(CNN)Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. And they are struggling in the aftermath. Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed, all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks, followed by a second earthquake on May 12. The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. "We are suffering with rain, strong wind. The fear is not gone from us. It is very, very hard," said Koirala, the founder of the nonprofit Maiti Nepal and the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year. The public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera. Koirala's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food. Still, she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster. "These girls are most vulnerable, because now people will target them," Koirala said. "They could be victims of any forms of sexual abuse. Maybe rape, maybe they will be trafficked, anything. ... If I get more support I will take as many as I can." About five miles away, the wall of Koirala's HIV/AIDS hospice has crumbled. Home to 115 girls, many of whom are terminally ill, the facility is under guard. "They're not injured, but they are terrified," Koirala said. "Everything is broken in the hospice." Koirala's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout the district, and all of them have been damaged. "It's really very sad for me and for my children," Koirala said. "This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it. I was not afraid that I was going to be killed. I was afraid about what is going to happen next." Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence. They are now living on the ground in a nearby field. "Physically, we are not hurt. But mentally, we are," said Basnet, whose Early Childhood Development Center provides a home and education to children whose parents are incarcerated. Basnet says the building's walls are all cracked, and the staff is afraid it might fall down. She and the older children created a shelter using the frame of a greenhouse, taping plastic around the sides to protect themselves. "It's really cold in the middle of the night; there are lots of fox in the field," Basnet said. "We are really scared." They also don't have much water or food, Basnet says. But she is trying to stay positive. "I think for the time being, whatever we have, we should be happy, you know?  Because at least we have our life," she said. "(My kids) all are safe. That's the most important thing for me." Basnet's "Butterfly Home" -- the permanent residence she was building for the children -- also suffered extensive damage in the quake. Basnet had hoped to complete construction in the next six months, with the opening ceremony set for October. Basnet purchased the land for the home with prize money she received as the 2012 Hero of the Year. "When the earthquake hit that land, all my dreams were scattered," she said. "I have to restart again." Still, Basnet is quick to point out that so many other survivors have nothing and are desperately in need of aid. To that end, several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal. Jake Wood's disaster relief organization, Team Rubicon, has a team of experienced veterans and first responders on the ground in Kathmandu.  The group deployed a medical and assessment team to aid the Nepalese people in several remote villages outside of the city. Six canine-firefighter search teams from the United States also assisted in rescue and recovery efforts. The teams were trained by Wilma Melville's National Disaster Search Dog Foundation and were deployed as part of a larger rescue force that includes structural engineers, hazmat experts and doctors. Tom Henderson's ShelterBox, which provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies, has so far committed to help more than 15,000 families. Dr. Laura Stachel's group, We Care Solar, sent solar suitcases to health care workers, providing them with light and power as they aid survivors. Arlene Samen's group, One Heart World-Wide, has set up tented birthing centers where pregnant women can safely deliver their babies, especially in hard-hit districts. Robin Lim, a disaster response midwife who founded Bumi Sehat, joined Samen in Kathmandu to help the mothers. Doc Hendley's nonprofit, Wine to Water, partnered with Appalachian State University in order to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are most needed in Nepal. The group says one filter can provide water for up to 10 people and last for up to 10 years if maintained properly.^Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks . Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence . Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
They may look like as if they come from a plague epidemic, but these photos show the shocking amounts of bacteria that grow on money. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. The experiment, which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. This the bacteria found on one five pound note . The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money. While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless. Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies.’ The experiment, which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides (shown above). It's common in soil, so it's likely someone was gardening before handling cash . Currency collected from students were submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. This image shows bacteria found on a ten pound note . Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless . One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil, suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies. The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. Around 20 per cent of people carry the bacteria in their nostrils, which means they likely touched their nose before handling money. Dr Park added: ‘We found that money, be it coins or notes, harbours very large numbers of bacteria. ‘It is something that we all share so it passes through many many different hands, washed and unwashed. 'It also gets kept in warm and moist pockets, which offer perfect conditions for bacterial growth and survival. ‘Consequently, the populations of bacteria on currency are much larger and more diverse, and money is likely to carry disease causing bacteria.’ While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.  This is the bacteria found on a five pound note, including one large bloom . Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types [of bacteria] found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies. A stock image is shown . After the experiment, the cash was washed and returned to the students. Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin, but this image shows bacteria from a five pound note, including some bright orange spores . Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ This image shows a large spreading bacterial colony created from the grime on nine silver and copper coins .^Students from the University of Surrey discovered thousands of colonies . They submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria . Most were harmless on the money, but one caused boils and spots . Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on notes and coins .
With the confirmation of Danilo's summer switch to Real Madrid, Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Jose Mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 Champions League with the Portuguese club . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez. In a deal typical of how Porto operate, Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Argentinian side Banfield before being sold on to wealthy Europeans Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price. It is a sustainable model which clearly works. Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line . James scores against Manchester City playing for Porto at the Etihad Stadium in 2012 . Porto have reached the last eight of this year's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004. They have progressed past the Champions League group stages in seven of the past 10 seasons and also won the Europa League in 2011. Brazil international right back Danilo may be on his way but there are sure to be more to come off a production line that includes Pepe, Joao Moutinho and Hulk. Colombian international striker Jackson Martinez is another who could move on in the summer with Arsenal among those keeping tabs. *Based on exchange rates as of April 2, 2015 . **Porto received 55.6 per cent of transfer fee . ***Porto received 80 per cent of transfer fee .^Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for £23million . Transfer will take total raised from player sales to £440m since 2004 . James Rodriguez, Pepe and Radamel Falcao among those sold by Porto . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
A dominatrix who claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards. Carrie Reichert, 43, who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show, has now written a book about the night. In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story, she says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was', The Sun reported. Carrie Reichert (left), 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story in which she recounts the events of Prince Harry's infamous party night . Prince Harry, pictured above in Las Vegas in 2012, was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his VIP suite at the Encore at Wynn hotel, including Miss Reichert . She wrote: 'I'm only in my bathing suit and feeling overdressed, wondering if I too should strip down and join him in his royal buff.' Ms Reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss. She said: 'This surreal moment felt more like a dream: I'm kissing a Prince! Tasting his lips and feeling his tongue, encouraging what is now a hot, deep kiss, both of us excited, anticipating what is yet to come.' In January, England-born Ms Reichert said she planned to use a pair of the Prince's underpants for a strip tease act. She remains the only woman to have ever spoken out about the prince's wild night in Vegas, following which pictures of him were leaked showing him playing naked billiards. Ms Reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the Wynn Hotel in August 2012. However, Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince's VIP suite and dismissed her story as 'untrue'. Kensington Palace this evening declined to comment when contacted by MailOnline. Just weeks after the 2012 party, Miss Reichert spent a month in Harrison County Jail in Mississippi after being arrested for cheque fraud. And not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims, it was revealed she was a dominatrix who charges $1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions. Kensington Palace has previously said Ms Reichert (pictured) was not among those invited back to the Prince's VIP suite that evening . Not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims, it was revealed Ms Reichert was a dominatrix who charges $1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions .^Dominatrix claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry in Vegas . Carrie Reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his 'cute naked a**' The 43-year-old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book . Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . A mother has been arrested for referring to her African-American neighbors as 'apes' during a dispute over a parking space. Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'. One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop.' Another said: 'I've been here 22 years and no [expletive] and now you. U made me hate [expletive] now.' 'I'm not racist,' one of the notes allegedly said, 'but I can see how someone can become [sic] hating [expletive]. You did this. There were no [expletive] in W.L. until u came.' Another, which the victims were most disturbed by, said: 'U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [sic].' A woman who lives next door, who only wanted to be identified as Elizabeth, told the station she is struggling to explain the content of the messages to her teenage daughter. 'She came back from school supposed to be happy,' she said. 'This is what she saw.' 'My little daughter came from school to see this note,' she added. 'I feel like I’m not safe here.' She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move. Mark Cogan, a friend of Elizabeth, told KPTV: 'That anybody would feel entitled to address somebody else in the community with this abusive, disgusting, foul, inappropriate language, just makes me sick.' Scroll down for video . One of the notes read: 'I'm not racist, 'but I can see how someone can become [sic] hating [expletive]. You did this. There were no [expletive] in W.L. until u came.' Another read: 'I've been here 22 years and no [expletive] and now you. U made me hate [expletive] now. Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment. She has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case. She is due back in court on May 7. Records show she is a licensed practical nurse and has a criminal past. In 2012, she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone. In 2010, she wrote on her Facebook: 'The name of the book Obama is reading is The Post-American World, and it was written by a fellow Muslim. Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment. In 2012 (mugshot right) she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone .^Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, has been accused of harassment . Referred to her neighbors as 'n*****' but insists she is not racist . One note said: 'There were no [expletive] in W.L until you came' Victim has said her family may be forced to move as they don't feel safe .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters. Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour, but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history. 'I'm really excited about the rest of the year now. It's a good momentum starter for me,' said Rose, who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters. Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters, despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . Rose believes that his finish of second at Augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy, who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . 'I tried to really tell myself that this year for me is going to be about April to September when the big tournaments come around and that's when I want to play well. 'You look at Rory's year last year, it was all about how he played in the summer (winning the Open, Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in the space of four weeks). I was trying to keep telling myself it's a long year. Very happy it turned around this week in a major championship. 'The thing that was most important for me this week was the fact that I have not been in contention and I haven't had a lot of experience this year or positive vibes on which to draw. 'I was really pleased at how comfortable I felt in that situation, last group in the Masters on Sunday. I think that's when you learn a lot about yourself and that makes me very hungry to get there again very soon.' Rose began the final round four shots behind Spieth and closed to within three on three separate occasions on the front nine, but was never able to get any closer. 'There's two ways to look at it. You can think that 14 under par, I'll take that next year and I'll take that the year after and I'll take it the year after, so I have to take a lot of confidence from that,' he added. Rose had struggled to hit top form going into the Masters but now hopes to sustain his Augusta form . Rose (left) congratulates tournament winner Spieth and praised his performance level for the week . 'But you've got to play it on the day, too. I felt like there were a few moments out there where I could have done better and I'll learn on that and think about that. 'Jordan didn't really open the door and I didn't really expect him to. Really the one time on the back nine where it got interesting for me was the 16th hole. I felt that if I make my birdie putt and Jordan misses for par, it's a two-shot swing and I'm two back with two to play. But my putt just slid by and he made a great eight- footer to there to keep his momentum as he did all day, really.'^Justin Rose finished joint runner-up at the Masters 2015 on 14-under-par . Rose's final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters . Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year . CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters .
A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her, it emerged today. Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe, yesterday afternoon in France ‘while drunk’. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK. Scroll down for video . On his way to Britain: Zbigniew Huminski (left), 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe (right), yesterday afternoon in France ‘while drunk’ Horrifying: The little girl's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken . Chloe’s mother, named only as Isabelle, ‘heard her daughter’s screams’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything. Jean Pierre Valensi, the prosecutor of nearby Boulogne-sur-Mer, said Huminski was arrested hours later and ‘immediately recognised his involvement in the murder of the child.’ DNA evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ‘strangulation and sexual violence’, said Mr Valensi. Tests also showed Huminski was over the alcohol limit for driving. Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘extreme violence’ including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife. But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week, and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family who had emigrated there, said Mr Valensi. Chloe was playing with a friend on Wednesday afternoon when she approached Huminski, who had stopped his car to drink a beer, and squirted him with her water pistol. Remembered: Relatives of Chloe are joined in a march in Calais today following the nine-year-old girl's death . Walking together: The Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart (right) and the mother (centre) of Chloe, identified only as Isabelle, leave Calais city hill with relatives today . The Pole later told French Police that he grabbed her and forced her into his red Seat Toledo before driving her three miles to the nearby Dubrulle Wood. Isabelle, who had left briefly to take her son to a sports match, began screaming the moment she saw the man, described by witnesses as bald and wearing sunglasses, pushing Chloe into his car. The car, which had Polish number plates, was found by police near where Chloe was killed. Isabelle did not even have time to reach Chloe's father so they could launch a formal missing persons appeal before her body was discovered. 'I've begun to understand I will never see Chloe again,' Isabelle told Le Parisien. 'It's tough. Very hard. Above all, I do not know when or how I'm going to tell his little sister and little brother. They are only five and four years old, I do not know if they can understand.' Huminski, who is single, originally moved to France in the early 2000s, and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the Foreign Legion as a soldier. He was rejected because of his criminal background, and then said he wanted to go and live with his sister in England. Huminski was on his way to Southampton, where his sister lives, French prosecutors confirmed tonight. Flowers: Ms Bouchart (left) comforts Isabelle (right), as relatives and people gather during a march in Calais . Emotional day: A person holds a portrait during a march in Calais in homage to the nine-year-old girl . In 2009 he was lodging in Calais with a Bulgarian immigrant when he attacked a pensioner in her own home, tying her up, before running away with the equivalent of £50 in cash. Psychiatric reports presented in court portrayed Huminiski as a ‘chronic alcoholic’ known for violent burglaries in both France and Britain. He was last convicted in France in April 2010, when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault, before being released early on March 27, 2014, when he was deported to Warsaw. Chloe is said to have pointed a water pistol at Huminski as part of a childish game before he bundled her into the back of his red Seat Toledo at about 3.30pm yesterday, the prosecutor said. The child’s body was found around two hours later, three miles away in the Dubrulle Wood. Sadness: Women place flowers at a playground in the neighbourhood where Chloe was taken yesterday . Distraught: Today people laid flowers at the place where the girl was snatched by the Polish man (pictured) Until a few weeks ago, it was the site of a large immigrant camp, made up of mainly men trying to get aboard ferries sailing to the south coast of England. Such camps are regularly razed by the French authorities, with the migrants moved on. Natacha Bouchart, the Calais mayor, said: ‘I was informed at 4.30pm that a young girl was abducted by a man in a red car as she left school in the Chateaubriand area of Calais, at around 3.30pm. A city security chief found an empty red car registered in Poland in Dubrulle Wood, in the north of the city. ‘He then called the police, who found the body of the girl in the woods. During the same patrol, they found the person who owned the vehicle, apparently a Polish national.’ The mayor has been at the forefront of a campaign to clear out all illegal migrants from her city, saying they are behind all kinds of crimes in the region. Tragic decision: Chloe's mother had let her continue playing in Calais because it was nice outside . Shocking: Prosecutor Jean-Pierre Valensi (pictured) said forensic investigators reported evidence of 'strangulation and sexual violence', and that the Polish man in question had admitted to the killing . The mother of a child who went to school with Chloe told Agence France-Presse: ‘It's horrific. My son knew her, he didn't sleep last night. He knows he will never see her again. I can't even imagine what the parents are going through.’ French Prime Minister Manuel Valls called for light to be shed on the suspect's history, saying the family and community were 'deeply shocked' by the murder. 'It is up to the legal system now to carry out the investigation and what we owe to the family is the whole truth,' he said. Calais was plunged into mourning after the killing of the girl described as 'cheerful and full of life'. Residents planned a march in memory of Chloe today. Flags in the town were already being flown at half mast. Huminski will now be kept in custody pending a criminal trial for murder.^Girl was playing with friend when Zbigniew Huminski forced her into car . Chloe's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour-and-a-half later . Prosecutors say there is evidence of 'strangulation and sexual violence' Polish immigrant, who was heading to England, has admitted to killing .
A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $250,000 in the lottery. Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together. The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn, New York, was also destroyed. Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann Diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house. Both of them were left homeless when Hurricane Sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the US in October 2012 . The loving couple met after they separately moved from New York to a trailer park in Connecticut, after they lost their homes. During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety . The 62-year-old didn't evacuate during Hurricane Sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats. She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . ‘Sandy left me homeless and alone and now because of Sandy I met the love of my life, I hit the lottery and we’re shopping for the house of our dreams’, the thrilled woman told the New York Daily News after she won $255,555 (£174,000). Ms Diano’s troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by Hurricane Sandy, which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the US. As the water began to fill her house she stepped outside and was swept away by a huge wave before landing in the high branches of a tree – saying she feared she was going to die. She was hauled to safety by a kind stranger, who saw she was about to touch a live wire and risk being electrocuted. The loving couple said they don't consider the winnings as money - but as the chance for a new start and home . Sandy left Ms Diano homeless and alone, she said - but it also brought her the love of her life and a lottery wn . Ms Diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home, and went to live in a Connecticut trailer park after winning a year’s rent-free accommodation in a church raffle. There she met Mr Krauss, who had also lost his home in Brooklyn, New York, in the storms, and the homeless pair began a relationship. She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station, but decided not to cash it in until April 6 – the day after Easter – as a symbolic sign of a new beginning. Reliving the moment she knew her life had changed, she told the Daily News: ‘I ran outside to Dennis waiting in the car and told him we won. The hurricane destroyed homes as it swept through New Jersey (pictured), including Ms Diano's home . He said, ‘If you’re busting my chops, I’ll kill ya.’ I showed him the ticket. ‘We hugged. We kissed. I wept.’ Mr Krauss said they didn't consider the winnings as money but the chance for the start of a new life together in their own home, . 'We don’t consider it money. We consider it a home. It’s a home', Mr Klaus told the News 8 channel. 'It’s not to be spent. It’s where we’re going to live together and start a new life.'^Pair were left homeless after storms and met in Connecticut trailer park . Won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after Easter to mark new start . 'Because of Sandy I met the love of my life', said thrilled lottery winner .
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it didn't come without cost for Fabregas. The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal. Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam . Fabregas was caught in the face by Stoke City midfielder Adam's flailing arm during their game . The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment . However, the Spanish international was all smiles on Tuesday as he posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption: 'Italy with Dr Paco' Earlier in the week Fabregas joked that he could finally get his nose fixed and the 27-year-old's comments suggest he is going to do exactly that. It is not the first time that the Spaniard's hooter has been in the wars. While an Arsenal player in 2008, Fabregas suffered a broken nose playing for Spain. He avoided having an operation on the injury then, but it seems that he may be happy to change that this time round.^Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam . Former Barcelona man picked up the injury during Chelsea's home win . Midfielder Adam scored wonder goal during the game but it wasn't enough . Fabregas took to Instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race, fried food and live music. Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez's favorite color of purple, the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford's Jonathan Law High School, where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. After a week of somber remembrances at the school, her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted, with smiles and joy. Remembrance: Friends embrace and remember slain student Maren Sanchez on Saturday, April 25, 2015 . Plans: Maren Sanchez, pictured in the dress she had planned to wear to prom, was excited about the dance which was due to attend with her new boyfriend last year . 'I did it': Chris Plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of Sanchez . 'I don't think there's anything sad about this,' said Darby Hudd, a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen. 'It's such a celebration.' The slaying stunned people around Connecticut and especially in this shoreline city, where Sanchez is remembered as an outgoing person, active in drama and other school activities, who had a kind word for anyone she met. The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother. The day was bittersweet, with some exchanging long hugs, but organizers said they agreed with Sanchez's mother, Donna Cimarelli, that the community did not need another vigil. 'We've cried a lot in this town. If you knew Maren, she would have embraced an event like this,' said Elena Garet, whose daughter was friends with the teenager. Tragic: This May 2, 2014, file photo shows a girl stopping at a memorial for Maren Sanchez outside Jonathan Law High School, in Milford, Connecticut . Live music: Jonathan Law senior Rachel Escobar and Steve Gonza, of the band Ink, practice a piece of original music written for Maren Sanchez . Mourning friends: Jonathan Law High School senior Jarrod Butts and Jamie Loma, left, and Jill Bendlak, right, remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday . 'Maren was a girl who brought people together.' The classmate accused of attacking Sanchez with a knife, Christopher Plaskon, has pleaded not guilty. His attorney has said he intends to use an insanity defense. Police have said they were looking into whether the attack was related to Sanchez's refusal to be Plaskon's date to their junior prom. Fran Thompson, the high school principal, said students and faculty are still recovering from the loss of the beloved girl. Over the last week, he said, the school held memorial events and students have been tweeting favorite memories of Sanchez and examples of people showing kindness toward others. All in purple: Students hold hands and remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday, April 25, 2015, while listening to live music during the 'Peace Love & Music From Maren' event . 'This whole year has really changed us a lot,' he said. 'I think it's made us more aware of the importance to remember the good in people, to take a moment and put things in perspective.' The 16-year-old Connecticut student accused of killing Sanchez who turned down his offer to go to prom, told police after the attack: 'I did it,' court documents show. Christopher Plaskon has been charged with murder as an adult over the death of Maren Sanchez, a friend who was killed last year in a hallway of Jonathan Law High School in Milford.^The life of 16-year-old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people . 'I don't think there's anything sad about this. It's such a celebration,' said Darby Hudd, a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen . A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with Sanchez's murder .
Her neighbour’s leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and, says Audrey Alexander, has left parts of her garden in deep shade. What’s more, it now seems likely to remain that way. Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size, the council has ruled they can stay. It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family. It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander’s aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge (pictured) has finally come to and end after 35 years . The battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge . Then, 23 years ago, single mother Mrs Alexander bought the house and asked her neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim the hedge. She claims Mrs Robinson refused and declared: ‘I would rather move than touch these trees.’ The dispute rumbled on, with Mrs Alexander, 54, claiming that the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her property. She sensed an opportunity, however, with the passing of the High Hedge Act in Scotland in 2013 which allows local authorities to take action in such cases. Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay, despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of neighbour Audrey Alexander's house (pictured) The situation came to a head in 2008, when a 65ft section of hedge is said to have fallen and demolished a neighbour's garden shed . Audrey Alexander (pictured) also claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches . But her council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge, although it has to be cut to 20ft. Mrs Alexander said the ruling made ‘no difference’. The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden. Complainants and the hedge's owner are encouraged to resolve the issue between themselves and councils should only be called in to help as a last resort. Because the effect the hedge has is not always clear, disputes can last for years before an agreement can be reached. The local authority can either issue a high hedge notice, which orders owners to cut the hedge back, or decide not to act. The local authority cannot make any orders about the roots of the hedge. She added: ‘The whole situation is appalling – the legislation is about giving people the right to sunlight. ‘It’s a disgrace and I feel extremely let down.’ The neighbour refused to comment. Mrs Alexander’s only option is the courts which she cannot afford to do. Over the years she had used the mediation services of Stirling District Council to try to resolve the issue. The situation came to a head in 2008, when she claims a 65ft section of hedge fell, demolishing a neighbour’s garden shed. Following the introduction of the High Hedge Act, Stirling Council found in her favour but the neighbour appealed and won the 20ft ruling. Dr Colin Watson, of Scothedge, a group which demands the end of ‘high hedge tyranny’, said that the council’s decision was ‘pretty crazy’. A council spokesman said the decision was made ‘after carrying out a site inspection and considering all the evidence’. Mrs Alexander said her aunt, now 87, had moved to France to enjoy ‘sunshine and gardening’. Ms Alexander called in Stirling District Council to try to solve the quarrel, but no solution could be found and the feud continued . The council ruled that the hedge should be cut to about 20ft, a height which Ms Alexander claims will still block most of her sunlight .^Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge . She claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home . Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch . Council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
Out of prison and free to stroll around Ireland's capital, this is the notorious 'Black Widow' killer who murdered her husband. Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb. Black Widow Catherine Nevin leaving Mountjoy Prison as she walks to get a bus. An unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs . Catherine and Tom Nevin on their wedding day. The 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . She walked through the city centre to Dorset Street where she waited for a bus before attending the addiction studies course. Ireland's most infamous woman prisoner went largely unnoticed as she took the bus unaccompanied after leaving prison - with an unsuspecting female commuter sitting down next to her - according the Daily Mirror. Catherine Nevin leaving the Central Criminal Court in Dublin during her trial in 2000 . Dressed in jeans, a blue fleece top and a pair of black Ugg boots, Nevin took in sights she hasn't seen since being jailed 15 years ago. She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started. She failed last July to have her conviction overturned, though this outing will fuel speculation a full release from jail is imminent. Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister. The course is part of her pre-release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed. Nevin's current study leave is her latest educational placement after she studied the same topic at the Mounttown Community Facility in Dun Laoghaire last October. While attending that course, run by the Dun Laoghaire Rathdown Drugs Task Force, she was always accompanied by prison warders. Completion of the course gives participants a FETAC Level 5 Addiction Studies Certificate. It's believed that as well as attending the course in Inchicore, Nevin has also been using facilities at Maynooth University in Co Kildare and Trinity College over the past few weeks. While in prison Nevin has been keeping herself busy. She has a job in the jail library and likes to do makeovers on other inmates. It was revealed in July 2013 how Scissor Sister Charlotte Mulhall, who is serving life for murder, regarded her as a close friend in jail. Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate. Tom Nevin was shot dead in the couple's pub, Jack White's Inn, in Brittas Bay, Co Wicklow, in March 1996. His wife was also convicted of soliciting three men – Gerry Heapes, William McClean and John Jones – to kill him. Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate. Her trial was shrouded in controversy and has gone down in history as the longest ever murder trial in the history of Ireland. The trial and media coverage of the case was dominated by an intense focus on Nevin herself, forcing the judge to order a ban on all reporting of her clothing and appearance. No physical evidence linking her to horrific crime was ever discovered. Her conviction was based largely on the evidence of the three men she is alleged to have solicited. Nevin married Galway-born Tom in 1976. Over the following years they built up a property portfolio, before in 1986 buying the landmark pub where Tom was murdered . His death was initially investigated his death as a pub raid which had gone tragically wrong. The Jack Whites Inn, Ballinapark, Co Wicklow, which Catherine Nevin ran with her husband Thomas and where he was shot dead in March 1996 .^Catherine Nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in April 2000 . 62-year-old was seen on the bus, with a pal and walking around in Dublin . Sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed . Ireland's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband Tom in 1996 .
Following all his inspired charity work, Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa,' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game. The 37-year-old, who scored against Leicester on Wednesday, spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football. Didier Drogba with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award following all the charity work he's done in Africa . The Ivorian scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday, his seventh of the season . He said 'I come from a poor family where I played football in the streets with my friends with no shoes, there was no grass but we still enjoyed it. 'There is nothing better than when you see a kid with a smile on his face and that is why I'm trying to help. I want to do a lot of things in Africa, I want to give people the chance to dream, and it is easier to dream when you are in good health and happy.' Zebeto is one of the children inspired by Drogba and he hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps . Drogba loves to make the children of his home country happy and visits the foundation regularly . In the latest Barclays video they spoke  a young boy growing up in the Ivory Coast called Zebeto, who has been inspired by Drogba and dreams about following his hero. The 'Didier Drogba Foundation,' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children, as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan, Ivory Coast, which will be opening its doors later this year. Chelsea's stars such as Eden Hazard, Petr Cech and Branislav Ivanovic were out in force earlier this month as they raises £400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball. The money raised will be used to complete the medical clinic in Abidjan and help finance mobile clinics that will travel outside of the capital to those who are either to sick or poor to make the journey to the medical centre.^Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award . The 37-year-old's foundation has done impressive work in Africa . Some of Chelsea's stars attended a charity ball which raised £400,000 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
The number of women in Britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high. Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of only seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh. But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun. Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women becoming nuns in Britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade (file image) She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London, while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. Miss Hawksley, from Hertfordshire, said: ‘In one sense, it is a bit like trying to explain to somebody why you are marrying the person you are. You can list their qualities, but in the end it is a relationship of love. ‘But on the other hand, I was drawn to it by wanting a greater freedom in being able to give myself to God and the world. 'I don’t have to worry now about practical things like making a career for myself. I’m free to go where I’m needed and meet people at the margins.’ She is not the only young woman choosing the religious life. According to Church figures, 14 of the 45 women who entered convents last year were aged 30 or under. The next moderator of the Free Church has claimed the Church of Scotland is ‘literally dying’ because of falling congregation numbers. The Rev David Robertson said the departure of ministers and ‘concerns’ over issues such as same-sex marriage are linked to a ‘theological and moral decline’ in the Kirk. The Dundee minister, who will become Moderator next month, made the remarks on his blog site The Wee Flea as the Church of Scotland prepares to hold the General Assembly 2015 in May. The Free Church has seen modest growth over six years, with about 13,000 people currently attending services. Mr Robertson said the Kirk is losing ‘around 16,000 members per year’. But the Church of Scotland yesterday hit back, saying it remains one of the country’s ‘largest and most robust organisations’. Miss Hawksley said: ‘There is another person in an order in London and she is 27 and we meet to chat. You are not on your own. It is an unusual life choice, but you are not the only one making it. There are plenty of people asking themselves the same questions.’ She admitted some of her friends were ‘a bit bewildered’, but most had been very supportive. Far from being trapped in traditional habits, Miss Hawksley said her order tends to dress down in T-shirts and jeans. Father Christopher Jamison, director of the National Office for Vocation of England and Wales, said: ‘There is a gap in the market for meaning in our culture. One of the ways women may find that meaning is through religious life.’ Sister Cathy Jones, religious life vocations promoter at the office, said: ‘We are never going to be at the place we were at 50 years ago, Catholic culture was at a very different place. ‘But the fact that more women are becoming nuns than in the past 25 years shows that as a generation we have turned a corner.’ Last year, BBC Northern Ireland political reporter Martina Purdy quit her 25-year career in journalism to become a nun. She said: ‘I know many people will not understand this decision. It is a decision I have not come to lightly, but it is one I make with love and great joy.’^Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns . The number of women taking Holy Vows stood at just seven back in 2004 . But that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year . One father said a 'gap in the market for meaning' led people toward religion .
By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area, the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen. This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora’s long career, a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net. Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers’ season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory. Written off by many, this victory, only a second on the road all season, claws QPR closer to safety. Bobby Zamora (left) scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns . Charlie Austin (right) headed QPR's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . Eduardo Vargas (left) wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom with a 25-yard strike . West Bromwich Albion: Myhill 5; Baird 5 (Olsson 65’ 4), McAuley 4, Lescott 4, Brunt 5; Gardner 5.5 (Mulumbu 72’ 2), Morrison 5, Fletcher 6.5, Sessegnon 3 (Anichebe 46’ 7); Berahino 6, Ideye 6 . Booked: Sessegnon, Brunt . Sent off: Mulumbu . Subs not used: Rose, Wisdom, Yacob, Pocognoli . Goals: Anichebe, 58 . Manager: Tony Pulis 6 . Queens Park Rangers: Green 6.5; Isla 6.5, Onouha 6.5, Caulker 6.5, Yun 6.5 (Hill 82’); Phillips 7.5, Sandro 7, Barton 8, Vargas 6.5 (Kranjcar 30’ 6.5); Zamora 7.5 (Henry 75’ 5), Austin 7.5 . Booked: Caulker, Barton, Henry . Subs not used: McCarthy, Sutherland, Hoilett, Doughty . Manager: Chris Ramsey 8 . MoM: Barton . Referee:  Lee Probert 7 . Att: 25,735 . Sportsmail's Match Zone shows where Bobby Zamora struck QPR's third goal . Joey Barton’s name was sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle, in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic scoreline. He drove onto a lose ball in the West Bromwich Albion box and lashed home with the ferocity of someone determined not to go down with a whimper. Earlier, in the 84th minute, he received a forearm in the face from substitute Youssouf Mulumbu that saw referee Lee Probert produce a red card. Was Mulumbu’s act in retribution for Barton’s claims Albion players had ‘s***’ themselves when leading 2-0 at Loftus Road in December to lose 3-2? Only he will know. What is without question is that Ramsey’s team are fighting for their lives. Five successive defeats preceded this game, but three points paints fresh gloss on their survival hopes. For Tony Pulis, this was a bad day. His talks with chairman Jeremy Peace once safety is assured will have to wait. Victor Anichebe (left) headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench . Joey Barton (centre) added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom . QPR captain Barton celebrates his goal, his team's fourth, in the game against West Brom . Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton, shortly before he scored for his side . Barton (left) lies on the ground holding his head after the foul that saw Mulumbu dismissed from the pitch . Albion had the first clear opening in the 14th minute. Darren Fletcher swung over a deep cross to find Brown Ideye, but the Nigeria striker directed his header above the bar. Moments later, the visitors were ahead in stunning fashion. A long ball by Robert Green was helped on by Zamora and nodded into the path of Vargas by Austin. The Chilean cut across two West Brom defenders and let fly a cracking shot the other direction, utterly defeating Myhill from 25 yards. ‘How s*** must you be, we’re winning away,’ sang the travelling hoard. The hosts responded, with a cross by Chris Baird sent trickling wide by Ideye four yards out. Soon after Vargas went down clutching his knee with nobody near him. Baird continued play to the fury of Sandro, who rushed over once the ball had gone dead to remonstrate in rather close proximity to the Albion defender. Vargas tried to continue but hobbled off minutes later, bringing the introduction of Niko Kranjcar. The Croatian delivered a telling contribution in the 37th minute, flicking on a corner by Matt Phillips to find Austin unmarked at the far post. The QPR striker applied the finishing touch as expected to take his Premier League tally to 16, his fourth against West Brom following a hat-trick in the fixture at Loftus Road. Two minutes before the interval, Zamora provided that moment to take the breath. Phillips played the ball to the forward but danger seemed distant by the corner of the area. Instead Zamora glanced a shot with the outside of his left boot to send the ball soaring high before dropping into the corner of the net. It was joyous. QPR had done enough. Green (left) makes a save as West Brom increased the pressure on QPR after scoring through Anichebe . Zamora (left) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike put them 3-0 up at half time . Vargas (centre) celebrates with his QPR team-mates after opening the scoring in the 15th minute against West Brom . Sandro (right) makes a sliding challenge against West Brom striker Saido Berahino . Green (centre) makes a save for QPR as Berahino closes in on goal in the game at The Hawthorns . Pulis, no doubt furious with his team’s defending, introduced Victor Anichebe at half-time and his big frame had a sizeable effect. In the 55th minute presented a very appealing chance for Craig Gardner but only a tame shot followed. Three minutes later Anichebe had a goal for himself. Saido Berahino latched onto Chris Brunt’s long pass and dug out a cross that Anichebe reached ahead of Steven Caulker to steer into the far corner. Pulis replaced Chris Baird with Jonas Olsson and changed to a 3-4-3 formation, instigating an Albion surge. Robert Green punched clear a deflected shot by Ideye. Berahino ten scuffed an excellent chance from four yards and Ideye headed another over. Green, the QPR goalkeeper, celebrates his team's opening goal from Vargas . Barton (centre) has his shirt pulled by Craig Gardner of West Brom in the Premier League game . West Brom captain Darren Fletcher (centre) contests a header with QPR's Sandro . Anichebe's attacking threat is stifled by Yook Suk-Young (left) and Barton (right) of QPR . Niko kranjcar (left) of QPR and James Morrison (right) of West Brom battle for the ball in the Premier League encounter . Brown Ideye (left) challenges for the ball against Barton (lower) Steven Caulker of Queens Park Rangers . The victory is only the second for Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey but boosts their survival hope .^Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes . Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later, Bobby Zamora made it three . Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. 'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday. 'Very lucky' Skating with a full face mask during practice, the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin, the Detroit Free Press reports. Gruesome: Miller was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face . The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor. Stone's skate cut Miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow. Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches. Though he has a gash that runs across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye, Miller said his vision was largely unaffected. 'Right now, it's just dealing with the cut and the stitches and the soreness,' Miller explained. 'Other than that, my eye is good, and when I got on the ice today, I felt pretty good.' Freak accident: While falling to the ice, Ottawa's Mark Stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under the visor with the blade . Stitched up: Twitter user Red Wing Memes published a photo of the Red Wings forward with the freshly stitched wound . Second opinion: A second angle showed Stone losing his balance while fighting for the puck with the Red Wings' Luke Glendening . Bruiser: Miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up, though the team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston . My Fox Detroit reports Miller had wanted to return during the third period of the game, which Detroit lost 2-1. Red Wings Coach Mike Babcock said Miller will likely have a 'big-time scar' but to expect the winger to be on the ice Thursday. The team will need Miller, who has played in 159 straight games, as it tries to secure the final guaranteed playoff spot in the Atlantic division.^Detroit Red Wings' Drew Miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the Ottawa Senators . The massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close, but did not damage Miller's eye . The Red Wings lost 2-1 but remained in third place in the Atlantic division .
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England. Klopp, 47, announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close, prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the Premier League. Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past, is not in their sights, but Germany international Mertesacker insists Klopp would be a good fit in the English top flight. Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season . Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League . Klopp chats with Dortmund defender Erik Durm during a training session in Dortmund on Wednesday . He said: 'I've got some nice experiences in the Premier League and of course it would be nice if a German coach would take the challenge of working in the Premier League. 'It's not so good for Dortmund that he is leaving but hopefully one day he will manage abroad. I think his passion would fit and to see him in England would be very interesting. 'Everyone has their philosophy and I think Jurgen Klopp has proved that he's top-level and can teach a lot.' However, Mertesacker insisted Klopp, whose side are 10th in the Bundesliga table, will need time to decide on his future after a largely successful spell in Dortmund which has brought two league titles and a Champions League final appearance. He said: 'I think he should just finish the season with Dortmund and then he should be given time. 'We'll see what he does next, but I think he's fought his way out of all situations and I think that this time he will find a path that gives him a new challenge. 'But firstly, I wish him all the best and time to think about his achievements. Sometimes you can underestimate what it's like going straight into a new job. I think you should give him time - and I wish him all the best.' Klopp waves to the fans after Dortmund's Champions League game against Arsenal in November . The German boss has enjoyed a huge amount of success at Dortmund and won the Bundesliga title twice . But for all that a new challenge lies ahead for Klopp, Mertesacker admits he cannot work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from Borussia. He said: 'It is obviously sad news for Borussia Dortmund, [he was] such a passionate successful and passionate manager for them. He was the guy who turned it around at Dortmund. 'The whole situation there - he built the squad on young players and they improved so much in the seven years he was in charge. It is a sad situation. 'But in the summer, it will be a new situation for him. Maybe he is going to go abroad and see how it goes there. 'I would love to see more German managers abroad, because it is obviously a new challenge, to adapt to the culture, the language, the system. Yes, why not? 'It is his decision. He worked really hard and pushed really hard, so even if he said he is not tired, maybe he takes a bit of breather to fuel his energy and his batteries? 'But I am curious what happened to him because he was an outstanding figure in the Bundesliga in the last couple of years and always a title contender. They went to the Champions League final. It will be interesting to see what happens in the summer.' Klopp has been tipped to replace Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger but it remains unlikely .^Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . German boss has enjoyed success with club during seven-year stint . He has been linked with Manchester City, Manchester United and Arsenal . Per Mertesacker says he would like to see Klopp in the Premier League .
Apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. To address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. At least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer (pictured left) and another for iOS software power systems engineer (pictured right) The job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider and include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer. In particular, the iOS software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate 'will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues, modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system, and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends.' Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page. It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use. All-day battery life: This includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Audio playback: The battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music. Talk time: Apple said the Watch can be used for up to three hours for calls. Workout: During this test the Watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on. Watch: When used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour. Power reserve: When the Apple Watch's battery  gets low it switches into Power Reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour. Charging time: The company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the Watch to 80% and 2.5 hours for a full charge. Apple's tests were carried out in March 2015 with a pre-production Apple Watch and software paired with an iPhone using pre-production software. Apple said battery life varies with environmental factors, use, configuration, and 'many other factors' so actual results will vary . As the site suggests, this shows Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks. Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what 'normal usage' is and this can differ from person to person. These times have only been beaten by Samsung's latest Galaxy S6. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge. However, official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long. Boss Tim Cook said at the launch event last month that the Watch will last 18 hours, but this only includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Apple is expected to launch an iPhone 6S, 6S Plus as well as potentially a four-inch model later this year. Battery improvements could be made to these handsets, or they may be a feature on next year's iPhone 7. Alternatively, because a number of the jobs refer to a software rather than hardware engineer, these battery improvements could be made and rolled out to existing phones as part of an iOS upgrade. Earlier this week Atmel released its latest  microcontrollers (MCUs) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can harvest energy from a person's body. The  SAM L microcontrollers are part of Atmel's 32-bit ARM-based MCU range and are powered by chip maker ARM's Cortex M0+ 32-bit processors. A number of Apple devices, including the iPhone 5S and iPad Air are powered by chips based around ARM technology. Atmel said its MCUs extend 'battery life from years to decades, reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms, healthcare, medical, wearable, and devices placed in rural, agriculture, offshore and other remote areas.' Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what 'normal usage' is and this can differ from person to person. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook (pictured) uses 30% less energy than previous models . Apple boss Tim Cook said the Watch's 'all-day' battery life lasts 18 hours with 'typical use' - but official tests recently revealed this equates to just 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Apple defines the battery on its Watch page and said a time check  lasts four seconds . They use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made. The microcontrollers run on the firm's picoPower technology and Atmel's Event System that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks. By effectively 'sharing' energy, the whole device uses less power and, subsequently, less battery. It can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible. Plus, the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature. Earlier this week Atmel released its latest microcontrollers (MCUs) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person's body. Atmel said its MCUs extend 'battery life from years to decades, reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices' During a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year's CES, Andreas Eieland, Atmel's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel. This panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .^AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries . These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer . Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus . But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only don't last a day .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend. And despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game, the 27-year-old Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends. Andy Murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against Novak Djokovic  in the mens final . Novak Djokovic  plays a backhand against Murray  in the mens final during the Miami Open . Murray plays a forehand against Djokovic  in the final during the Miami Open  at Crandon Park Tennis Center . ‘There’ll be no celebrities as such, I don’t have any celebrity friends so it wasn’t something that was planned,’ said Murray, before he flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to runaway world No 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday. The one possible exception is comedian James Corden, although he is busy working in America. There will be quite a few friends prominent in British tennis — aside from anything Kim’s father Nigel has been one of the country’s leading coaches — but with the Monte Carlo Open beginning next Monday the bigger international names were always going to be otherwise engaged. Murray and Djokovic pose for a photograph prior to the mens final during the Miami Open . Djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating Murray in the final of the Miami Open . In fact the only non-British player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer, a doubles specialist from the Dutch Antilles who has a base in Miami. ‘Jules lives there and I spend quite a lot of time with him. Tim (Henman) will be coming. James Ward, Jamie Delgado (longstanding British player and coach). ‘We invited Kyle Edmund but he can’t make it because he’s playing,’ said Murray, who confirmed the couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines. Other tennis guests include coach Amelie Mauresmo, former assistant coach Dani Vallverdu and two of his three best men, brother Jamie and former Davis Cup player Ross Hutchins. The third is Carlos Mier, a friend from his days at the Barcelona tennis academy he attended. Kim Sears fiancee of Murray  watches him in action against Djokovic in the fierce Miami sun . ‘Everyone who we’re close to, people we’ve spent a lot of time with in the past and people that we see ourselves spending time with in the future. That’s how we came up with the list,’ said Murray. Rather than asking for wedding gifts, the couple have requested that guests make a donation to charities they support such as UNICEF and the World Wildlife Fund. ‘I’m going to go up to Scotland early and spend time with my family for a couple of days. I’m not going to hit any balls this week. Pretty much everything is done now and under control. I’m sure a few things will come up. World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday . ‘Kim has pretty much controlled most of the important things and I’ve tried to help when she’s asked. I haven’t been overly involved but there’s things I enjoy doing, I did all the food and cake tasting which I actually loved.’ There will not be any honeymoon until later in the year. In the middle of next week Murray will head to Barcelona to train with incoming assistant coach, former Swedish player Jonas Bjorkman, before resuming his tournament schedule the week after that in Munich. Another change in the new rankings on Monday was Spaniard Rafael Nadal moving down to No 5.^Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 . But it's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray's  No 1 spot this week . Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday . There are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list .
A mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from Asda. Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain 'seeping through' from the its lining. Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. Paula Dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a £25 coat from Asda . 'I noticed the coat had a stain on the back seeping through, so I opened it and stuck to the lining was a shrivelled, squashed lizard,' said Mrs Dunican. 'I think it must have been ironed - it was disgusting.' The supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher, adding that the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from Vietnam where they are made. Its quality control department said it was waiting for Mrs Dunican, who is a school learning support assistant, to return the garment. In 2012 another Asda customer found a dead cockroach inside a kettle she had bought to sterilise baby items. Mrs Dunican said the reptile looked as though it had been ironed onto the coat. A spokesman for Asda apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund . Carly Wintle bought the own brand appliance in Weston-Super-Mare, Somerset, and found the insect inside after unwrapping it. Meanwhile in February a disgusted shopper found the severed head of a frozen rat in a bag of frozen spinach. Terri Powis, 33, was horrified when she opened the bag and found the rodent's decomposing body. The supermarket apologised and asked her to return the item to the store, acting, she said, as though it happened 'every day', the Mirror reported.^Paula Dunican paid £25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of Asda . When she took it home she noticed a 'seeping' stain on the back of coat . She then discovered the reptile's crushed body on the garment's lining . The supermarket has apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund .
A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago. Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain for the election. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0. Former Eurovision contestant Ronnie Carroll (pictured with his second wife June Paul) has died aged 80, just two days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper . An Electoral Commission spokesperson told The Sun Mr Carroll could still potentially win, although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself. Mr Carroll was on the statement of nominations as 'The Eurovisionary Carroll'. Sophy Dury and Bill Dury were listed as nominees for his candidacy. He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest, making him the only Briton to compete two years running. The seat is the most marginal in England, won by Labour's Glenda Jackson by just 42 votes in 2010. Mr Carroll's fame peaked in the 1950s and 60s, when he dated a string of women and raised hell with Sean Connery . Mr Carroll came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests, with the songs Ring-a-Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively. He fame peaked in the 1950s and 60s, when he dated a string of women and raised hell with Sean Connery,The Guardian reported. Nominations closed on April 9. Tulip Siddiq is bidding to hold the seat for Labour, Simon Marcus is running for the Conservatives, Maajid Nawaz for the Liberal Democrats, Magnus Nielson for Ukip, Rebecca Johnson for the Greens, and Robin Charles Ellison for the U Party.^Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 . He died in London two days ago, aged 80, following a battle with cancer . Mr Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn . He remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
Britt McHenry is back to work. The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. But despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend. Confirming the news to Sports Illustrated, senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said: 'She knows she made a mistake. She’s owned up to it. I think she is just really anxious to get back to work.' Scroll down for video . She's back! Britt McHenry (left) has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk Gina Michelle (right) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . Vicious: ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for one week after the April 6 video surfaced . Markman insisted 'she has a lot of potential as a reporter', adding, 'she is young, she’s learning some things, but I really do believe in her.' He continued: 'We had a conversation where we both talked about that it would take time and it will be hard. She knows that, and especially at the beginning. 'She realizes she will have to do her job really well and hopefully win back some of the trust of our viewers. We expect that from her, and I expect that from her. 'She did a great job for us on the NFL last year in some difficult situations and I have seen nothing that doesn’t make me think she will rebound from this. But she knows the first couple of assignments out of the box will not be easy.' Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released. The verbal attack on April 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office, where clerk Gina Michelle was stood behind the counter. 'I’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f*****g sue this place,' McHenry can he heard saying  in the video. Michelle can be heard warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to 'play your video'. McHenry seems unfussed, responding: 'That’s why I have a degree and you don't - I wouldn't work in a scumbag place like this. Caught red-faced: Incredibly, McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera . Unhappy customer: Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . Warning: Since Britt McHenry's outburst, this sign has been placed on the door of the Chinese restaurant . Scene of the tirade: This is the towing yard in Arlington, VA, where McHenry's abusive rant happened . Restaurant employees said McHenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . 'Makes my skin crawl even being here.' Michelle patiently replies: 'Well let's get you out of here quickly.' McHenry then fires back: 'Yep, that's all you care about - taking people's money… with no education, no skill set. Just wanted to clarify that.' After a few more comments, including telling Michelle she doesn't have a brain, McHenry delivers her biggest sting. 'Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?' she says. 'Cos I'm on television and you're in a f*****g trailer, honey.' Finally, before walking away, McHenry says: 'Lose some weight, baby girl.' Although she issued an apology on Twitter, the sportscaster did not approach Michelle directly. The apology: McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday . Hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on Twitter as ESPN refuses to comment further . At first, McHenry tweeted insisting she had been in the right. But that post was deleted within hours. Employees at the beer hall-cum-Chinese-restaurant Hunan Number One told Daily Mail Online the sports reporter left her car in the parking lot overnight despite clear signs on the door that cars will be towed, warning bar-goers that the restaurant would not be responsible 'if your car is towed from the parking lot'. The venue, which features 'happy hour' from 11am until 9pm, was described by enthusiastic patrons as a prime 'pre-game' spot and online reviewers as a beloved dive bar. Hunan Number One, offers sushi, hot-wings and other bar food, along with 32oz draft beers for around $8, five-buck highballs and half-price bottles of wine, served up in front of big screen TVs playing sports. When the bar shuts at 2am, the private towing company, Advanced Towing, within minutes began removing cars in concurrence with a rule on the private lot. The firm showed magnanimity, saying it did not want McHenry to suffer. In a statement Advanced Towing said: 'Parking enforcement is contentious by nature. At the same time, neither Gina, our lot clerk, nor our company, have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments. 'Ms McHenry is our neighbor, and, as she said, to paraphrase, made remarks that were out of line. She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment. 'Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family. Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry. 'As a small regulated business, we saw no benefit to releasing the video, except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing, public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter. 'The video was not licensed or sold to anyone.'^McHenry, 28, berated single mother Gina Michelle for towing her car . She insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral . ESPN suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation . But despite thousands of calls for her to be fired, she returns this week .
A mum who says she felt like a 'rabbit in headlights' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood, which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next. Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley (left, with Lola and right with Lola and husband David) came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant . Tech-savvy mum Chloe, who designed the new app, with baby Lola, now three months . Chloe said: 'I had absolutely no idea what to do - I was forever turning to Google to find out information, and some of the things I found weren't right.' She also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature. The mum-of-one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding. The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews. The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . The mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . Users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily-accessible place. Chloe, 27, said: 'I wanted every single piece of advice in one app. 'It prepares women for birth and labour, goes through all of the pain relief you can have and then teaches them how to look after babies after birth.' As well as breastfeeding the app covers important issues such as colic, and constipation, as well as post-natal depression and how to perform CPR in an emergency. It also contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast they fed their child with last. Dave Owens with Chloe's bump baby during her pregnancy with Lola. Chloe's specially-designed app helps breastfeeding mothers  remember which breast to use . Mum-of-one Chloe Owens (pictured with daughter Lola) came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant, because she had no idea what to expect . Feeding from the correct breast is important so the baby has a constant supply of hindmilk, the creamier milk which takes longer to produce. App users can also share their own tips and secrets. One online reviewer wrote: 'This is just what I've been looking for - whoever designed this is a hero. 'I am so tired I keep forgetting what I need to do, so this is so helpful.'. Chloe says: 'I'd never made an app before, and never really spent much time on computers.' But it took Chloe just eight weeks to teach herself app development and she then managed to get her app accepted onto the Windows, Android and Apple stores. The app, which went live on Android on March 10, costs £1.99. Chloe (pictured with newborn Lola, left, and at three months, right) struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .^Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, designed new app Bump 2 Breast . Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter, Lola, now three months . Says her and husband David felt like 'rabbits in headlights' at first . Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
Everyone has parts of their body they would like to change but how much would you pay - and how much pain would you be willing to go through - to be rid of your hang up? It's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments. Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost. Scroll down for video . Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall,  spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . But for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street, like Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall, the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around. Michael, has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness. His mother, Joy, who never spends money on herself and wears £5.99 shoes from Oxfam, is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance. She points out that he could go on a luxury holiday for the next seven years for the same price. But Michael said of the treatment: 'It will make me feel more complete. It is a lot of money but this means a lot to me, good holidays come and go but this will last a lifetime and make me a happier more confident person.' Joy, however, is worried that her son, a divorced father of two, is pinning too much on the hair transplant changing his fortunes of her son. She said: 'I'm just worried he will be disappointed. He's pinned so much on this, he has looked forward it to, I think he feels his life will change dramatically.' Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed . Another person keen to boost their self-esteem via a Harley Street surgeon is Emma Tallon, 27. She paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs, which she feels are too big. She's felt self conscious about them for ten years. She said: 'I just want to feel normal, to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time.' Of the price she is paying to have the body she wants, she said: 'It is expensive. I am pretty comfortable but it's a lot of money. I think it's a price worth paying.' Following the procedure, Emma said she had no regrets but the operation was 'a lot harder than I thought it was be'. She said: 'My legs were black and swollen for weeks, at first I felt like my legs were going to explode. 'I haven't had regrets but I didn't realise how much it takes a toll on your body.' Also featured on the show is Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, who has had a number of cosmetic treatments over the years - and wasn't even put off going under the knife after a botched tummy tuck in Latvia which she admitted 'almost killed me'. Over the years, she's also had a boob job, face lift, liposuction and work on her eyes and nose. Now she wants another face lift costing thousands of pounds to rid herself of her baggy jowls. When asked by her surgeon if she understood the risk of surgery - and whether she thought it was worth taking for a cosmetic procedure - she said: 'It's an operation but what the heck, I just want that to go away (referring to the baggy skin below her neck). I want to have my chin back' Her husband Nick adds: If that's what she wants I'll support her.' But after the costly treatment, he admits that he can't tell the difference in his wife's profile. 'I'm not very observant, I can't see the change but if she can I'm happy,' he said. Inside Harley Street: Episode 2 : Make Me Beautiful is on BBC Two Monday at 9pm .^Harley Street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery . Patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives . Michael, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . Andrea, 72, pays for a facelift - but her husband can't tell the difference .
It might look like something plucked straight from the future, but Chevrolet’s latest innovation is actually their vision of tomorrow’s self-driving electric vehicle. Called the Chevrolet-FNR, it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features. The car is only a concept for now, but offers a glimpse and what some manufacturers are planning for the upcoming self-driving car era. General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car (shown). It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. It was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre (PATAC) joint venture. Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future.’ The ‘aim was to create a unique, intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology,’ said GM. It has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ‘dragonfly’ dual swing doors that open upwards. The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system. Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby for self-driving mode, and you can even turn on the car with your eyes, thanks to its iris recognition start. The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round (shown). And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes . The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week (shown) Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future' The ‘aim was to create a unique, intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology,’ said the company . While in self-driving mode, the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180 degrees to face the rear seats, so the driver can talk to their passengers. Using a gesture control feature, though, the driver can switch to manual control mode whenever they want. Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet. ‘The FNR concept reaffirms Chevrolet’s commitment to offer electric vehicles that meet customer’s lifestyles and are within their reach,’ said Alan Batey, head of global Chevrolet. At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range, the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva. Self-driving cars may be a way to take your eyes off the road and relax a little, but they can also increase travel sickness, research has found. The research was carried out by Michael Sivak and Brandon Schoettle from the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute. They asked more than 3,200 adults across the US, India, China, Japan, Great Britain and Australia what kinds of activities they would do instead of driving in a fully self-driving vehicle. More than a third of Americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness, including reading, texting, watching movies or television, playing games or working. More than half of Indians, 40 per cent of Chinese and up to 30 per cent of adults in Japan, Great Britain and Australia said they would also engage in these kinds of activities. The figures suggest that once autonomous vehicles become more mainstream as many as 12 per cent of people will feel ill in the vehicles at some point during a journey. The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby while in self-driving mode . Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet . At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range (shown), the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva .^General Motors unveiled their concept car at an event in Shanghai . Chevrolet-FNR has 'dragonfly' swing doors and 'crystal laser headlights' It is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round . And using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday, when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage. It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question, and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor. Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness. Scroll down for video . Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham (left) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates . The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. She sat out the rest of the debate . The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights. While Abraham was anxious to get back on stage and finish the debate, the doctor ordered her against returning. Speaking to reporters after her fall, Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign. 'How'd you like my opening act?' Abraham joked to reporters. 'Nothing like fainting on stage.' Speaking to reporters after the fall, Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign. Pictured on the right before speaking to reporters after the fall . Describing the incident, Abraham said she was on a riser when she 'leaned over to look at [Williams] and the lights went out.' She said she has never fainted before. 'It just happened at an inopportune time. It's a little bit embarrassing but I fell gracefully. I didn't hurt anything I'm fine,' she said. Despite missing most of the debate, the fall appears to have had a strangely positive affect for Abraham. In a poll conducted after the debate, 54 per cent of participants said they would vote for Abraham in the Democratic primary, scheduled for May 19. Abraham appeared to be healthy on stage just before the debate began Tuesday night at Philadelphia's Kimmel Center. Pictured on the left, next to mayor candidate Nelson Diaz . After Abraham was taken off stage, the debate continued between the remaining candidates. From left to right: Abraham, Nelson Diaz, Jim Kenney, Doug Oliver, Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams . That's likely good news to her campaign managers, since Abraham has been having a hard time raising enough money to compete with front-runners Williams and Jim Kenney, according to Philly.com. NBC 10 Philadelphia will host two more debates between the Democratic candidates before the primary next month. After Abraham was taken off stage, the debate continued between remaining candidates Nelson Diaz, Jim Kenney, Doug Oliver, Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams.^Candidate Lynne Abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it's never happened before . While a doctor kept her from returning to the debate, the 74-year-old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
A Texas highway was thrown into chaos on Friday when the  door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open, causing money to spill onto the road. Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash. A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles, while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way. Scroll down for video . Chaos: A video posted on Facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on Interstate 20 in Albilebe, Texas,  to pick up cash that had spilled from a Brinks Armored Truck . The passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a 'substantial amount of money' to be blown out. Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars. Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens. Some of it had been returned, but other drivers had decided to ignore the threats and have pocketed the cash. A spokesman for the department said: 'Weatherford Police Department would like to remind everyone that the loose money is property of Brinks Armored Car Service. 'Weatherford Police will investigate and potentially prosecute any individual that has picked up any of the loose money and not returned it to either Brinks or the Police Department.' Joel Aldridge, who recorded the video, told NBC DFW: 'I saw people all over the ground picking things up, and I thought maybe it was wreckage. 'And as they started walking toward me the first guy I saw had a big wad of cash with money sticking out.' Traffic: Cars were forced to veer past the vehicles stopped on the side of the road. Police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted . He described how dozens of people vacated their cars and left their doors ajar as they dashed for the cash. 'Everybody else was picking up handfuls and running around, kinda like an Easter egg hunt,' he added.' Jose Rosas, who was searching at the scene, told WFAA: 'We're just trying to make a dollar or two. 'I'm probably going to come back tomorrow and look,' Rosas said. 'I know there's a lot of money out here.' His friend Gage Anderson said they had scoured the road but most of the money had already been picked up.^Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, on Friday . Passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road . Motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash . Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music. Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say, where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise. In particular, the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment. Scroll down for video . Harrison Ford as Han Solo, right and Chewbacca, left, in a trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'. However, despite the fact that Mr Elfwick's Twitter bio states that he is a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the programme. Beforehand he also tweeted: 'I've never actually seen #StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70's.' And appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old Star Wars films are full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'. On talking about C-3PO, who he referred to as C-25 and Princess Leia, he said 'The gold robot - C-25 or whatever he's called - is a camp, neurotic coward. Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films . He later confirmed he would be talking on the programme, where he said the franchise was full of social problems . 'The only main female ends up in a space bikini chained to a horny space slug.' He then turned his attentions to Darth Vader adding: 'The main bad guy - what's he called Dark Raider - is he black, he has a deep voice, he listens to rap music - it's just a really bad racial stereotype.' He finished his assessment by saying that film-makers Disney should make 'strong feminist' films such as The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast, before being cut off by presenter Chloe Tilley. However, a BBC spokeswoman said afterwards: 'On this occasion, the force was not with us. Princess Leia, who was captured by Jabba the Hutt in Return of the Jedi. Mr Elfwick said the film was anti-women . Turning his attentions to Darth Vader, pictured, he said: 'The main bad guy - what's he called Dark Raider - is he black, he has a deep voice, he listens to rap music - it's just a really bad racial stereotype' 'The guest presented himself as a 20-year-old who's never seen Star Wars; and we put him on air under that pretence. 'WHYS producers always do their best to check guests in a live programme that invites global discussion from listeners.' The new Star Wars film, entitled Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens, had its first trailer released last week and will hit cinema screens in December. The one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by JJ Abrams during a fan even at California's Anaheim Convention Center - with stars Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley, Oscar Isaac and John Boyega looking on. The clip is the first time Han Solo, played by Harrison Ford, has been seen on film since 1983's Return of The Jedi. He is joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying, 'Chewie, we're home.'^Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter to appear on World Have Your Say . Came after claims he had never seen the Star Wars franchise before . On the show he described the films as both anti-women and anti-gay . Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a 'really bad racial stereotype'
If relations between Cuba and America have recently thawed, then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is vying to steal Kim Kardashian's crown for having the curviest booty in America. The Miami-based Latina, who has already been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the city's fashion crowd, is well known for strutting her stuff on the region's balmy beaches. Scroll down for video . Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves, which the Miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . And she loves a selfie! The 21-year-old is being tipped by the Miami fashion crowd to rival Kim Kardashian . Pneumatic proportions...but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to Kathy, who works for a skin cosmetics firm . And now she's hoping for international stardom. Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily with the hourglass-shaped Latina hoping that her seemingly never-ending stream of body shots will help her to emulate some of Kim's success. She describes herself as a 'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or 'sexy' in Spanish and is  as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol. Her Instagram profile 'Kathyzworld' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats. The budding star has firmly denied that her bottom has been artificially altered, saying that her pictures are '100 percent real' without any photoshopping. Is Kim quaking in her booty? The would-be star is happy to pose for belfies at every available opportunity . Living the beach life: The aspiring celebrity showers her instagram account with photos of herself in glamorous locations . Landrovers and lycra: Kathy, who works in skincare, is  partial to posing in tightly-fitting clothes . Fresh from the gym! The super-curvy Latina is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian and has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries . By day, Kathy works as a distributor for a skin cosmetics firm, but by night she can be found partying and socialising around Miami's most fashionable night spots. The star has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries and her mantra is 'life is beautiful'. Her champion, PR Guru John Chant said: 'She really is the new kid on the block and has arrived with a big bang. 'The great thing is her body is all natural and that is why she is drawing so much attention. She's a gorgeous girl with curves in all the right places. 'In my opinion it won't be long before we see here face and butt plastered everywhere. All I can say is Kim Kardashian, look out!'^Cuban-born Kathy Ferreiro's curves have attracted fans on social media . Bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural . Miami-based party girl is hoping to become next Kim Kardashian . Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those 'tweeting violent threats'. Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Now, after questions were asked about what led to  the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts, Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence. Online savvy: Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East . Twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends, but NDTV Gadgets reported that the social network's so-called 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2. Speaking on condition of anonymity amid fears for his safety, the representative said the cull was prompted in part by the 'large number of reports' received by online activists and members of the public. Without doubt this is a reference to the 'Operation Anti-ISIS' campaign launched by the online 'hacktavist' collective Anonymous, who encouraged members to find and expose thousands of accounts connected with ISIS and report them to Twitter authorities en masse. While the social network says it remains committed to the platform being used as a symbol of free speech, it says it will not tolerate accounts tweeting sickening messages promoting violence. ISIS - the largest and wealthiest terrorist organisation in history - has long used social media to groom and enlist new recruits, spread sickening propaganda, and glorify rape and massacre. Sick: Twitter's so-called 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the ISIS militants themselves (pictured) or by supporters of the terror group, on April 2 . Last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants fighting for ISIS could control as many as 90,000 Twitter accounts worldwide, allowing them to spread their sickening propaganda with ease. The terror group is able to 'exert an outsized impact on how the world perceives it' because of its shrewd use of social media and sheer number of online followers, terror experts have concluded. Recommendations in the report by the Washington-based Brookings Institute report include governments and social media companies working together to find new ways to tackle the problem of pro-ISIS accounts spreading horrific murder videos and images and jihadist rhetoric. While Twitter has had success in suspending the accounts, they are effectively playing an exasperating game of whack-a-mole as banned users almost-immediately set up another account. They then encourage ISIS sympathisers who have not yet been banned to share the details of their new profile and within a matter of hours can have thousands of people once again reading their messages of hate.^Thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week . Twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror-promoting users . Decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence . Suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by 'hacktavist' collective Anonymous targeting online jihadis .
Residents living yards from the scene of the £60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime. They also claim to have heard ‘drilling’ noises on the evening of Good Friday, but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks. Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery  in central London to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'. Scroll down for video . Arrival: Two members of the criminal gang, with their faces obscured, can be seen entering the building . Leaving the area: Later on, they exit the building with wheelies bins thought to be carrying the stolen loot . Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday, but it was graded as 'no police response was deemed to be required'. Residents on Greville Street - near the scene close to Farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist, which they now think could be linked. Farhana Begum, 19, who lives in a flat just a ten-second walk from the raided premises, added: ‘My mum actually heard drilling on the [Good] Friday night, it was probably about 9pm or 9.30pm. ‘But there had been road works, or construction work, going on in the street for the last couple of weeks, so she thought that they may have been working late. Protection: One of the gang members carries a large plastic bag past the camera to help obscure his face . Vehicle: A white transit van used to transport the gang and their loot pulls away from outside the building . ‘But she did think it was quite weird that they would be drilling at that time. Also, about two weeks ago, so the weekend before it happened, there was an electrical cut.' Miss Begum added: ‘It was over that weekend, so before the Holborn fire [under Kingsway on April 1] as well. It happened on either the Friday or the Saturday, it was just a bit peculiar.’ Career criminal: Noel 'Razor' Smith, who has 58 convictions and spent 32 years in prison, said the group was likely brought together by a 'Mr Big' Another local resident, data scientist John Han, 26, said: ‘We heard some type of loud noise which woke us up. It was late at night on the Friday or Saturday. I can't remember which. ‘I heard some type of noise. I'm not sure what it was, but I thought they were just doing road works in the street again. But I did think to myself why would somebody be doing road works at that time?’ Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith - who was responsible for more than 200 bank robberies during his criminal career - believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break-in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered. Mr Smith, speaking after having analysed video footage of the raid, told The Daily Mirror the organised criminals would be aware of the huge risk involved in returning for more spoils, but the rewards outweighed the danger. On Saturday night, police released dramatic CCTV images of the raid in the hope of a breakthrough in the investigation. The pictures show the robbers at work over several days as they take part in the raid on the basement packed with security boxes in London's diamond district. Described as 'highly audacious' by Metropolitan Police detectives, the men - wearing Adidas tracksuits, builders' hats and high-visibility jackets - were captured entering the building through a side exit, before leaving hours later with a wheelie bin full of jewels. The gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . The group left the jewellers on Good Friday after having first appeared on camera the day before. But one of the thieves then reappeared on camera late Saturday night - a move Mr Smith described as a 'huge risk'. Saturday, March 28 . Thursday, April 2 . Friday, April 3 . Saturday, April 4 . Sunday, April 5 . Tuesday, April 7 . Mr Smith told reporter David Collins, writing for the Daily Mirror: 'He could be out the country by now spending the rest of his life a very rich man. Instead he's come back for more. 'I don't think this was part of the plan. But criminals are greedy.' Mr Smith went on to state the raid was likely organised by a 'Mr Big' who organised an elite crew made up of Europeans and Israelis, unknown to each other, acting on his inside information. CCTV shows the gang of at least six men breaking into a basement side door at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd building. It is now known they then took stairs to the second floor, disabled a lift and abseiled down the shaft to get to the vault, avoiding security doors. The footage is from the bottom of a fire escape by the basement side door. At 9.23pm on the Thursday, just minutes after employees left for the Easter bank holiday weekend, a red-haired man wearing a baseball cap was the first to arrive and headed downstairs to the vault. A street camera then picked up a white Ford Transit van drawing up outside and men were seen dragging wheelie bins away before the van left. The men, wearing high-visibility jackets and hard hats, carried large holdalls and dragged the wheelie bins downstairs towards the vault. It is thought that one of the bins contained the 77lb drill used to bore through the 6ft-thick vault wall. On Good Friday, at 7.51am the raiders emerged through the basement side door with holdalls, tools and the bins, now believed to be filled with diamonds, cash and jewellery. The van was seen pulling up again before the men loaded it and drove off. At 10.17pm on Saturday, the cameras showed three of the men returning with holdalls and tool boxes. From 5.46am on Sunday, the gang went back and forth four times with a wheelie bin from the vault to the van. They then loaded up the van and drove off at 6.44am. In total, 72 safety deposit boxes were opened out of 999 boxes in the vault. Possible identities suggested for the thieves have ranged from Russian gangsters to former Serbian military personnel, or that they are part of the 'Pink Panther Gang' from the Balkans. Scotland Yard was branded as 'incompetent' last week after admitting it got a call at 0.20am on the Friday from a company who monitors alarms across the South East, but instead of acting on it, deemed it 'no police response required'. A police spokesman said: 'The call stated that a confirmed intruder alarm had been activated at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. 'The call was recorded and transferred to the police's (computer) system. A grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required.' He added: 'We are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call. This investigation is being carried out locally. It is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident.' In response to whether officers had spoken to residents about the power cuts and 'drilling' noises, a police spokesman declined to comment. Meanwhile, a Ukip candidate who is under investigation for handing out sausage rolls to voters has revealed that he may have lost valuables in the Hatton Garden burglary. Kim Rose, a jeweller who is standing in the Southampton Itchen constituency in Hampshire, had a box at the safe deposit hit in the raid. The 58-year-old made headlines last week when it emerged that police want to question him after a report that he tried to woo potential voters with refreshments at a party event. Mr Rose is still waiting to hear whether his was among 72 boxes which were taken in the burglary and will be interviewed by police tomorrow morning over the sausage roll claims. WHERE WERE THE GANG FROM? Speculation over the gang’s origin has been feverish. Possible identities put forward have ranged from former Serbian military personnel to Russian gangsters, or that they are members of the so-called Pink Panther Gang from the Balkans, who have carried out robberies across Europe. However, the Pink Panthers have been violent and aggressive in the past, which was not the case here. AN ACCOMPLICE ON THE INSIDE? The men reached the fire exit through an alley leading from a side street in Hatton Garden, but this alley is protected by a metal gate and the raiders would have needed a key. Furthermore, there was no sign of a forced entry through the fire exit door into the company’s premises, indicating they had a key or that someone had let them in from the inside. Another theory is that a member of the gang had rented a space within the premises. LOOT SMUGGLED OUT OF THE COUNTRY? Some believe the haul was stolen to order for the Middle Eastern market. Whoever their buyer, it is agreed by police, former robbers and crime experts that the gems are likely to have already left the country - and probably very soon after the raid. According to one former robber quoted in a newspaper at the weekend, getting the goods out of the country would be ‘a doddle’. WHAT ABOUT THE ‘KING OF DIAMONDS’? A criminal mastermind known as the 'King of Diamonds' was named last week among the prime suspects. The only known picture of the mysterious robber comes from an unsolved raid on a Knightsbridge's Graff diamond store in 2007. The Panama hat-wearing raider entered the exclusive shop after jumping out of a chauffeur-driven Bentley. He and an accomplice then pulled out guns and made off with £13million worth of jewellery.^Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist . They also tell of suspicious 'drilling' noises on evening of Good Friday . Group seen returning to scene on Saturday - a day after initial break-in . Police admit they didn't respond after alarm went off early on Friday .
This is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement. Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands. The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him. Flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the West Midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it . Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole . As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole. The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway. Further bursts of flame and thick black plumes of smoke were to follow. Despite his shock,  the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident. 'Had it literally been a few seconds earlier I would have been walking right over it,' said a shaken Mr Shiraz. Mr Nawaz said he had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him and noticed the blackened cover . As he watched on in shock, thick black smoke began to escape from the manhole in the busy street in Shirley, Solihull . 'I'm so lucky I didn't get burned.  I think I used up one of my lives right there. 'I've never seen anything like it, and I have been in the building trade.' Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to Mr Shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway. The former gas engineer told the staff to turn off the gas supply and also rang the fire service after the incident in the busy Stratford Road, Shirley, Solihull. Firefighters extinguished the blaze, which they said was caused by a fire in an underground link box - which distributes electricity - below the manhole. Neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire which was thought to have started accidentally. Shiraz, who now fits kitchens and bathrooms, said: 'To think that I had just walked over that. 'The flames kept shooting up - maybe five or six times. The smoke was followed by a quick blast of flame which shot out of the manhole on the pedestrian walkway . Flames shot up to a startling 15-foot high and could be reaching the top of the nearby shop and take away fronts . 'I'm a building contractor so I knew that when I heard the noises it was something to do with electrics. It was like a buzzing. 'I knew what it was but I didn't expect flames to come shooting out straight away or anything like that. Shiraz was walking from his home to the Dixie Chicken shop around the corner from his home when he saw the flames at around 7pm on Monday. 'I got my phone out because I heard the actual noise and I think I saw a flash,' he said. 'I think I managed to get it on film just as the first real flames came up. 'It looked like it was coming from a manhole cover. It was quite shocking. 'I told the guys in the shop to switch off the gas and get everyone out. I told them to stop any unassuming person from walking down the road while I stayed on the other side. Flames were followed by more plumes of dark smoke continued to billow up out of the charred ground reaching several feet high . Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway, told them to turn off their gas supply, and called the fire service . 'The guy in the shop grabbed me a couple of burgers after everything, so I guess it had a happy ending.' A spokesman for West Midlands Fire Service said: 'We had a number of calls about about it - probably five or six, maybe a couple more. 'It involved a fire in an underground electrical link box. The electrical supply was isolated by Western Power. 'Power was isolated to surrounding homes and premises for four hours. 'Three people were evacuated from one of the properties. 'We used a CO2 extinguisher and a hose real with foam, because it was an electrical fire. It was accidental.' Western Power Distribution workers were later seen repairing the man hole cover in Shirley, Solihull . The area had been evacuated and blocked off as Western Power Distribution employees worked to fix the underground link box . Incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident and quick-thinking Shiraz managed to grab his phone in time to take a film of the astonishing flames .^Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole . The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street . Incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident after  Nawaz evacuated the area .
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket. The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists, when the incident happened at around 3.30pm local time. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat, according to the Bangkok Post. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking. The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the Andaman Sea in Krabi province. A 12-year-old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . Thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel. Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft . The Associated Press reported that the 12-year-old girl may have been picked up by another boat that was going to the beach resort of Phuket. But Police Captain Sutthiwat Aunsiam, a duty officer at Muang Krabi station, told Jor Sor 100 radio late in the evening that rescue units are still searching for the girl and Krabi Governor Songpol Sawasditham confirmed her disappearance, according to Thai Rath Online. Most of the passengers and crew, totalling between 100 and 110, were taken back to Ao Nang near the resort town of Krabi from where the Ao Nang Princess 5 originally set off. About a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft from police and marine authorities assisted in the rescue operation. More rescue staff and divers, including personnel from Third Naval Area Command, will join the search for the missing girl tomorrow. None of those brought ashore were reported to be injured, but one person aboard the boat did die, according to Phuket News. Pol Capt Sutthiwat quoted Wirat Jittaraporn, the captain of the 35-metre long, 4.5-metre wide ferry, as saying the vessel was about five miles from Railay beach near Ao Nang when he heard an explosion from the engine room. He immediately ordered everyone to don life jackets and prepare to abandon ship. The fire quickly engulfed the ferry and burned it to the waterline before it sank at around 6pm off Krabi's Noppharat Thara beach. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . Passenger Panupon Rattanakornpanya, 44, told Thai Rath Online, that crew members told him and his wife and child that a fire had broken out and ordered everyone to gather at the bow. 'The fire then grew stronger. Everyone was in a panic. Some were crying. Many grabbed jackets and passed them on to others before we jumped into the water,' he said. Governor Songpol said the ferry was equipped with fire extinguishers, 'but in this case it appeared [the crew] were not able to control the blaze and this must be investigated again'. The governor went to Ao Nang, a popular hopping off point for Phi Phi, Phuket, Koh Lanta and other islands, as passengers from the sunken vessel milled on the shore. 'We hope the girl is still alive,' said the Director of Marine Office 5 for the region, Wichai Kamwong, according to Phuketwan . 'The ferry burned with remarkable speed so to have the speedboats and fishing trawlers close by to help was wonderful.' The sunken ferry was operated by Ao Nang Travel and Tour Co. Thailand's tourist industry, which welcomes more than 20 million people a year, has suffered a black eye in recent years due to domestic political violence and several high-profile killings and unexplained accidental deaths of Westerners, but serious marine accidents are uncommon.^Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea on way from resort of Krabi . Was five miles from the coast travelling to Phuket when engine exploded . 35-metre-long boat caught fire around 3.30pm before sinking around 6pm . Passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued . No injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl .
A food supplier for supermarket giant Tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away. Caught on camera: The farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire. A member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner TH Clements & Son . TH Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect. The passer-by who saw the man yesterday, who does not wish to be named, said: 'It was disgusting. It wants stopping. 'We name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets. We should do the same with this idiot.' A spokesman for food producers TH Clements said: 'We terminated the services of the individual worker as he failed to follow company procedures which request that all workers use the toilets provided. 'Despite the fact that a toilet was less than 18 metres away from him, he decided to urinate in the field rather than use the toilet. Immediate action: TH Clements & Son (pictured) which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted . 'Highest quality': Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach supermarket shelves . 'Although he did not urinate on the crops, this does not excuse him from his actions. 'All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they are distributed, including trimming and two quality assessment panels. 'The incident took place in an unplanted area of one of our fields and the worker in question has had his contract terminated as a result of this incident. 'On top of their usual training, all our field staff are currently undergoing a refresher induction.' TH Clements also said there was absolutely no health issues arising from the incident. The spokesman added: 'Urine is virtually sterile when it leaves the human body, it does not carry any bacteria, it has been used by avid growers for personal use for years as it is very high in Nitrogen. 'Urine is considered safe for individual use.' The team has more than 150 years combined experience in the Brassica industry. It grows vegetables in Benington which are supplied to several businesses including Tesco. A Tesco spokesman said: 'We work closely with our suppliers to make sure all the products we sell are of the highest quality. 'All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they reach our shelves. 'We are working with our supplier to make sure all the right processes are in place for the future.'^The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public . Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked . Passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act 'disgusting' Tesco: Vegetables undergo 'extensive assessment' before hitting shelves .
(CNN)The victory of a 72-year-old former general, Muhammadu Buhari, in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics. Buhari, who some 30 years ago was Nigeria's harsh military leader, could of course prove to be a disaster; so many self-described reformers have been. swath . But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history. And the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites. For too long, Nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth. The cancer of corruption has to be cut out. I visited Nigeria in January and found a country under siege. Abuja, the capital city, is where the rich have always imagined themselves making their last stand. Soldiers guard the treacherous motorways; houses are compounds covered in barbed wire. It's a place where poor children rise at dawn to sift through the trash cans for food and black magic is practiced by the side of the road at dusk. Yet thanks to Nigeria's oil, there is also tremendous wealth in Abuja. And when you don't really make money but simply take it from the soil and sell it, a crude kind of crony capitalism develops in which who you know is far more important than what you know. Graft trickles down through the system; through family, through patronage and through shady deals done with foreign businessmen at the 24-hour party palace at the Abuja Hilton Hotel. The richest buy off the anger of the poorest, and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime. For a while, that system brought some stability to the government of  Jonathan. But stability was contingent upon oil remaining at $110 a barrel, and in recent months the price has collapsed to below $50 a barrel. Lacking funds, the government could no longer promise jobs to voters and had to start thinking creatively about serious economic development. One was the massive privatization of the power system, a sensible idea that promised to take energy provision out of the hands of a broken state and give it to businessmen to run. The problem is that costly investment and redevelopment didn't come soon enough: Millions were left without power and the government's few bold attempts at reform smacked of betrayal. The problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism. Nigeria is not a natural, comfortable nation state; it's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions. The south is dominated by Christians like Jonathan, the north by Muslims like Buhari. And the north has witnessed a brutal, bloody terrorist insurgency led by Boko Haram, which translates as "Western education is forbidden." Westerners might assume that Boko Haram's major target is the Christian south but, in fact, its war is as much against nonfundamentalist Muslims as it is non-Muslims, and its attacks have generally been focused on Islamic population centers. Failure to deal with this has not entirely been due to Boko Haram's strategic ingenuity. Previous administrations have simply been too dysfunctional to fight a war on terror. In 2010, for instance, the government awarded a $470 million contract to provide security in Abuja. Few of the promised cameras were installed, yet the money was still paid in full. And soldiers sent to the front report being poorly equipped. The government is thought to have resorted to trying to purchase arms on the international black market, according to news reports -- although this is the kind of story that is hard to verify due to bans on granting visas to foreign journalists (I was in Nigeria as a consultant on a business visa). What is directly observable is that while the government proved capable of providing security in some areas, in others it utterly failed. And the Jonathan government might have benefited from the Boko Haram terrorist emergency continuing in Muslim centers, for the Muslims were far more likely to vote for Buhari. For Buhari to win, he had to draw large numbers of votes in Christian areas -- and there, again, a Western prejudice is challenged. The victory of a Muslim candidate in Nigeria does not represent the victory of Islamism, as we have so often been told by those skeptical of the ability of the Muslim world to govern itself. On the contrary, Buhari is associated with an earlier period in Nigerian history when the army was relatively well paid and respected. He ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines, for sure. But he also ran a War Against Indiscipline when in power in which civil servants who were late to work were ordered to do frog jumps, drug dealers were publicly executed, and some 474 politicians and business were arrested on charges of corruption. Buhari was removed in a coup, and he left office with the rare distinction of not having made very much money from it. Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption. Get the army functioning properly again, Nigerians hope, and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists. Buhari has his critics, many of whom charge him with misrepresenting his CV and being a closet authoritarian. But they cannot deny that he has won this historic victory because he has touched a chord with a people exhausted by years of misrule. You can only bribe the voters for so long before the squalor becomes too much to bear.^Tim Stanley: Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption. He's an ex-dictator, but there's reason for optimism . He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption, poverty and rise of Boko Haram. Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
Bulgaria might not be the first hotspot that springs to mind for a summer holiday – but that could change after it was named Europe's cheapest destination yesterday. The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink, according to a study. Scroll down for video . Affordable: Bulgaria has been named Europe's cheapest destination, with Black Sea resorts like Sunny Beach (pictured) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities . Hotspot: Bulgaria's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece . It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries. Research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of £37.39 for Bulgaria, which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer. There was a bigger fall of 22 per cent for the Algarve in Portugal, taking the total cost to £44.02, helping it beat Spain's Costa del Sol to become the second cheapest destination. Only in Turkey, where inflation is 7.6 per cent – compared to virtually zero in Britain and the eurozone – will Britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive. The figures, compiled for the annual Post Office Holiday Costs Barometer, show the spending basket in Turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year, at £65.70. Bulgaria's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece. Described by travel agents as 'lively', it has a wide sandy beach, high-rise hotels, bars, restaurants and water parks. It also has a long summer season from May to September and boasts around 300 days of sunshine year – more than Miami Beach in Florida. Peak-season return flights to Burgas airport cost £400 a head. Once there, a three-course meal for two with wine comes in at £19.60, and a cup of coffee at 78p. The country, whose currency is the lev, also has some popular ski resorts. The research is good news for travellers to the Algarve, which offers good-value restaurants, with a three-course meal for two including wine costing just £16.42, while a coffee will set you back 52p. At the other end of the scale, Sorrento in southern Italy is the dearest resort. Its basket costs £101.60 – almost three times Bulgaria's. Holiday: Bulgaria (pictured) is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . There, a cup of coffee comes in at £1.49, while the three-course meal for two was a much dearer £52.24. Andrew Brown, of Post Office Travel Money, said: 'Meal prices can have a big impact on the holiday budget and make a big dent in holiday finances for people who plan to eat out every night. 'In the Algarve, a three-course meal costs less than half the price in other resorts. Be aware of what to expect before facing the bill.'^Bulgaria's Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy, Spain and Turkey . Researchers found cheapest destination using 'imaginary shopping basket' Cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country's high inflation . Its most popular resort of Sunny Beach copies those of Spain and Greece .
Islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an 'alleged blasphemer.' A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man, wielding a meat cleaver. His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria. Scroll down for video . A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an alleged 'blasphemer' The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor, surrounded by men with guns. An executioner, with his face covered, stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver raised over his head. The next photo, which is too disturbing to publish, shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body. Each of the images are similar to videos released of British and American hostages who have also beheaded by the militants. A series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded . The man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed . It follows a video released by ISIS which week that warns 'America will burn' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity that saw the twin towers destroyed. The 11-minute video features some of the group's most brutal killings - such as the beheading of American journalist James Foley and the brutal burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh as he stood in a cage. The twin towers and still images of Osama bin Laden are also shown during the short video. Militants armed with rifles surround the man, while his executioner stands behind holding a meat cleaver . Propaganda is increasingly being used by ISIS as a way of attracting new recruits and gaining notoriety. The latest photographs follow a video released last month which show eight suspected informers, all dressed in red jumpsuits, being executed. In January, ISIS militants threatened to behead Barack Obama and turn the US into a Muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate.^WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria . Man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land . He is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver . It is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged 'blasphemer'
A married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to IVF. Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. Louise and Glen Higgs with daughter Mazy, aged three and newborns Carson Alan (left) and Carter Joel (right) The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week. Former RAF fireman Glen said: 'Medical staff have told us our three children are triplets as they are all from the batch of embryos that were created at the same time. 'It is crazy really - seeing as there are three-and-half years between them in age.' Glen, 35, had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile. He met Dee and, after living together for five years, tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment. Carter Joel Higgs (white top) and Carson Alan Higgs (blue top) who were born on March 24 2015 weighing 5lb 12oz and 5lb 5oz, with IVF triplet sister Mazy Linda Higgs, aged three . Glen said: 'I had an unusual tumour growing within the testicle. After all my treatment, they tested my sperm and they were non-swimmers. 'I knew then that if I ever wanted to have children I would have to go through IVF. 'I had always wanted kids and first went through the process with Dee in 2010. We got funding for the first try and got lucky when Mazy was born.' Glen, now a manager at a filter-making factory, said: 'We then just had to wait and see if it attaches okay. We ended up having eight embryos. 'We put two in to attempt to have a child the first time and froze the other six. 'We were talking about getting rid of them - as we were paying a yearly storage fee - but decided to try again. We had to fund it ourselves this time and put two in again. 'Amazingly they both stuck and we have ended up with two more beautiful babies. 'I always wanted to have kids and am a big family man. The process we went through was hard but we could not have asked more from the final outcome. 'I am the happiest man ever. I have three healthy kids when I thought I would never have any. One we thought would be amazing - to have three is an unbelievable gift. 'What my wife and her body had to go through makes her the real hero to me.' Glen, 35, had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . He met Dee and, after living together for five years, tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment: Carter Joel Higgs (white top) and Carson Alan Higgs (blue top) The IVF procedure involved doctors effectively 'hoovering' the eggs from of Dee's body and injecting them with the frozen sperm. Care assistant Denise, 27, said: 'When I heard I was having twins I cried and my husband just went white. To now have triplets is simply amazing. In the UK, one in every three thousand births is to triplets. Approximately 15 per cent of 'multiples' are born thanks to IVF. Source: TwinsUK . 'We were so happy though. It has been a huge change in our lives but we have just learnt to adapt. 'Going through IVF is one of the hardest things you ever have to go through as a woman. 'The whole process is horrendous, but as we have proved it does actually work. 'There are so many injections and medication and it can be very undignified at times. I did get very emotional at times but I have no regrets at all about doing it. 'I could not be happier with what we have been left with.' The couple have now disposed of the remaining embryos and have no plans to have any more children.^Denise and Glen Higgs thought they'd never have children . He was made infertile due to cancer treatment, but they tried IVF . Couple from of Braunton, Devon, had Mazy, born three years ago . Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .
The owners of this house better not leave too quickly, after a speed camera was angled directly on their front door. The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth, Birmingham. However, it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Big Brother is watching: A speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in Birmingham, West Midlands . The speed camera has not been working for more than two years . Around 300 speed and traffic camera, using old technology, were turned off across the region in March 2013 . In there place, speed enforcement operations have been carried out by a small number of mobile camera units, fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol. Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera, but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it. One of their engineers will now be visiting the site and the camera could be removed completely. 'Fixed location safety cameras have been decommissioned across the West Midlands since 2013 as the technology inside them had become obsolete,' the spokesman said. 'Plans for a pilot at a limited number of sites, using digital technology, is currently in development. 'Now the issue with this camera in Wellington Road has been brought to our attention, we will take any appropriate action at the site.' The spokesman confirmed that there were no plans to include the camera in Wellington Road in the new pilot. The owners of the house were not available for comment.^Speed camera discovered pointing at house in Handsworth, Birmingham . Fixed cameras  switched off across the West Midlands in Spring of 2013 . Site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology . Obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
Drank himself to death: Charles Terreni Jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died . An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a 'tragic and totally preventable death', a coroner has ruled. Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on March 18, the morning after an alleged 'kegger' at the house for the annual Irish holiday. Terreni's official blood alcohol reading was .375, according to WISTV. He is the son of Columbia attorney Charles Terreni, a former staff member for then-Lt. Gov. Bob Peeler, a former state Public Service Commissioner and a man involved in legislative redistricting. The death is still under investigation. Circumstances leading up to his death are not clear, but the house was draped in St Patrick's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside. Neither the fraternity nor the university has explained the situation in detail. However, USC suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death. Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning. 'I would say there are three houses there, and I don't know who exactly lives in them, but there's always a frequency of parties going on,' neighbor Mehrdad Vejdani told Fox Carolina. 'At times, there can be a hundred people in that place. Live band in the backyard, which is fine. I mean, some noise, but it doesn't bother us too much.' Scroll down for video . Suspended: The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended, after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning . Rager? Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day. On Wednesday, several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch, as well as clover decorations . The Columbia Police Department and Richland County Coroner's Office have both labeled the death 'suspicious'. Responding the Terreni's death, the fraternity's national office released a statement saying the USC chapter had been placed on leave pending the investigation. It said: 'The fraternity’s thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man and the brothers of Xi Chapter'. A spokesman for USC added: 'There are a lot of rumors out there about the circumstances surrounding the death but at this point the matter remains under investigation.' 'While we await further information we are focused on helping our community grieve and heal.' This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week. Last Friday, the University of Connecticut chapter lost recognition for hazing members, providing alcohol to underage students and harassing women. Pi Kappa Alpha was founded in 1868 at the University of Virginia and has now grown to include some 220 groups across the U.S. and Canada. The house has been plagued by controversy before. In November 2012, a 19-year-old student at Northern Illinois University died after a night of heavy drinking. Five frat members were charged with felonies for hazing and the chapter was suspended indefinitely. That same year, the University of Tennessee, Knoxville chapter was suspended indefinitely when a 20-year-old member was hospitalized for reportedly ingesting wine through his anus.^Charles Terreni, 18, was found dead March 18 at a frat house in Columbia . Terreni was a USC freshman and a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha house . Coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning . Toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 . Neighbors said there was a large party; a beer keg was still visible outside .
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen . A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes, as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop. Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels, who are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government. Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, the Saudi King Abdullah's nephew, has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh, the Saudi Arabian capital, a free Bentley. Prince Talal, who owns $300 million stake in Twitter, apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted, the International Business Times reported. He wrote: 'To recognise the one hundred participating Saudi pilots I am pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars,' On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids, which have killed at least 944 people and wounded around 3,480, had been successful and they were to focus on finding a political solution instead. But the raids appeared to have resumed by Wednesday, with fighting taking place in Taez. Dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed. Bin Talal, 60, is the grandson of Saudi Arabia's founder Ibn Saud and one of the richest men ion the world. He has an estimated fortune of $23 billion and investments in London's Savoy Hotel, Apple, Citigroup and News Corp. He has previously gifted 25 Bentleys to members of a Saudi football team and in 2013 threatened to boycott Forbes magazine for underestimating his wealth and saying he was only in 26th place in a list of the world's richest. Almost 1,000 people are thought to have been killed during four weeks of air strikes by Saudi Arabian forces . The Prince, who is a billionaire, has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a Bentley . His comments were met with criticism on Twitter, as well as supporters of those in Yemen who have been killed in the month long airstrikes. Saudi forces began its military campaign, called Operation Decisive Storm, on March 26. They were launched to stop the advancement of Shiite Houthi rebels who had previously overthrown the Saudi-backed government and ousted President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi. Saudi Arabian forces pledged that air strikes which destroyed areas of Sanaa would stop on Tuesday, but they appeared to resume again on Wednesday following advances by rebels on the ground in Yemen . After four weeks Hadi had still not be reinstated and the rebels still retain control of the capital Sanai. The Saudis announced yesterday an end to the 'successful' Operation Decisive Storm and that they would be moving to a new operation, dubbed 'Restoring Hope.' This is to focus on security and counter terrorism and was said to involve a downscaling of military activity. However the Saudi-led coalition had warned it stood ready to counter against any advance by the rebels - and appeared to take action today as fighting resumed in the second city of Aden as well as Taez. In Taez, the rebels took advantage of the lull in air strikes to overrun the headquarters of the 35th Armoured Brigade, loyal to Hadi,  an army officer said. The conflict has created severe shortages of food and other supplies by closing sea and airports.^Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces a month ago against rebels . Saudi forces have focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen . Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings . He made pledge on Wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume, despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
A shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. Brawl: The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . Targeted: They then pull them to the ground and punch them. Other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station . The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks, with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation. As a train pulls up, both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage. Witnesses tried to intervene, but couldn't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters. About a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl. The victims were allegedly followed into the station from the street. As they got onto the platform, someone pointed them out with a signal. Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority Police Chief Thomas J. Nestel III told Philly.com: 'It’s an outrageous event. This is so dangerous, it’s not even funny. We have operating trains down there. There are passengers waiting for the train... it’s horrendous. 'We've identified some potential aggressors. There is a criminal investigation with the school district," Nestel said. "The message that we're trying to get out is if you act up on SEPTA, we're going to have a picture of your face and we're sharing it with the school district. School district spokesman Fernando Gallard also told the news website those involved could be expelled or face serious disciplinary action. 'What we have seen is a brutal violent attack that could that could have ended with a loss of life.' SEPTA detectives are said to have spoken to the two boys who were victims in the attack. Dangerous: At one point the fight spills onto the tracks when one of the suspected attackers falls onto the line . Brutal: One youngster is seen stamping on the head of one of the victims behind a subway map . Bystanders: The fight continues as the train pulls into the station. Some witnesses do their best to intervene but fail to break the mob up . Gone: Police officers and station staff try to search for the assailants who have all boarded the train .^Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV . Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School . At one point an attacker falls onto the tracks, but manages to get back up . After the confrontation, the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
On Sunday, 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon. For one couple however, these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route. Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other, whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. Fitness fans Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the London Marathon . Unfortunately Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day. The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti. Speaking on Sunday, 34-year-old Laura said: 'It has been an absolutely incredible day, the atmosphere has been electric and to be able to share it all with our family and friends has made it really special. 'We’ve done so much training together that I found running the first half on my own a bit strange but it made our reunion even more meaningful. The last leg was definitely tough but I think we were both so euphoric and had such great support from the crowds that we were carried round.' Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . After a wash, brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception, pictured . Paul added: 'It has been such an emotional day and I’m overjoyed to be married to Laura. 'The last few miles were tough going but having my wife by my side certainly helped. I’m hoping the combined adrenaline rush of getting married and completing a marathon will give us enough energy to get through the evening and celebrate in style. However I think we are going to have to take it steady on the champagne!' Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests. They then completed the run together. After a wash, brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception. Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests. They finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 . For the marathon, the pair wore specially crafted outfits handmade by the bride and her mother, which combined traditional wedding attire with a more practical and comfortable design and materials suitable for running. A spokesperson for Cancer Research UK, said 'It’s been an exciting day for Laura and Paul. Not only have they got married but they have run the Marathon as part of our biggest ever team. It’s thanks to the incredible support from people like them that we can make progress in the fight against cancer. 'We wish them all the best for their future together and if you feel inspired by Laura and Paul why not take part in one of our others sports events - you don’t need to do 26 miles to help beat cancer sooner.'^Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round at St Katharine Docks . Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests . Pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti . Returned to scene of ceremony for party later on . Raised £7,000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul's father .
For most people, spotting a Google Street View car is an interesting, if uneventful, point in the day. But for Nasr Bitar, it was his time to shine. The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn and  began following in his own vehicle. His plan? To get the all important 'selfie' - and make an appearance on the Street View map. 'Time to shine': Nasr Bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with Google Street View as a chance to 'shine' Tracked: It was the first time Nasr had seen a Street View car, and he followed it in his own vehicle . Having figured out the pattern the Street View car was following, Nasr parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap. He told PetaPixel.com: 'I was driving home when I saw the Google car drive towards me. 'I had never seen one before, and it took me a few minutes to realize that it is Google car and it was time to shine.' But then came the wait to see if he would make it onto the site. So, imagine Nasr's delight when he realised Street View had been updated - and he could be seen proudly taking his selfie. Ready to go: The car clearly captured Nasr waiting to take the all-important selfie in Mississauga, Canada . Viral: The image of his selfie, and the Street View shot, has now been shared almost 2.9million times . He then uploaded the picture to his Instagram account - where he describes himself as 'a tourist of the world', with the hashtag 'DontYouWishYouHadMyLife'. It was then uploaded to image sharing website imgur, and has now been viewed almost 2.9million times since it was posted two days ago.^Nasr Bitar  spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn . Decided it was 'his time to shine' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie . Sensing the perfect moment, he got out and took the snap in Mississauga . Picture of Nasr's selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9million times .
Rory McIlroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the Masters. The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era, those being Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Ben Hogan, Gary Player and Gene Sarazen. Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters in Augusta . McIlroy was all smiles with his caddy Niall Horan of One Direction during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . A win for McIlroy on the hallowed grounds at the Augusta National this week would also be the third major he has won in a row after his success at The Open and the USPGA Championship towards the back end of 2014. The 25-year-old looked in good spirits on Wednesday when he was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan and shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest. As Rory commences his quest for glory, we look at how he can Master Augusta...^Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta . The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia . McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year . One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday's Par-3 Contest .
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'. Higginbotham and his Black Cats team-mates were about to take on Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season when Keane sat them down in the home changing room at the Stadium of Light. But instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former Manchester United midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk. Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane (left) looks frustrated during his country's draw with Poland . Keane watches his Sunderland players in action against Aston Villa after delivering his 'bizarre' team talk . Danny Higginbotham (right) gave struggling Sunderland the lead during the game on December 15, 2007 . In his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog: My Life Inside Football, Higginbotham - who scored in Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Villa that day - describes Keane's attempt to motivate his players. '''Listen lads,' he said. 'Basically you're s***. Try and enjoy the game. You're probably going to get beat. But just enjoy being s***." 'Then he just walked out. Those words have got to be insulting to any professional, no matter who they come from, and I'll admit it served as the perfect motivation to get out there and prove him wrong. I scored after 10 minutes and we were leading at half-time. We ended up drawing.' Higginbotham also reveals how Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates instead of getting behind them. Aston Villa winger Shaun Maloney (right) scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors . Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff after leaving his role at Aston Villa earlier this season . Higginbotham (right), pictured in action against Manchester City, played under Keane for a season . Referring to a talk with Keane, Higginbotham writes: '''Danny, all I'm f****** hearing from you when I'm watching that game yesterday is f****** encouragement. That's all I'm hearing." I thought, well, that's not so bad. "I don't f****** want that. I want you to tell some of them they're being c****. Tell them.''' Despite a 2-0 loss away at Bolton in the season's penultimate game, Sunderland secured their Premier League safety with a match to spare. But although he had helped ensure another year in England's top-flight, Keane was in no mood to praise his players after their defeat against Gary Megson's side. Higginbotham (left) now works as a pundit after hanging up his boots in January, 2014 . Reliving his manager's post-match team talk, Higginbotham writes: '''You're the reason I'm driving up and down the f****** country to find another player, you're not f****** good enough," he yells at one player. '"Your attitude is s***. You're not good enough," he bawls at others. '"Next week we've got our last home game, against Arsenal. You know at the end of the season when you walk around the pitch, thank the fans for their support? I'm ringing Umbro and getting you some hooded jumpers, because you're a f****** embarrassment, it's a joke and this is not going to stay this way."'^Danny Higginbotham covers his time under Roy Keane in his new book . He played for Keane's Sunderland during the 2007-08 season . Keane told his players 'basically you're s***' before a game with Aston Villa . He also told one player he was 'not f****** good enough' to play for the club .
A four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for £2,200 has been verified as once belonging to King Henry VII – and it could now be worth millions. The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester, by builders who were renovating the property. Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers. The four-poster oak wood bed (above), which was dumped in the car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £2,200, has now been confirmed by DNA as once belonging to King Henry VII . The intricately-carved bed was left in the car park of the former hotel by builders who were renovating the property and, oblivious to its true value and historical significance,  left it to be picked up by auctioneers . It was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted the item, which was listed as 19th-century gothic revival, on the internet. However, he was shocked when his new 'Victorian' purchase arrived and approached TV historian Jonathan Foyle with a suspicion that the bed was, in fact, the only surviving Tudor bed. Since then, Mr Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII. He said tests confirmed it was European oak and of a sub-species 'typical of the origin of the finest, slow-grown oak imported by the medieval elites', with analysis of the historic paintwork proving its age. 'Under the varnish, traces of late medieval decoration have been found,' he said. He has traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family, who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485. Mr Foyle said DNA from the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII (pictured) and he traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire.  Henry VIII may have been conceived in the bed . The bed was snapped up by Ian Coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland, for £2,200 in 2010 after it was dumped in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester (above) TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved the medieval furniture once belonged to King Henry VII . He also discovered that the bed features an inscription from the Matthew Bible of 1537 - reading: 'The stinge of death is sinne. The strength of sinne is the lawe' - which was added after 1547, when England had a Protestant monarch. The carving also features biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary and the figures are accompanied by medieval symbols of fertility, such as acorns, bunches of grapes and strawberries. Meanwhile, scribblings in a Victorian furniture restorer's diary suggested that the bed was at Lathom when it was damaged during a siege in 1644. Mr Foyle said he had proved that the item was not the work of Victorian revivalists by reflecting on the Tudors' belief that they had been chosen by God to save England from civil war. The bed features an inscription from the Matthew Bible of 1537 - reading: 'The stinge of death is sinne. The strength of sinne is the lawe' - which was added after 1547, when England had a Protestant monarch . The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary and the figures of medieval symbols of fertility . He said the headboard showed Henry VII and his bride as Adam and Eve transmuted into Christ - adding: 'It's arguably the cradle of the English Reformation. Henry VIII may have been conceived in bed . The carved four-poster bed, which has been revealed as Henry VIIs, was reportedly created for the marriage of the first Tudor King and his wife, Elizabeth of York, on January 18, 1486. It is highly likely that the couple's son, Henry, was conceived in the bed - meaning the item may have a physical link to the beginning of the Tudor dynasty. Born at Greenwich Palace in 1491, Henry VIII was the third child and second son of Henry VII and his wife. Only three of his six siblings survived infancy - and he succeeded his father as king following his death on 22 April, 1509. Under Henry VIII's reign, England turned in favour of Protestantism and split from Rome, the Royal Navy built up a fleet of about 50 ships and the country invaded France. Jonathan Foyle, chief executive of World Monuments Fund Britain, said: 'This bed belonged to Henry VIII. It has to be the most important piece of furniture [in England' - and arguably, royal artefact.' He added: 'Even the Westminster coronation chair has less to say than this.' Experts believe Henry VII may have taken the bed north while on a royal tour following the birth of his son. 'Look how the king and queen represent themselves as manifestations of Christ and Mary; it's Henry VIII's God complex in a nutshell.' Dr Foyle described the 15th Century artefact, which is considered one of the most valuable pieces of historical furniture in England, as 'a complete national treasure'. He added: 'Evidence suggests the bed was made for the Painted Chamber of Westminster Palace for the marriage ceremony at Westminster Abbey on January 18, 1486.' Mr Foyle is backed by other experts, such as Diarmaid MacCulloch, professor of the history of the church at Oxford University, who described the rediscovery as 'exceptionally important'. The medieval bed is now reportedly worth up to £20million, although it is currently not up for sale and is instead on public display. It is part of the 'A Bed of Roses' exhibition at the childhood home of Anne Boleyn, Henry VIII's second wife, at Hever Castle in Kent which also features a portrait of Henry VIII as a young man. The bed is not the only historical royal artefact to have been discovered abandoned or hidden in England. In 2013, the battle-scarred skeleton of Richard III was discovered by archaeologists in a car park in Leicester. Meanwhile, in December of the same year, archaeologists uncovered a site in the Amazonian jungle believed to be the tomb of Atahualpa, the last emporer of the Incas. And last year, explorers found a piece of a pelvis that could belong to Alfred the Great in the grounds of Hyde Abbey in Winchester. Henry VII's four-poster bed will remain on display in the Long Gallery at Hever Castle in Kent until November 22.^Four-poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for £2,200 . Owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating . Historian now claims DNA from the timber proves it belonged to Henry VII . Ornate bed, now on display, was made for King and wife Elizabeth of York .
(CNN)On the surface, the mix-up seems incomprehensible: How can a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man? That's apparently what happened in Tulsa, Oklahoma, when a 73-year-old reserve deputy, Robert Bates, killed Eric Harris. Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. "Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Bates said in a video of the shooting. But it's happened before. In a well-publicized 2009 case, a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser, killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland, California. The former officer, Johannes Mehserle, testified that he had meant to use his Taser but drew his gun instead. Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct. So how easy -- or hard -- is it to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of a Taser? Here are some factors to consider: . Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body, and the Taser should be placed on the nondominant side. So if an officer is left-handed, the gun should be on the left side. Bates' attorney said his client is left-handed. But the reserve deputy said his gun was holstered on his right side -- his nondominanant side. "I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed," Bates said in a written statement to investigators. After Bates announced at the scene he was going to use his Taser, he "used his nondominant hand, and it was the gun," said Clark Brewster, Bates' attorney. "He said that he saw the laser sight on the shoulder, assumed it was the Taser," Brewster said. "Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight, and he just made a mistake." Brewster also said his client's left hand was holding a pepper gun. In his statement to investigators, Bates said he had grabbed a "pepper ball launcher" to try to slow or stop Harris, who was running away. Bates did not say explicitly where the Taser was on his body. But he admitted to grabbing the wrong device and said he was "startled" by the recoil of the gun. "After realizing what had happened I was in a state of shock and disbelief," he told investigators. Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter. If convicted, he faces up to four years in prison. Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in . Bates was carrying his personal gun, a Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolver, and a Model X26 Taser, he said in his statement to investigators. Attorneys representing the Harris family said there are stark differences between the two devices. One held up a small black .357 revolver, followed by a mostly bright yellow Taser that was noticeably larger than the gun. "There's no way an officer can get this confused with this," said one of the attorneys from the law firm of Smolen, Smolen & Roytman. Taser's X26 model comes in different designs. Some are mostly yellow, while others are mostly black with a yellow panel in the middle. But all appear to be larger than Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolvers. Sgt. Jim Clark of the Tulsa Police Department -- which is separate from the county sheriff's office for which Bates volunteered -- said Bates was the "victim" of something called "slip and capture." That's when a person intends to do one thing but instead does another in a high-stress situation. But a criminal justice expert told CNN the claim amounts to "junk science." "There's no peer-reviewed articles that would support this. ... It's not generally accepted by the scientific community," said Phil Stinson, an assistant professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University. "So it's something that in most courts would not be admissible as evidence." An attorney for the Harris family said the "slip and capture" theory hasn't held up in court. "The only time slip and capture has ever been used as a defense was in the shooting in Oakland (of Oscar Grant)," the attorney said. And that defense failed. Tasers are built to feel and look different than guns, according to Taser International. Steve Tuttle, vice president for strategic communications at Taser, noted some of those differences to CNN: A gun is heavier. A Taser has a different grip and feel. When you take the safety off on a Taser, an LED control panel lights up. There's more: Tasers can be different colors (yellow or black), and the holster is different from a gun's. But in the field, where an officer reacts on instinct, there are other distinctions outside of the product itself that are important, Tuttle said. Taser's training calls for the stun gun to be placed on an officer's nondominant side, as law enforcement experts say. And its training suggests that officers shout aloud, "Taser! Taser! Taser!" as they prepare to deploy it. These guidelines are designed so that in the moment -- when an officer's muscle memory kicks in -- the body reflexively knows which weapon it is reaching for. It is up to each law enforcement department, however, in how it trains personnel and what regulations it requires as far as placement on the body. The company declined to comment on the Tulsa shooting in particular. The stun guns, or conducted electrical weapons, manufactured by Taser have been used more than 2.7 million times, Tuttle said, and are designed to be used in situations that are not considered life or death. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet, Brooke Baldwin, Ed Lavandera and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.^Attorney: Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it . Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used . In 2009, an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted  from the Coachella music festival over the weekend. The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. Scroll down for video... Off-stage drama: Justin Bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the Coachella music festival on Sunday after trying to gain entry to Drake's gig, pictured here at the event on Friday . The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig. They showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to the report. Eyewitnesses told TMZ that Bieber argued with security and said he couldn't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave. Pictured: Justin Bieber is shown being approached by the security guard at Coachella . Not getting in: Bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch Drake's performance on Sunday . Chokehold: The scuffle between security and Bieber was caught on camera by a festival go-er . Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground, according to the article. A staffer at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at that point came up to Bieber and said she would escort him inside the artist's area. What he missed: Drake performed with Madonna, seen here wiping his mouth after she surprised him with an onstage kiss . She grabbed Bieber by the arm and was walking the singer and his bodyguards inside, when festival security came up from behind and allegedly put Bieber in a chokehold. Bieber's team tangled with security and the singer was then ordered to leave the festival. Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards. Good times: Justin is shown on Saturday with Kendall Jenner at the star-studded music festival . Time to leave? Bieber and Kendall are pictured on Saturday, before the drama kicked off on Sunday night at Coachella . Jen's Pirate Booty La Vie Off-the-Shoulder Crop Top at Nasty Gal . Crop it like it's hot . Visit site . Coachella seems to be the one place where Kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting; she just wants to fit in with her Jenner-ation! The catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion, and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual LA music festival. Take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits, tied together with a statement waist belt. The top is by Jen’s Pirate Booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes. Styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals, this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it. And the best part is that it's attainable for us mere mortals; it's only $88 at Nasty Gal, so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out. She's a normal teen at heart! If you want to emulate Kendall's look for even less, take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of Charlotte Russe, Guess, and more. re:named Solid Off Shoulder Crop Top . Visit site . Charlotte Russe Chevron Off-The-Shoulder Top . Visit site . Guess Off-The-Shoulder Eyelet Top at Bloomingdale's . Visit site . Free People Willow Crop Top . Visit site . Party time: Justin was spotted heading into an Neon Carnival after party on the second day of the music festiva . Troublemakers: Justin was also seen hanging out with Chris Brown at the NYLON party on Friday . The altercation meant that Bieber missed Drake's set - that featured a surprise performance from Madonna. While on stage, Madonna kissed the rapper and his less-than-impressed reaction was caught on camera. Bieber had been spotted on Friday and Saturday at the outdoor music festival. Just landed: Justin on Monday shared an Instagram snap with the caption saying he just arrived in Europe . Lost his temper: Justin is shown in March 2013 as he tussled with paparazzi in London . He was hanging out on Friday night with Kendall Jenner, 19, at a party at Beacher's Madhouse. The Baby singer on Saturday night took in the music with her yonger sister Kylie, 17, and other members of their entourage. Bieber shared an Instagram snap on Monday showing himself on the staircase of a parked jet  and writing in the caption that he just landed in Europe. Here comes trouble: Bieber had been partying at the popular music festival over the weekend, seen here on Friday . Partying: Justin had been enjoying the music festival with Kendall and Kylie Jenner . Bond: Justin and Kendall appeared to very close throughout the festival (pictured above at the Bootsy Bellows Estate sponsored by McDonald's & Chevrolet) Saying their prayers: Justin and his pal also posted this shot from the festival before it all kicked off .^Singer arrived at artists' entrance to gain entry to Drake's gig . Security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission . A row erupted and a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into the gig . But festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association but it is as chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered. Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware. Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter passed away on Thursday. He was 87 . Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association . 'Everton Football Club is deeply saddened to announce that Sir Philip Carter has passed away,' read an Everton statement. 'Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness. 'He served Everton with immense distinction over three spells. 'At this time it would be appreciated if everyone can please respect the family's wish for privacy.' Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip, who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008. Bill Kenwright said Carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for . 'Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian,' Kenwright said. 'Sir Philip was simply a giant...a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for. I never once met him without calling him Chairman. I never will. 'That title was his by right. He will always have a major place in our great club's history. To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life.' Bill Kenwright, Chairman of Everton Football Club, said: 'Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian. Sir Philip was simply a giant...a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for. I never once met him without calling him Chairman. I never will. That title was his by right. He will always have a major place in our great club's history. To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life.' Roberto Martinez, Manager of Everton Football Club, said: 'This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian. Sir Philip was an incredible custodian of the Club, a pure gentleman and a man I feel really fortunate to have met, for I learnt much about the essence of Everton from him. From my earliest days here, I was able to sit down and chat with Sir Philip at Finch Farm. He was generous with his time and with his recollection of so many of the experiences he went through as Chairman. Some of those moments had been extremely difficult but, ultimately, his guiding hand contributed to some of the Club's greatest successes and, for me personally, the conversations we shared will always give me guidance in terms of the future that we are trying to build for Everton. 'As a man, he was an example for every Evertonian. He took pride in all aspects of our Club, he loved the community in which we are rooted and he was an Evertonian through and through. I got a real sense and understanding of Everton from the time I was able to spend with him and I am especially grateful for this. He will forever be part of the history of this great Club.' Robert Elstone, Chief Executive of Everton Football Club, said: 'In the last few hours, the world of football has been moved to express great sadness, great admiration and, above all else, great respect for Sir Philip Carter. In such a short space of time, the number of people who have been moved to contact me, and the Club, and the depth of feelings expressed, sums up the great man. One text reads, "true gentlemen and the perfect embodiment of the values of Everton". They are right. 'Sir Philip was part of a small family of highly respected and universally loved 'football men'; a man who shaped the Game, a man who shaped Everton, and a man who, over the past year, almost everyone I have met has asked about. 'On a personal level, he was a mentor, a confidant, a voice of reason but more than all of that, with his amazing wife, a great friend. Sir Philip left a lasting impression on anyone who entered the Everton Boardroom. He will leave one on me.' Denise Barrett-Baxendale, Chief Executive of Everton In The Community and Deputy Chief Executive of Everton Football Club, said: 'Today is an unbelievably sad day for everybody at Everton Football Club and for everybody at Everton In The Community. Sir Philip was the ultimate community man - a gentleman, a people's man, someone with wisdom, character, distinction and strong, abiding principles. What he did for this Club, this city, this community, this country has left a lasting legacy. But today we feel bereft. Our thoughts are with his family - the incredible Lady Rita, his children and grandchildren. We are all devastated by his passing.'^Sir Philip Carter died at his home on Thursday morning after a short illness . Carter served Everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 . Toffees chairman Bill Kenwright pays tribute to a 'great man and leader'
These two Australian dogs have got talent! A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. Scroll down for video . Here we go! Border collie Ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer Dai Aoki's lap . Don't forget about me! Soon, Holly the border collie hops onto Aoki's legs . The brief clip, set to  'Les Toreadors' from 'Carmen,' first shows a man, identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki, lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap. Soon, Aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old Holly hops on. Once Holly is up, Aoki stretches his hands up toward the sky. Soon enough, Holly and Ace stand up solely on their hind legs - and hold the pose for several seconds. This isn't the first time the dogs have shown off their skills. Aoki's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly doing tricks. Aoki also works as a dog trainer, and runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care. Neat trick: The trio are seen performing their stunt together . Ta-da! Holly and Ace finish the trick by standing on their hind legs . Family: Ace (far left) and Holly (far right) are seen with their owner and trainer, Dai Aoki. Aoki runs the Waterloo, Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care . Puppy Tales pointed out that the TV show 'The Living Room' deemed Ace Australia's Smartest Dog in 2014. Aoki told the website in January 2015: 'I only use positive reinforcement in the training that I do. 'And, equally importantly, I always have fun with my dogs. 'I actually don’t really use the word "training" – we are just having a good time together and learning new things.' Aoki also told Puppy Tales: 'I have had a few dogs in my life and I have never learned properly about dog training. 'With Holly and Ace, I wanted to spend quality time with them and have happy long lives together, so I undertook a course on Canine behaviour.' 'The most important things in training your dogs are consistency, patience, respect and love,' Aoki revealed to the website. Skilled: Aoki's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly performing tricks .^Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a gravity-defying feat together . The two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer Dai Aoki . They have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing. Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. 'I've gotten bullied because of it and I get people all the time, staring and so it's definitely made things difficult in my life,' Dayna told Daily Mail Online. Scroll down for video . Challenging: Dayna Dobias, 18, is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry . Her hope is that the video not only entertains, but inspires others to think before judging. The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities. 'People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' she added. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently.' This is one of several videos that Dayna has created. Last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off. Inspirational: The Illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . Don't judge: People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' Dayna says . 'People like to define me based on disability. People just look at me and think, oh that's just the girl with cerebral palsy,' she said. 'I would like people to look past that and be like, oh she's just one of us.' Dayna says she wanted to turn any negativity that might be held over her disability into something positive and hopefully inspire others, or at the very least raise a smile. 'When I was first diagnosed with cerebral palsy, doctors warned my parents that I may never walk, but here I am dancing! I drive, I go to college, I do things like every other 19-year-old,' she says. The teen has now begun to do some motivational speaking at a couple of local schools. Confident: Dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the Chicago area .^Dayna Dobias, 19, has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk . She loves TV, film and fashion, and says she’s not happy with how people with disabilities are represented . The teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. With plenty at stake for both United and City – both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League – some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub. However, the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears. Police say they have no objections to Sunday's Manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon . Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side. 'We have not objected to the 4pm kick-off time at all,' he told Sportsmail. 'That 4pm has been agreed is testament to the excellent behaviour of the overwhelming majority of fans who have attended previous derby fixtures. 'It is the positive behaviour of both sets of fans at previous derby fixtures that means we feel confident this Sunday’s fixture will continue that tradition of the fixture being a safe and enjoyable one.' Rio Ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the Manchester derby in December 2012 . In February, Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match, which was also televised, was chosen for a 5.30pm start although they later withdrew their objection. Police in Manchester have met representatives from supporters groups representing each club and agreed a series of measures. Inside the ground fans in and close to the away end will be limited to two drinks every time they visit the bar. No street drinking will be allowed while police will also be searching supporters and keeping an eye out for pyrotechnics. GMP also say they have no intention to hold back City supporters at the final whistle but add that this could be reviewed on the day. Footage on You Tube showed the unrest when United played City in a late kick-off at Wembley in 2011 . City won that FA Cup semi-final, but 34 arrests were made due to crowd trouble outside the stadium . The last time United and City met in a late kick-off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011. That clash, won by City 1-0, started at 5.15pm and was marred by a series of skirmishes on Wembley Way and on coach parks close to the stadium with 34 arrests made amid scenes some fans described as 'a free for all'. The last late afternoon kick-off in Manchester was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004. After November's derby at the Etihad Stadium, won 1-0 by City, video footage captured dozens of fans fighting outside a nearby pub around 90 minutes after the final whistle. In April 2012, Vincent Kompany's header settled the derby in a match that was played on a Monday night at the Etihad Stadium.^Manchester United take on Manchester City on Sunday . Match will begin at 4pm local time at United's Old Trafford home . Police have no objections to kick-off being so late in the afternoon . Last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the Manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at Wembley in 2011 FA Cup semi-final .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday, accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. 'Everyone saw what happened during the Bangladesh-India match ... India has influenced the outcome of the match using its position (in the ICC),' Kamal, a Bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in Australia. 'From now on, I am a former president of the ICC. I would have reacted similarly had it happened to any other country.' Mustafa Kamal, pictured with the Cricket World Cup trophy, has stepped down as ICC President . Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match . Kamal, also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board, criticised the umpires in the quarter-final, and questioned their partiality, over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate.' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst, otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain at the final. Kamal presents India's Virat Kohli with a man of the match award during the 2014 World Twenty20 . 'I told them during the meeting that I did not speak against any particular person or a country. Why should I apologise?,' Kamal said. 'I am the president of the ICC, to whom would I seek apology?' ICC chairman Narayanaswami Srinivasan, of India, handed over the trophy to captain Michael Clarke after Australia defeated New Zealand by seven wickets in Sunday's final in Melbourne.^Kamal criticised umpires' decision to award controversial no-ball against Rohit Sharma in India's World Cup match with Bangladesh . The Bangladeshi president alleged India had used its influence in the ICC . Governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise . But Kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious, says Joe Calzaghe. It is being billed as The Fight of the Century, and is worth at least $180million and $120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively, but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome. 'There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than there will be on Pacquiao,' he told BBC Sport. 'Pacquiao has been beaten so he'll be more relaxed than Mayweather. The "zero" is a massive burden. Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight . Mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on May 2 . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in a bout in Las Vegas that has been billed 'The Fight of the Century' 'I don't think Mayweather was that impressive in his last two defences against Marcos Maidana. He made hard work of those fights. But you can't overlook a guy that's never lost. Mayweather is a fantastic fighter who always finds a way to win so he will be ready for this fight.' Mayweather has an impressive record, winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights, 26 by knockout. His opponent Pacquiao goes into the bout having lost five times in his career, with 57 wins and two draws overall, but Welshman Calzaghe warns Mayweather cannot underestimate his challenger. The Welshman, who is now 43,  retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats. 'Pacquiao can fight and there's always one great fight left in somebody,' Calzaghe added. 'But I think the win will go to Mayweather.' Tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation, and are expected to fetch between $1,500 (£1,000) and $7,500 (£5,000) apiece. Calzaghe takes part in a training session alongside his coach and friend Freddie Roach in Los Angeles . Pacquaio is watched by a crowd as he trains in Los Angeles, but Joe Calzaghe has backed his opponent . Calzaghe, who himself retired undefeated, believes Mayweather will overcome the challenge of Pacquiao .^Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 . Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather's unbeaten record is a burden . Despite that, the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent . READ: Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight . READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
CPRE president Sir Andrew Motion, who is demanding a national clean-up . Council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting Britain. Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation. Last night, former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish. He said: ‘Every day, people tell us that they are disgusted, angry and ashamed of the state of England’s roads. ‘Nobody wants to drive through our beautiful countryside or approach a vibrant city, heralded only by discarded rubbish.’ Although laws to fine people who throw litter from vehicles were now in place, their implementation had been delayed by ‘shameful time-wasting’, Sir Andrew said. ‘Without funding to tackle the problem, I fear our roads will become corridors of waste,’ he added. Highways England – the Government-owned company launched last week to replace the Highways Agency – is required to keep the motorway network clean, but responsibility for clearing A-roads and trunk routes is divided between the agency and councils. Scroll down for video . Peter Silverman, of pressure group Clean Highways, said: ‘Of course safety is paramount but councils are always looking for excuses and this is just the latest. They are shutting their eyes to the problem of litter.’ Roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the UK. Disgrace: Winchester Council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter. Pictured: rubbish beside Crookilley Way, Stockport . Andrew Gwynne, who is standing for re-election as Labour MP in Denton and Reddish in Greater Manchester, said: ‘The Highways Agency is atrocious when it comes to removing rubbish. The worst case I’ve come across is Crookilley Way in Stockport, which is littered with plastic bags and bottles.’ A Highways England spokesman said: ‘Although we spend at least £6 million a year collecting more than 150,000 sacks of litter from England’s motorways, we still find the level of litter unacceptable. We will continue to investigate what more can be done.’ Winchester Council insisted that the HSE had ‘clarified’ last June that litter-picking was covered by the same code of practice that governs employees involved in highway maintenance – requiring a wider separation than was previously the case between workers and passing traffic.^Winchester Council in Hampshire claimed annual clean-up hit by new rules . But the Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation . Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday . Wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next Gordon Ramsay or Jamie Oliver should take note - it doesn't have to cost a fortune. The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood, who won the title last Friday, hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows. He told MailOnline: 'It’s all self-taught. There’s no more to it than that. You can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you’re passionate enough. 'I learnt what I know from reading, websites like YouTube, watching TV and talking to people who are also passionate about it. 'I also found out a lot from watching chefs when I go to a restaurant - you go into a lot of restaurants these days and you can see straight into the kitchen. 'I can’t help it, it’s like watching TV and if it’s happening in front of you, you can’t help but watch what they do.' While Simon, who lives in Oldham,  learns about his cooking from reading and watching programmes, he sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam, 20, Alex, 18, Cameron, 16, and Charlotte, seven. The lucky children are often on the receiving end of their father's culinary masterpieces - in the Wood household lunchboxes can become works of art. He said: 'They only get fancy stuff in their lunch boxes when I’m practising. 'All of my kids like different things, so it can be like a gourmet buffet sometimes when you’re at my house. 'Everyone wants something different, someone wants fish, and someone else wants shellfish - if it’s in the fridge or freezer it’s likely to come out at some point or another. 'They’re not fussy at all though. They’re like me, there’s nothing I don’t like and that has carried on through to them too. It makes life a lot easier.' Scroll down for video . Simon has always wanted to be a chef - when he was eight, he won the opportunity to spend a day in a hotel kitchen and featured in the local newspaper. But he gave up his dream because he and his wife, who he separated from two years ago, had a child very young. The couple met while working at McDonalds and when he was just 19, they had their first child - Liam. Simon as an eight year old after winning the chance to spend a day in a hotel kitchen . The hours that chefs do are notoriously antisocial and so Simon decided to take up a career in IT instead. His children are over the moon that their father is now following his dream though and they watched the Masterchef final on TV together last Friday, when they learnt for the first time that their father had won - because it had to be kept a secret until the programme aired. He said: 'When we watched it together, it was the first time that they found out I had won and it was emotional, it was pretty overwhelming. 'It was a moment in all of our lives that we’ll remember and will treasure and look back on.' Simon has come a long way since the beginning of the show - in the first episode he was so terrified that Greg Wallace, who is one of the judges on the show, pointed out that he was actually 'shaking in his trainers'. Simon said: ' When you first go in there on day one, when you see John and Greg for the first time, they’re practically idols of yours and you’ve not met them before that. 'Then it all starts to get very real very quickly. It’s a daunting prospect that’s in front of you. 'So the next hour and 15 minutes that you get in there can determine the rest of your life really.' But Simon managed to overcome his nerves and was noted as one of the contestants who had grown the most over the course of the show. He won the final with a starter of octopus, with chorizo crisps and a cannellini bean and chorizo salad; his main course was pigeon with carrots, pommes parisienne and a cassis jus; and for the pudding he produced a lemon posset, with citrus tutti-frutti. Simon was noted as one of the contestants who had grown the most over the course of the show . He said: 'You grow so quickly when you’re down there. You get feedback from people that you’d never normally meet and they’re so good at what they do - everyone down there is. 'I got loads of really good feedback down there. I had a really good competition when I found my confidence and got rid of my nerves – I think it showed as well.' For anyone looking to follow Simon's success, he has one simple tip - enjoy it. He said: 'If you don’t enjoy it, it shows in the food that you haven’t made something you believe in or enjoyed making. That comes out on the plate and ultimately for your guests or whoever is eating the meal and that’s no good because food is about passion and giving people a valuable experience. 'If you don’t enjoy it I don’t think your guests will either.' Simon hasn't always been this good, even Masterchef winner's have the occasional cooking disaster. As a young man, he learnt the hazards of absent-minded cooking after he tipped and entire stock he had worked on for hours down the sink. He said: 'My biggest disaster was when I was younger and first started out cooking, I did Christmas dinner for the first time. 'I had a big turkey carcass so thought I was going to make a really nice stock. 'I simmered it for hours and hours and made a really good stock. 'Then I went to drain all of the vegetables and the bones out and ended up pouring it all down the sink because I didn’t put something under it, that was a lesson I learnt really early on – think about what you’re doing. 'I don’t think there is anything I can’t cook though. I think I’ve shown throughout the competition that I’m good with most things that get thrown at me.' Simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own . While he enjoys fancy cooking, one of the simplest culinary pleasures for Simon is a meal that can be rustled up in under ten minutes - a plain omelette. He said: 'The first thing I ever cooked as a child was an omelette. 'And if I'm looking for something quick and easy to do, I still always go back to an omelette and a glass of wine, with a salad. 'Nothing in it, just some sea salt and a really good salad with it, that’s it – done. 'Just nice and simple, good eggs, good omelette.' But anyone looking to sample some of the cooking that netted Simon the Masterchef prize can expect something much more intricate when he succeeds in his dream of opening his own restaurant. For the time being he is going back to the IT company he worked for, but his eye is already on setting up his own eaterie. He said: 'I am definitely planning on having a restaurant eventually – it’s every cook or chef’s dream. 'If you can make money doing something you love and enjoy it and help people create memories then that is amazing. 'I think a lot of people remember where they were when they had a good meal with special people at special times - if you can get involved with that by having a restaurant, it’s really good. 'I think I’d want to do classic dishes with a modern twist. 'Something that looks nice, is achievable. But is also quite opulent and refined and nice. 'Also something that isn’t out of everybody’s reach.'^Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday . Father-of-four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids . The award-winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
With the Premier League season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June. Manchester City's tenacious,  creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent . Goalkeeper - Gerhard Tremmel (Swansea) At 36 years old, he is no spring chicken, but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side. Tremmel has played second fiddle to Michel Vorm and then Lukasz Fabianski during his four years at Swansea, but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the Swans beat Bradford in the Capital One Cup final two years ago. Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups . Right-back - Glen Johnson (Liverpool) England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup is still a regular for Liverpool, but he looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at Anfield this summer. Johnson, who has 54 England caps, is on a bumper deal at the Merseyside club and there seems to be little appetite to keep him on the books. England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool after six years this summer . Centre-back - Kolo Toure (Liverpool) Another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract. Toure kept Cristiano Ronaldo quiet with an excellent display when Real Madrid came to Anfield in November, but the 34-year-old Ivorian lacks consistency and has made some terrible gaffes in his time at the club. Inconsistency has been Kolo Toure's curse - the 34-year-old Ivorian has produced some howlers at Liverpool . Centre-back - Ron Vlaar (Aston Villa) Vlaar performed so well at the World Cup that his omission from the team of the tournament raised a few eyebrows, especially when Thiago Silva was selected ahead of him. Injury has restricted the Dutchman to 16 appearances for Villa this season. At 30, he has at least a couple of years left in him yet and will surely be courted by other top-flight teams. Holland's Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the World Cup but could leave Aston Villa . Left-back - Luke Garbutt (Everton) Everton have been doing everything they can to tie this promising young defender down to a new deal, but he is yet to put pen to paper. The 21-year-old has played nine times for Everton this year and faces a big battle to displace Leighton Baines so he may fancy a challenge elsewhere. Everton want to lock the talented 21-year-old Luke Garbutt down for the long term but he's yet to commit . Right wing - James Milner (Manchester City) Probably the most high-profile free agent available this summer, Milner has 15 years' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 England caps. Milner is both tenacious and creative, either in the centre of midfield or out wide, and he is still a year off his 30th birthday. Milner has 15 years in top flight experience, 53 England caps and still isn't 30, so a great buy for someone . Central midfield - Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) Named Arsenal captain last summer, but Arteta has not played for the Gunners since November due to injury. Hard to see him displacing the in-form Francis Coquelin on his return. May be 33, but still has a good eye for a pass and is also a free-kick specialist. Mikel Arteta hasn't played for Arsenal since November due to injury and will need to displace Francis Coquelin . Central midfield - Tom Cleverley (Manchester United) Named captain for a tour match against Roma last summer, Cleverley clearly thought he had a future under new United manager Louis van Gaal. 'I think I'm going to be his type of player,' he said. But alas, that did not prove to be the case. The 25-year-old was farmed out on loan to Aston Villa, where he has played 30 times. He is not wanted back at United. Villa and Everton are keen to sign the England international. Unwanted by Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley . Left wing - Jonas Gutierrez (Newcastle) Bravely battled back from testicular cancer to return to the Newcastle squad last month, but is no longer wanted by his club. Will be 32 in the summer, but still a good operator and would prove an inspirational figure to younger players around him. Testicular cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will be an important figure somewhere, even if it isn't Newcastle . Striker - Danny Ings (Burnley) One of a number of young English strikers pushing for national selection after scoring nine goals for Burnley this season. Rumoured to be of interest to Manchester United and their neighbours City, as well as David Moyes' Real Sociedad. Manchester United and City are said to be interested in Burnley's dangerous striker Danny Ings . Striker - James Wilson (Manchester United) Promoted to the first-team squad last summer following a fairytale debut under Ryan Giggs against Hull. The 19-year-old has played 16 times under Van Gaal, but has struggled to get on the bench recently and despite rumours of a new deal being close, the United academy product is yet to agree terms. James Wilson, 19, has played 16 times under Louis van Gaal but is now struggling to get on the bench .^Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel in goal behind the Free Agents' 4-4-2 . Glen Johnson, Kolo Toure, Ron Vlaar and Luke Garbutt at the back . James Milner, Mikel Arteta, Tom Cleverley and Jonas Gutierrez in midfield . Burnley's Danny Ings and Manchester United's James Wilson up front .
A high school student and her best friend, who has Down syndrome, have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo, which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message. Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21. 'I just feel like it really shows our friendship to the next level of where it actually is but people might not see behind closed doors,' Mikenzy told WBAY. Scroll down for video . Perfect pair: Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska, who has Down syndrome, spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in Waupaca, Michigan . Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked the image, ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget. After Matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year, he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted. And as his date, she did everything she could to make sure that he had a fantastic night. Before prom, Mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that Matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court. When she learned that his name wasn't included in the junior class ballot, which would elect two boys onto prom court, she took it up with the high school office. And although she was initially told it was too late for Matt to be added to the list, she later learned that there was a new ballot with her friend's name on it. Unforgettable night: Mikenzy, who wore a black mermaid gown, posed with her friends for some pre-prom photos . Strike a pose: Matt, who wore a black tux with a bright red vest, threw his jacket over his shoulder for this snapshot . 'We found out later that week he was elected onto prom court,' Mikenzy's mom Carmen told Yahoo Parenting. 'Mikenzy knew that Matt deserved the chance just like everyone else.' Carmen explained that some of her daughter's 'best times' have been with Matt. 'They see movies, go out for dinner and go to watch high school sporting events together,' she said. Matt and Mikenzy first became fast friends in fifth grade after they were partnered together during a class trip. 'He’s such a positive person,' Mikenzy told WBAY. 'He always has a smile on his face.' Meanwhile, when Matt was asked about Mikenzy, he responded: 'Honestly, I love [her].' Celebration: Mikenzy snapped this selfie while holding a champagne flute . Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities, but noted that wherever she ends up, she and Matt will remain close. 'I think it’ll be a forever friendship,' she told the outlet. And Matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own. The teen, who enjoys bowling, is the team manager for both the boys' hockey team and the girls' soccer team. 'When you have a child that has a disability, they tell you they’re not going to do this, you’re not going to do that,' Matt’s mom Flonnie told WBAY. 'Then you turn around and you watch when they’re growing up.' Good times: Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, threw her arms around Matt and another friend for this snapshot . Feeling excited: When Mikenzy shared this Facbook photo yesterday, she revealed that she and Matt were smiling because they received a special phone call from Ellen, believed to be Ellen DeGeneres .^Michigan high school students Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska who has Down syndrome, made plans to go to their junior prom together last year . For their prom picture, the pair held up a sign which read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' The sign references the fact that people with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . A Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday. Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden. The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check. WKMG reports that an initial investigation determined there was foul play. 'My biggest concern is that he might come back,' said neighbor Natalie Randall, a resident of the Winter Garden RV Resort. An attorney for his estranged wife confirmed Shemansky's failure to appear for the scheduled visit. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce. His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago, according to her attorney, Diana Knowles Dunlop. Neighbors said his mother may have been the one preventing him from making the meeting with his son. Neighbors at the Winter Garden RV Resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed Shemansky over the edge . 'His mom wouldn't allow him to go,' Nathan Tanner told reporters. 'She said because she didn't want him to have no more trouble through the courts.' Tanner added the stress of the divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge. 'And he got some paperwork Friday that was, I guess, bad news and I guess that triggered him,' Tanner told WFTV. Authorities have the murder weapon, still not publicly identified, but will not yet confirm how Sandra Shemansky was killed, according to information given to local press by Police Lt. Scott Allen. He allegedly was seen going into the trailer park's office and asking for a glass of water shortly after the murder. Shemansky was last seen fleeing on foot without any sort of provisions and no medication. His estranged wife is reportedly preparing to protect himself on the chance he arrives at her home. Anyone with information as to his whereabouts is urged to contact authorities at 407-656-3636.^Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son Saturday . That same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden, Florida . Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola's side celebrated a famous win. Muller, 25, netted the fourth goal of Bayern's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Allianz Arena to secure their place in the last four. It was the World Cup winner's 27th Champions League goal, taking him past former Bayern team-mate Mario Gomez and making him the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992. Thomas Muller leads the celebrations with Bayern Munich supporters after the Champions League win . The Germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle . Supporters responded to Muller's chants as they celebrated the win against Porto on Tuesday night . Muller lets out a cry as the supporters joined in behind him after Bayern Munich reached the last four . 1. Thomas Muller - 27 . 2. Mario Gomez - 26 . 3. Michael Ballack - 16 . 4. Miroslav Klose - 14 . 5. Carsten Jancker - 13 . It was a night to savour in Bavaria as the home side blitzed their Portuguese opposition, who had sprung a surprise in the first leg by inflicting a 3-1 defeat on the Bundesliga champions. But five first-half goals by Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Robert Lewandowski (two) and Muller ensured Bayern's safe passage into the semi-final. And after the match the Bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters behind the goal. As the squad lined up linking arms in the penalty area Muller scaled the fence to reach the first row of fans, and with a megaphone in hand stirred up a frenzy as he led the chants. The supporters followed before Muller climbed down to join the rest of the team as they danced on the pitch while fans sung in celebration. The supporters look down at Muller as he leads the celebrations after a convincing Bayern win . Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League during Bayern's 6-1 win at the Allianz Arena . The World Cup winner's deflected shot squirmed past the wrong-footed Fabiano in the Porto goal . After watching his side storm into the semi-final, Bayern boss Guardiola hailed his players for their first-half performance. 'It's easy to love my players now,' said Guardiola. 'I am the coach of extraordinary players. I didn't expect such a first half. 'We can still play better,' he added. 'We lost the ball here and there and we can improve on that. We had a few problems in the second half. 'They had only a few chances but you should never relax in the Champions League.'^Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday . Pep Guardiola's side progressed 7-4 on aggregate to reach semi-finals . Thomas Muller scored 27th Champions League goal to pass Mario Gomez . Muller is now the leading German scorer in the competition . After game Muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone .
A Sicilian Mafia fugitive dubbed the Godfather of Uxbridge who was set to be extradited to Italy will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped. Domenico Rancadore, who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence. But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. Sentence dropped: Domenico Rancadore (right and left) fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a 'man of honour' Although his conviction remains intact, Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed. The case will still have to be heard by the Italian Supreme Court, according to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). Rancadore's solicitor, Karen Todner said: 'Yesterday the Italian Court of Appeal agreed to extinguish the conviction of Domenico Rancadore on the basis that the conviction is too old to sustain a prison sentence. 'I am therefore confident that the Italian government will now withdraw their application for a European Arrest Warrant and that Mr Rancadore will be discharged from these proceedings. 'There has been a long and unhappy history of these proceedings and I am delighted Mr Rancadore will now be able to live in peace in England with his wife and family.' Ms Todner said she was waiting for the CPS to sign a consent order so that the court could discharge Rancadore. Once the paperwork is in order, the matter will be listed at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London and a judge will then have to approve it. The Italian mobster does not have to be present when the matter is dealt with in court. Domenico Rancadore, pictured with hiswife Ann last year, will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence dropped . Rancadore was first arrested on a European arrest warrant at his semi-detached London home in August 2013. Although he was never convicted of murder, the Italian authorities wanted him to be returned to the country after he fled in 1995. Known as the Professor, Rancadore was tried in absentia and handed a seven-year prison term for his 'Mafia association'. He was convicted for his role as a 'man of honour', taking bribes from builders in Palermo. During protracted extradition proceedings at Westminster Magistrates' Court, District Judge Howard Riddle reversed his initial decision over concerns that Italian prison conditions would breach his human rights because he has a serious heart condition. In his judgment, Judge Riddle said: 'I am satisfied that, even without the assurance, there is no real risk that by returning this defendant to Italy he will suffer inhuman or degrading treatment.' Before his arrest in 2013, the Mafia don spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house surrounded by a fence and large hedge, obscured from view. He claimed he had changed his name to escape the notoriety associated with his father, Giuseppe. Rancadore's father was imprisoned in 1987 as part of the maxi trial which saw 475 Mafiosi indicted. Before his arrest in 2013, Rancadore spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house in Uxbridge . There was an angry reaction from legal experts to the amount of time and money that had gone into Rancadore's case. Extradition expert Edward Grange tweeted: 'What a waste of time and money. After two sets of proceedings, Italy no longer seeks extradition of Rancadore.' Mr Grange, who is vice-chair of the Extradition Lawyers' Association, said: 'The purpose of the extradition request was for Rancadore to be returned in order to serve a sentence of imprisonment. 'It transpires that as of October last year the Italians could not actually legally enforce that sentence. 'So certainly from October onwards you would have thought that there would have been some communication from the Italian authorities saying: "Hang on, we may have a problem here and we may not be able to continue with the extradition request". 'Courts proceed on the basis of mutual trust and recognition, that is what we are told throughout in relation to the extradition and European arrest warrant scheme. 'It is something that is designed to be swift and quick and courts are supposed to trust what courts in the requesting state are saying. 'Had the Italians said in October we cannot legally enforce this sentence and we therefore have to withdraw the European arrest warrant, I'm sure our court would have encouraged them to do so as quickly as possible.' Domenico Rancadore, who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra . Asked about the costs of this kind of extradition process, Mr Grange said they were likely to be in the 'single-figure thousands rather than anything dramatic'. Barrister Philip Marshall QC said: 'Yet more incompetence by the CPS in the Rancadore case (allegedly): his seven-year prison sentence expired in October 2014.' There was no answer when reporters knocked on the door of Rancadore's home in Manor Way, Uxbridge, London today. Curtains were closed in all of the windows of the semi-detached house and a Mercedes car was parked on the driveway. One neighbour claimed she was pleased it appeared he was not being extradited because 'you never know who will move in'. She went on: 'He seems a nice chap and it happened a long time ago.' The neighbour said she last saw Rancadore around two weeks ago and he appeared to be suffering from ill-health. A court sketch of  Domenico Rancadore. Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn . Sharon Walker, who also lives nearby, said: 'They were a normal couple before and I'm sure they will go back to being a normal couple. 'They are very quiet. I would not have said they are the most notorious couple in the street. Also known as Cosa Nostra, which translates as 'Our Thing', the Mafia emerged in Sicily in the mid 19th century and is best described as a loose association of criminal groups sharing a common organisational structure and code of conduct. Groups, often known as families or clans, will claim leadership of an area, usually a town or village, and operate rackets within it, using violence to punish those causing problems to their 'clients' - who may well have been coerced into buying protection. Most of the clans are led by a 'boss' (capofamiglia or rappresentante), who is aided by an underboss (capo bastone or sotto capo) and supervised by one or more advisers (consigliere). Only men are allowed to join the clans, and candidates are not allowed to have any links to lawmen such as police officers or judges. It has been estimated that the Sicilian Mafia costs the region's economy more than €10 billion a year, and that roughly 70 per cent of Sicilian businesses pay some sort of protection money. Politicians have also been accused of using the Mafia to buy votes during elections. The American Mafia arose from offshoots of the Cosa Nostra that emerged in the United States during the late nineteenth century, following waves of emigration from Italy. 'He's very quiet. He always has been, even before it all blew up. They are a very quiet family.' Federico Bianchi, head of press at the Italian Embassy, said: 'When, in March 2014, the District Judge denied the extradition of Mr Rancadore to Italy, the Crown Prosecution Service failed to appeal against his decision in the prescribed terms, for which they issued a formal excuse. 'That is key to the release of Mr Rancadore because that loss of time, which obliged Italy to start the procedures afresh, issuing a new European Arrest Warrant, because that year that was lost gave the possibility for the sentence to expire. 'It gave the possibility to Mr Rancadore's lawyers, who are clever and know the penal code very well, to file an application for the sentence to be declared expired.' Mr Bianchi also denied that the hearing in February had been 'useless' because the sentence had not automatically expired until it was confirmed as such by a court in Palermo on March 25. A CPS spokesman said: 'The Italian Ministry of Justice has confirmed that the decision by the Court of Appeal in Palermo is appealable to the Italian Supreme Court. 'It is inaccurate to suggest that a delay due to administrative errors has had a significant bearing on today's outcome. 'Until the European arrest warrant was officially withdrawn today, the CPS acted on behalf of the Italian authorities in these extradition proceedings and had received no instructions to the contrary.' The CPS admitted it had made a mistake by failing to serve appeal papers to Rancadore's lawyers on time in March last year. At the time, Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders acknowledged that, as a result of the error, it was possible Rancadore would never be extradited to Italy.^Domenico Rancadore given a seven-year sentence by Italian court in 1999 . He was convicted for role as a 'man of honour', taking bribes from builders . In February the Sicilian Mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to Italy . Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired in October last year .
This helpful dog doesn't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before  loading them into the dishwasher. Once he's put an item in the machine, Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner. He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load. Baron was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school. Other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout. He performs a range of moves, including aerobic step exercises and lunges. To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times. Many viewers have applauded the dog's cleaning antics, deeming him 'cute' and adorable'. Clever boy: Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . As his owner stands by the sink, the pup reaches up to grab pots and pans between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher. Step and repeat: Once he's put an item in the machine, Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed . Hard at work: He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .^Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school . To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times . Many viewers have deemed the dog's cleaning antics 'cute' and adorable'
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike. The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross. His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'comfy and good quality, unlike crosses'. Banned: The sports brand features prominently (circled) on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Not allowed: The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonmen . Images of the leaflet banning Nike clothing was shared online by the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who translated it from Arabic. They said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the Greek goddess of the same name and because the word apparently sounds similar to phrases of a sexual nature in Arabic. The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment. This is despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders, Abu Waheeb, is well known for wearing Western sportswear, including items made by Nike and Adidas. The argument that senior ISIS militants still wear Nike products is unlikely to be considered much of a defence for the millions of brutally oppressed citizens living under the rule of the Islamic State. Fashion-conscious: The ban comes despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders, Abu Waheeb, is well known for wearing Western sportswear, including items made by Nike and Adidas . The wearing of Nike products has long been contentious among ISIS jihadis, due to the fact the name was inspired by a Greek goddess and reportedly sound like several words of a sexual nature in Arabic . The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross. His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'comfortable' A recent ban of men wearing jeans - apparently because the clothing 'provokes sexual desire, and shows the attractions of men's body' - has been strictly enforced. In fact some young men seen wearing jeans after the ban was put in place were reportedly told they must exchange their denim products for pyjamas, or face time in prison. As well as products made by Nike, numerous other items of clothing appear on the leaflet. Newly-banned products on the list include anything carrying swear words or sexual phrases. To help non-English speakers recognise the banned terms, the ISIS leaflet helpfully provides a long list of swear words alongside their Arabic translation. Nike did not respond to a request for comment on the ban.^Jihadis face fines, whipping or even jail time for wearing Nike products . Ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a Greek Goddess . Commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic . Those living under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
Lorraine Bracco has revealed that The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted her to play the role of Tony's wife Carmela and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi, his psychiatrist. The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years previously. Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts. Scroll down for video . Revelation: Lorraine Bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of Carmela in The Sopranos and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi . Speaking to Huffington Post Live, Bracco explained how she convinced Chase to change his mind. 'I fell in love with David (Chase) the minute I met him, when I walked into the room. 'I said, 'I like this guy. And I said, 'Look, I don't think I should play Carmela because I did it, I did it in a Scorsese movie, I got an Oscar nomination. 'I really don't think I'm going to bring so much to this for you that I haven't done already,' she told HuffPost Live on Monday. What could have been: Lorraine Bracco wanted to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi (left) but was originally asked by show creator David Chase to play Carmela Soprano. He cast Edie Falco (right) instead . Oscar nominated: Lorraine Bracco starred opposite Ray Liotta in Goodfellas in 1990. The Martin Scorsese mob drama is recognized as one of the greatest movies in that genre . Obviously not wanting to count herself out of what became arguably the best television drama ever made, Bracco asked to play the character of Dr. Melfi instead. 'I said, 'But I really love this script, and I want to play Mefli.' ... And he agreed with me that I'd done it already and it wasn't really incredible creative casting for him. He said, 'You want to play Melfi?' And I said, 'Yeah, I want to play Mefli'' So I left on that, and he gave it to me.' Speaking about the untimely death of James Gandolfini in 2013, Bracco said his passing was devastating and a wake up call. 'Well yea. My parents died nine days apart and then later Jimmy passed and Jimmy is a decade younger than me,' said Bracco to HuffPost Live. Soprano's stars: Edie Falco, James Gandolfini and Lorraine Bracco at the launch of the show's fifth season in New York City in 2005 . 'I always teased him, 'You gotta get rid of that belly' and he would say, 'Oh, it's pure muscle!' said Bracco. 'But yea, it (his death) was devastating. Young man, talented, at the peak of his career. The peak of his life with a beautiful wife and and baby and his son Michael. 'Greatest guy ever. Loving, caring, sweet, funny, jokester'^Lorraine Bracco was asked by The Sopranos creator to be Carmela . The actress turned him down because she played a mobster's wife in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas in 1990 . Convinced showrunner David Chase to let her play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi .
Kevin Carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in Devon after 19 months . A British barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes. Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. Now, after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point. And in the process, he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world. The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday. If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours. Mr Denniss completed his run in 2013. Mr Carr's effort is the first unsupported trip around the world, having relied on the generosity of people he has met on his journey. At the start of March, Mr Carr was seven days behind schedule, but he managed to increase his daily run to 44 miles and is now a day ahead of schedule. During his run, Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries, across Europe, Australia, New Zealand and North and South America. For most of his journey, Mr Carr pushed his tent in front of him in a giant buggy although he was able to ditch that back in Ireland. Mr Carr embarked on his epic journey to raise money for the mental health charity Sane because he has suffered from depression. His goal, as well as raising cash, is to prove that because someone my be sometimes ill, they do not have 'a weak mind'. He told The Independent: 'I have always wanted to see how far I can go. What's the limit to our endurance? I simply want to hold the record as the fastest man around the world. It's the purest test of endurance, the natural limit of planet Earth. 'You simply cannot go further on our world, unless you begin running laps.' Mr Carr ran through Europe, before flying to India and then onto Australia and New Zealand. He then went to Canada and the United States, before crossing Chile and Argentina. Finally he flew into the west coast of Ireland before arriving back in Devon. Mr Carr, pictured, has crossed five continents epic journey, starting in Haytor, on Dartmoor in Devon . During his journey, Mr Carr pushed a cart containing all his belongings including his tent . Mr Carr, pictured, is just hours away from completing his trip in a record time beating the previous holder . He said: 'I've pushed my tired legs through most of Europe, India, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the US. "I'have encountered some pretty scary things along the way, from packs of wild dogs in Romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable. 'Most frightening of all, however, was coming face-to-face with bears in Canada. 'One of the bears stalked and then actively came for me. 'I used the bear bangers that someone had given me and, after three misfires, thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing. 'I've had to endure a lot of suffering too. I had severe heatstroke in India and have twice been hit by cars.' During his trip, Mr Carr, pictured, has been chased by wild dogs and come face-to-face with bears . Mr Carr, pictured, is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .^Kevin Carr set off on his epic journey from Haytor, Dartmoor in July 2013 . He is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip . Mr Carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him . He is set to break the previous record held by an Australian by 24 hours .
Ed Miliband’s US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported £300,000 salary, he has admitted. David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. He has helped refine Mr Miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share. Advisor: David Axelrod (right) masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama (left). They are pictured together in February 2008 on a campaign aircraft in Idaho, nine months before his first win . And he will have been aware of Labour’s eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week. But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK. Asked whether he pays tax in Britain, he told the Daily Telegraph: ‘I don’t do my accounting so I don’t know but I’m not in residence there.’ Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm and that he ‘lives in the US, works in the US and pays taxes in the US’. Hired by the Labour leader: Mr Axelrod (right) has helped refine Ed Miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and also offers advice by phone. Mr Miliband made his crackdown on those do not pay tax on their foreign earnings a key pledge in his manifesto. Some remain ‘non-domiciled’ for tax despite spending most of their time in the UK but others, critics of Mr Miliband have claimed, are genuinely only in the country for short periods. Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns that despite his high salary, Mr Axelrod has been ‘invisible’ ahead of polling day. His biography does not mention his work for Mr Miliband. It is understood that Lynton Crosby, the Conservatives’ Australian election chief, pays full taxes on his earnings in both the UK and Australia, however he is currently working full-time in the UK. David Axelrod: Two presidential triumphs in the US . Behind David Axelrod's self-confessed 'tired and rumpled' appearance lies one of the sharpest political brains of his generation. He won fame in the US after helping to convince Americans to pick their first black president in 2008 and then helped Barack Obama's re-election four years later. But the two presidential triumphs are only the highest profile in a string of Democrat successes that have made the 60-year-old New Yorker a back room political superstar. It began 30 years ago when, fresh from quitting his job as the youngest ever political editor of the Chicago Tribune, he helped oust a three-term Republican senator for Illinois. Three years later, he was a key member of the team that helped re-elect Chicago's first black mayor Harold Washington. But he has not been as successful in Europe. Former Italian prime minister Mario Monti secured only 10.5 per cent of the vote in Italy in 2013 despite the guru's advice.^David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories . He was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband amid great fanfare last year . Revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in UK . Labour confirms it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch. Scroll down for video . HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $99 (£65) to $69 (£45) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast. HBO NOW's official iPhone and iPad app is also rolling out on the App Store today, according to MacRumours, and should become available for all users by the end of the day. After subscribing to HBO NOW through Apple TV or an iOS device, users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix. However, it will only be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms. New York-based HBO, a unit of Time Warner, has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription. New York-based HBO, a unit of Time Warner, has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription until now. The service will be available for iOS devices along with Apple TV set-top box, providing access to shows like Game of Thrones (left) and the Sopranos (right) Price: It available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90). The first month is free for early-bird subscribers. Launch date: Today . Devices:  Apple TV and on Phones and iPads from three months exclusively. it will then move on to other web-based systems. What can you watch? All past, present and future HBO programming. This includes Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, Veep, Silicon Valley and Sex in the City. Where can you watch it? Outside the US, HBO programmes are available through online and pay TV subscription services, such as Sky. The HBO Now service however, is currently only available in the US. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally. With HBO Now, the company is aiming to reach people who have broadband access but don't want to pay for a traditional TV package of dozens of other channels. For the monthly fee, viewers will be able to get HBO content without having to pay for an entire cable package, the company said. The first month is free for early-bird subscribers, the company added. 'This is a transformative moment for HBO,' said chief executive Richard Pepler after an introduction from Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook. The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US, which is now at a lower price of $69 (£45). The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $35 and Roku 2 costing just $70. Time Warner said it wants to push its HBO Now service to the 10 million broadband households that are not subscribed to a cable TV bundle service. It is also targeting the 70 million US cable TV subscribers who aren't HBO subscribers. Outside the US, HBO shows are available through online and pay TV subscription services, such as Sky. They include Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, Veep, Silicon Valley and Sex in the City. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally. The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US, which is now at a lower price of $69 (£45).The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $35 and Roku 2 costing just $70. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally.^HBO is the US network behind Game of Thrones and the Sopranos . Service is available on Apple TV and iOS exclusively for three months . Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV system from $99 (£65) to $69 .
Their Chipotle lunch became a media storm. But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton's most trusted aide Huma Abedin. And so, relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off, the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in New York - with another Mexican bite. The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband, disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner, and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon. Scroll down for video . Before the campaign heats up: Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin (left) was spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and three-year-old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday . Low profile: Weiner (second left) and Adebin wore baseball caps as they enjoyed their lunch with their son. Weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion . Skipping Chipotle: Their restaurant of choice was two doors down from the popular fast food Mexican diner . Abedin and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an Iowa Chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained Abedin did not put any change in the tip jar. Chipotle does not always have tip jars . The family was pictured inside at a table, where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate. It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted, sunglasses on, in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle. Grabbing a burrito bowl and a salad, the pair dashed back out to the 'Scooby Van' - and failed to pay a tip. This time, with her boss out of sight, Abedin side-stepped Chipotle and opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door: Tortaría. Weiner and Abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off Union Square, where tortas range from $7.50 to $11. As well as food served at the table, customers can also buyMexican fare to use at home. Weiner, a former congressman, fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over Twitter. He ordered the family's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call. Abedin's husband Weiner is the disgraced former congressman who was caught sending explicit images to women over Twitter's private message system. The couple stayed together throughout the saga in 2011 . The family will no doubt have to ride out more storms with fierce Republican campaigns against Hillary . Classy: The restaurant also doubles as a bodega, selling Mexican-inspired pantry staples . Keen to get going: Abedin looks back as Weiener brings up the rear, holding his son's scooter and helmet in one hand . It was a quiet and relaxed day for the family as they embark on a doubtless hectic journey toward the 2016 election. Rand Paul quipped on Saturday that the Clinton campaign will require two planes wherever they go - 'one for her entourage, and one for her baggage'. 'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said. Opinions were divided over whether the former Secretary of State nailed her attempt to woo Middle America with her tour of Iowa. Not the only one with a taste for Mexican: Marco Rubio also dipped into Chipotle for lunch the other day . In a bid to win over the everyman, she met with voters and laid out her vision for a campaign to be a champion for the average American. And, of course, visited Chipotle. Clinton is not the only presidential hopeful who has been seen tucking into Mexican fast food on the trail as they each try to court Hispanic and low-income voters. Republican hopeful Marco Rubio has also grabbed a Chipotle lunch. Jeb Bush, however, admits that is not on his to-do list - as he and his Colombian wife cook 'authentic' Mexican food at home.^Huma Abedin came under fire for not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa . She is Hillary Clinton's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign . On Saturday, she and husband Anthony Weiner went for Mexican lunch . It is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction. Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name, data from the Office of National Statistics shows. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000. All in a name: Others suggest that Gary Lineker, left, or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off . Helped by the popularity of actor Gary Cooper, there was a surge in  Garys  born in the US in the early 1950s. There was even a trend of girls being given the name. The name peaked in Britain roughly decade later. In 1964, it was ranked 16th most popular. Since then, there has been a fall in the number of Garys. It is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out completely. Fall from grace: Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter, pictured, for the name's declining popularity . There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker, or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off the name. But others point to Britain's most notorious Gary, paedophile pop star Glitter, who was jailed for 16 years for a string of sex attacks on girls, as the reason behind the name's fall from grace. Speaking to the Sun, Gary Davis, from south London, said: 'Gary Glitter has obviously done us no favours.' Between 1996 and 2013, unusual names such as Dexter (there were 1,019 born in 2013), Jenson (1,055) and Harley (1,275) all climbed in popularity to break the top 100. Meanwhile, the country went from having no girls called Harper - the name given to David and Victoria Beckham's daughter - to hundreds. Nearly 200 were born in 2013. Other names inspired by famous faces including Rihanna (60 born in 2013), Hermione (77) and Paris (107) were also more popular than humble Gary. Data from last year shows a surge in Arabic names in the UK, with Omar, Ali and Ibrahim all entering the boys’ top 100 for the first time. For girls, Maryam has shot up 59 places to number 35, while Nur is a new entry in the girls’ top 100, jumping straight to number 29. And Muhammad has risen an astonishing 27 places compared to last year to claim the number-one spot for boys. Sophia was the top name for baby girls but the year’s biggest riser within the girls’ top 100 was Maryam, while the highest new entries were Nur, Emilia and Gracie. For baby boys, Teddy was the biggest climber within the top 100. The highest new entry was Kian. Popular: Between 1996 and 2013 country went from having no baby girls called Harper - the name given to David and Victoria Beckham's daughter - to hundreds. Above, Harper with her brothers and father last month . GIRLS . Alpha - Alpha may be the first letter in the Greek alphabet, but it’s one of the last names modern parents consider for their baby girls. Not so in 1880, the first year baby name records were kept in the US, when Alpha was Number 301. It dropped off the Top 1000 in 1944 and is about to disappear for good. Barbra - Singer Barbra Streisand made her unusually-spelled, condensed name famous in the 1960s, when it peaked at Number 511, only to drop off in the Top 1000 in 1971. Barbara, a Top 10 name for three decades, hangs on in the Top 1000, but Barbra is about to vanish. Claudine - This feminization of the ancient Roman name Claudius ranked in the Top 1000 for first half of the 20th century, then blipped to a new height in 1970 on the popularity of singer Claudine Longet, only to fall off the charts in 1975. Claudine along with most other once-popular –ine and –een-ending girls’ names are now out of favor. Nanette - Nanette ranked among the Top 1000 until 77, peaking in 1956. But today, most parents say no to Nanette. Sheba - Sheba is the short form of the Biblical Bathsheba, disappearing from view with only five baby girls named Sheba in the US in 2013. Sondra - Sandra’s exotic sister Sondra ranked in the Top 1000 from the 1920s through the 80s, peaking in 1939. But the devastating Hurricane Sandy took a lot of wind out of all forms of this name, given to only five girls in 2013. Thisbe -Thisbe was never ranked in the Top 1000, but this ancient mythological name – she was a doomed young lover whose tale inspired Romeo & Juliet – is about to vanish from the modern lexicon. Zelma - Zelma nearly broke the Top 200 in 1902 but fell off the list in 1955. Selma, Thelma, and even Velma, might be hanging on by the tips of their antiquated fingernails, but Zelma is about to lose her grip on modern usage. BOYS . Elmo - Just over a century ago, this short form of Guglielmo, the Italian form of William, stood at a respectable Number 247, hanging in there until the 1950s, when it disappeared from view. Any hope of revival was shattered by the ticklish toy from SesameStreet. Icarus - A dramatic Greek mythological name, Icarus is known for flying too close to the sun with dire consequences. His name has never broken into the national Top 1000, probably due his rash reputation and the icky sound of the first syllable of his name. Inigo - Inigo is another name that’s never ranked here, though it’s admired enough on Nameberry to make it Number 261. It’s the medieval Spanish version of Ignatius, which has ranked as high as Number 602 on the national list and was used by Cate Blanchett, but Inigo is a no-go. Llewellyn - A common name in Wales, with the distinctive Welsh double-l beginning, Llewellyn appeared on the US list for six decades, ending in the early 1940s. But despite its rich Welsh history, literary cred and quirky nicknames, Llewelyn seems headed for extinction. Remus - With his twin brother Romulus, he was a legendary founder of Rome. But the stereotypical image of Uncle Remus, plus the unpleasant first syllable, have kept him permanently off the Top 1000. Sherwood - The stiff surname Sherwood, which does have the distinguished namesake of influential novelist Sherwood Anderson, managed to make it onto the list from 1897 to 1963, peaking at Number 533 in 1938, Anderson’s heyday, but it hasn’t been heard from in the 7+ decades since then. Waldo - Where’s Waldo? He’s nowhere to be found except on the birth certificates of a scant five boys last year. Waldo actually reached as high as Number 347 in 1881 and remained on the list till 1941, when it became a victim of anti-German sentiment.^Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1,001st in 2013 . Reached height of its popularity in 1964, when it was ranked 16th . Meanwhile, names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015, after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now mentor Ricky Wilson, his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora, Tom Jones and Will.i.am, and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success. Because it's not just a hit single Stevie needs, he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts. Scroll down for video . Can this year's The Voice UK champion Stevie McCrorie break the winners' curse? His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident Stevie could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of The Voice UK, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer. The very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show . Series one winner Leanne Mitchell, mentored to success in 2012 by Sir Tom Jones, blew everyone away with her version of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You in the live final. But despite much excitement surrounding her first single, she failed to rank any higher than number 45 in the music charts. Then a year later came her album, a record of songs written entirely by her rather than a compilation of cover versions, which failed to chart in the top 100. Some, including The Script frontman and former Voice coach Danny O'Donoghue, believe Leanne didn't have the right work ethic. When asked last year about Leanne's flop, he said, 'I was told by Tom Jones, and by the label as well, that Leanne just did not want to work as hard as you have to work to be a pop star.' Leanne won the public vote in the final of The Voice UK's first ever series, but her debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released . Leanne Mitchell has now returned to her previous employment, singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea, Norfolk, after failing to make her mark on the music industry . After being dropped by her label Decca, Leanne is now working in the job she thought she'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea, Norfolk. The singer has defended her efforts, suggesting that she was given poor advice and not enough support once she'd finished writing her album. But can the same be said for series two winner, Andrea Begley? Former The Voice UK coach Danny O'Donoghue criticised Leanne Mitchell for not working hard enough after winning series one of the BBC talent show, but has failed to make his own winning act, Andrea Begley, who was crowned champion of the second series in 2013,  into a household name either . Partially sighted Irish singer Andrea was determined to avoid the mistakes of her predecessor Leanne, but despite enjoying more chart success amd holding onto her record deal, she too has failed to equal the superstardom that comes with winning other TV talent shows like Simon Cowell's The X Factor . The partially sighted singer from Pomeroy, Northern Ireland, now 29, won the public vote in 2013 after being mentored by fellow Irishman, Danny. She even commented on the failings of her predecessor Leanne, and said that she was determined to do things differently. 'Everybody is obviously aware that last year things didn't go maybe as well as they could've done, and I think lessons have been learned,' she told the Mirror, shortly after being crowned champ. Andrea's album, The Message, released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts, but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners, and you soon understand the singer's disappointment . But while Andrea is still fortunate enough to have herself a record deal, her success hasn't been the chart topping megastardom that winning a rival show like The X Factor might bring. Her debut single, a cover of Evanescence's My Immortal, charted at number 30, while her follow up, Dancing In The Dark, originally by Bruce Springsteen, didn't make it any further than 113. Andrea's album, The Message, released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts, but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners, and you soon understand the deflation in the Begley camp. Will.i.am won the third series of The Voice UK with Jermain Jackman, a young singer from Hackney, London . 2014 The Voice winner Jermain saw his debut single And I Am Telling You, a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls, chart at just number 75 . Hot on the heels of Andrea was Jermain Jackman, who won last year's series with coach Will.i.am. If a slow start killed Leanne Mitchell's chances, Jermain and Will had better kick this career into gear. The singer from Hackney in London, still just 20-years-old, saw his debut single And I Am Telling You, a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls, chart at number 75. Despite various public appearances, once with Mitch Winehouse at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse, Jermain's debut album this month has landed at number 42. Compared with X Factor's 2014 winner Ben Haenow, whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot, Jermain's success has so far been what you could call limited. Compared with X Factor's 2014 winner Ben Haenow, whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot, Jermain's success has so far been what you could call limited . Despite various public appearances, once with Mitch Winehouse (pictured centre) at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse, Jermain's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . The glitter falls from the ceiling...but the real hard work is just beginning for Stevie McCrorie . So can Stevie McCrorie break the curse and become the first ever success of The Voice UK? His debut single will be Lost Stars, a cover of Adam Levine's hit from the film Begin Again, which was nominated for an Oscar this year. The Scotsman has also reportedly been asked to perform at music festival T in The Park already. Stevie's coach Ricky Wilson, frontman of rock band Kaiser Chiefs, has been quick to defend his protege in the face of criticism. When asked if he's worried about the growing number of The Voice UK flops, he simply replied, 'Stevie hasn't won it before.' So now it's all eyes on you Stevie! No pressure... Though it's not always the winners who reap all the success (Steve Brookstein, case in point), the X Factor has produced far more chart successes than The Voice UK. Here are just a few of the best-selling artists that came from Simon Cowell's ITV show: . One Direction They didn't win, in fact they came third, runners up next to Matt Cardle and Rebecca Ferguson in 2010, but Simon Cowell's boyband has sold over 50 million albums and quite literally, taken over the world with their legion of fans. Leona Lewis Despite having left Simon Cowell's label Sycon last year, Leona remains one of the show's biggest successes, having sold over 4.4 million singles off the back of her 2006 win. JLS The runners-up of the 2009 series, JLS went on to sell over 3.9 million singles and 2.7 million albums, before splitting up in 2013. Olly Murs He came second to Joe McElderry in 2009, then went on to sell almost as many albums as JLS and co-present the X Factor's sister show Xtra Factor in ITV2 with Caroline Flack. Alexandra Burke After winning the 2009 series following her duet with Beyonce, Alexandra went on to rack up more than 1.25 million sales for her debut single Hallelujah. James Arthur Before the singer landed himself in hot water with volatile Twitter rants, he clocked up over 1.2 million sales of his first single Impossible after winning the 2012 series. Little Mix The first ever group to win the show in 2011, Little Mix have now beaten The Spice Girls' chart success in America and raked up an impressive 132million VEVO views. Rebecca Ferguson Though she came second to Matt Cardle in the 2010 series, Rebecca has just released her third album Lady Sings The Blues and has enjoyed steady chart success.^Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp . Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman are yet to become household names . Will 2015 winner Stevie become a chart success or another Voice flop?
A life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian. Alexandra Harra, 28, who now lives in Miami, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. She now works as a professional life coach, a writer for the Huffington Post and an author of The Karma Queens' Guide to Relationships. But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy, she suddenly found it wasn't her university education that people were interested in. Scroll down for video . Selfie queen: Alexandra Harra has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' and even shares the same love of selfies . All about the booty: The life coach turned model enjoys showing off her curves in tight fitting clothes . Since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland. The model, who formerly had long peroxide locks, recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star, married to Kanye West, even more striking. With her dyed black hair, she now lays claim to the title of the Romanian Kim Kardashian. Harra is already a bigger success than the celebrity in one way, as her derriere apparently measures 43 inches, while Kardashian's is just 40 inches. She said: ‘Someone in Romania noticed that my bottom size, at 109cm, is larger than Kim Kardashian's at 101 cm. 'Now I'm in the paper all the time as the Romanian Kim Kardashian.’ Curves galore: Alexandra Harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like Kim . Meow: Harra states on Instagram that she loves cats, evident in these selfies . The decision to dye her hair black has been well received by fans, boosting her online popularity. Whilst she now lives in Miami, she said that when she returns to her native Romania she is treated like a celebrity. ‘We are the Kardashians of Romania. We're just as controversial as them. 'When I arrive anywhere in Romania, all the cameras are after me, the paparazzi are after me too, they don't expect to see a body like this and a booty like that.’ Alexandra also uses her suggestive shots as a vehicle for her life coaching advice. On one Instagram snap, she wrote: 'Change doesn't come by accident. Change comes by will.' Next to one picture, in which she posed side-on, she posted a Bible quote from Romans, 5: 3-5: 'But we rejoice in our sufferings, knowing that suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope, and hope does not put us to shame.' And maybe Kim should look out, as according to one picture, Alexandra believes in the power of positive thinking. She wrote: 'What you wish, you can manifest. Always.' High flyer: As well as being a business woman and author, Alexandra claims that she is treated like an A-list celebrity in her native Romania . Cover girl: Alexandra has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania, as well as in many more magazines in her native country . Alexandra dyed her hair black to cement her claim of being ‘The Romanian Kim Kardashian’ ‘In Romania women are supposed to be very thin, they're supposed to not have curves. That's what they think is beautiful. That to me is outrageous.’ And it seems that Harra’s move to become Romania’s answer to Kim Kardashian is already paying off. She owns a Mercedes S 550 2015 model worth £95,000 and a Mercedes CLS 550 worth £63,00. Yet Alexandra's mum, Carmen, who she runs her business with, thinks her daughter is unique. ‘My daughter is being labelled as the blonde version of Kim Kardashian. 'But we don't try to imitate anyone, we're just ourselves.’ Alexandra runs a psychology company with mum, Carmen, who is also supportive of her modelling career . Doppelganger: The life coach's signature contouring make-up and dyed hair just increases her similarity with reality star Kim .^Romanian-born Alexandra Harra, 28, has become an Instagram star . Model, who's posed for Playboy, posts selfies with inspirational messages . After dyeing locks black, being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain, but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee. Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead. The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain, but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan. Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . Bain refuses to react as the Turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at Den Park . Turkish forward Ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match . It was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place, as United's poor run of domestic form continued. In front of a sell-out crowd, Dundee started well with midfielder Jim McAlister trying his luck early on with a 25-yard snap-shot on his left-foot which Radoslaw Cierzniak in the visitor’s goal held. United's reply was a sweeping move involving Paul Dixon and Chris Erskine who, in turn, fed Ciftci - but his low shot was saved by Scott Bain. Jake McPake wheels away in celebration as helps Dundee earn first derby win in over a decade . However, Dundee broke the deadlock in the 14th minute through Stewart. The home side's top scorer turned smartly and hit a shot from 22 yards which should have been dealt with by Cierzniak, but the Polish keeper allowed the ball to trickle through his hands and into the net, leaving him red-faced. The lead, however, was short-lived as United levelled two minutes later. Chris Erksine's powerful shot came off the hand off Dark Blues skipper Kevin Thomson's hand, and referee John Beaton pointed straight to the spot. Up stepped Ciftci to send Bain the wrong way and square things up. Dundee Utd goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak looks back at his goal after Mark Stewart opened the scoring . Stewart celebrates his derby goal with a fan as he runs over to the home faithful at Den Park . However, Dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when Stewart's corner was met by McPake, who rose above Jaroslaw Fojut head past Cierzniak from six yards. As the half-hour mark approached, United came close to equalising when Aidan Connolly jinked in from the left before unleashing a venomous shot which Bain was relieved to see clear his crossbar. The Tangerines were desperate for an equaliser before the break and in the 35th minute Dixon's whipped cross was met by Connolly - but his left-foot effort went wide. Dundee Utd's Chris Erskine goes down under a challenge from Stephen McGinn during the Dundee derby . United attempted to step up a gear and John Rankin's 56th-minute shot was deflected just wide by Stewart for a corner. At the other end, Dundee's Paul McGowan released Paul McGinn down the right and his cross picked out Heffernan - but the striker mishit the shot and the chance was not taken. However, Heffernan was not to be denied and the Irish ace killed the contest midway through the second half. Dundee's Paul Heffernan taps home his side's third goal of the game as they close in on derby victory . Skipper Thomson sent Stewart clear on the left and his cross was perfect for Heffernan to calmly knock home at the far post. McGowan almost made it 4-1with 10 minutes of the contest remaining, only for Cierzniak to defy him with a fingertip save from his header. However, the hard work had already been done by the hosts - who were by far the better team on the night.^Nadir Ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain . However, Ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory . Win gave hosts Dundee their first derby win in more than a decade . Goals from Greg Stewart, Jake McPake and Paul Heffernen secured win .
That's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney, with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. Now that the heels have been kicked off, the cameras put down, and the last bottle of champagne drunk, FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows, the beautiful designs we can't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we won't be trying any time soon. Some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag, other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model's backs... while a few were downright bizarre. Make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased, with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces, masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous. The week that was: MBFWA featured loud prints, metallic, intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows Romance Was Born (left), Toni Maticevski (L) and Steven Khalil (middle R)... and some very different beauty looks and trends we won't try in real life (R) Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows, including Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo. Skin is definitely in - flimsy, sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk, with the front row receiving an eyeful as breasts, backsides and everything else were put on display beneath see-through mesh and lace designs. A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling - both Akira Isogawa and Bondi Bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces. Meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind, to giant animal heads, and Ned Kelly-inspired head pieces. METALLICS . Shine on: Maticevski (left), Ginger & Smart (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) wowed with metallic golds and bronzes . Metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk. Head-to-toe gold dazzled at Toni Maticevski, while Johanna Johnson showed full-length skirts. Ginger & Smart's bronze dresses were favourites for their wear-ability off the catwalk. VOLUMINOUS SILHOUETTES . Big is better: Toni Maticevski (left), Ellery (middle), and Michael Lo Sordo (right) all presented voluminous silhouettes . The future is now: Contemporary styles by Maticevski (left and right) and Romance Was Born (middle) were masterpieces of design, wearability is questionable . Big is better - silhouettes went super-sized at many of the highlight shows. Maticevski, Romance Was Born, Ellery and Michael Lo Sordo all presented billowing, voluminous gowns. SLOUCHY COMFORT . Pyjama party: Laid-back, slouchy silhouettes featured in the (L-R) Haryono Setiadi, Gary Bigeni, Tome, and Serpent & The Swan shows will make for a comfortable season . Next season looks to be a comfortable one. As well as the oversized evening wear being showcased, ready-to-wear separates were inspired by bedtime. Haryono Setiadi, Gary Bigeni, Tome, and Serpent & The Swan all presented slouchy, pyjama-style ensembles. COUTURE CREATIONS . Dazzling: Couture creations made a splash - our favourites were seen at (L-R) Galanni, Steven Khalil, and Johanna Johnson . Masterpiece: Betty Tran on Thursday night presented a show-stopping gown . Heavenly show-stopping masterpieces were highlights of the week, with intricate hand-sewn embellishments, fringing, feathers, and sheer fabrics key trends. Johanna Johnson closed the week with a number of beautiful creations, while Steven Khalil, Betty Tran and Galanni also sent incredibly couture down the runway. WE SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU . Peekaboo: Marriam Seddiq (left), Any Step, (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) gave the front row an eyeful with their revealing designs . Sheer delight: Delicate sheer fabrics left little to the imagination at Mariam Seddiq (left), Kate Sylvester (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) Things got a little cheeky mid-week, particularly amongst the up-and-coming designers, who strived to stand out during the New Generation and Raffles Showcase presentations. Marriam Seddiq during the St George New Generation show and Any Step during the Raffles International Showcase in particular had the front row blushing, with their see-through creations that put models' bodies on full display. The Any Step show stood out for its bondage-style dress made of only leather straps and buckles. GLADIATORS ARE BACK . Lace it up: Bec & Bridge (left), CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston (middle), and Daniel Avakian (right) all showed knee-high Gladiator sandals . Oh, hello 2008. Your favourite footwear trend is back again. Bec & Bridge and Daniel Akavian accessorised their wares with very similar Gladiator-style lace-up sandals, while the CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston show presented the same in metallic gold. BIZARRE 'BEAUTY' Don't try this at home: One Fell Swoop (left), Akira Isogawa (middle), and Dyspnea (right) tried out some interesting hair and beauty styles that we won't be trying in real life . The beauty looks of the week were met with some head scratching. 'Ugly' beauty, and unusual trends including sequinned faces are styles best left on the catwalk. Hair was repeatedly slicked down, while some hair designers got crafty, creating 'origami' influenced hair style and sectioning off strands of hair to create unique designs (pictured at Dyspnea). ACCESSORISE THIS . Hats off to you: Blue Glue Bikinis (left), Vanessa Moe (middle) and Romance Was Born (right) were in the headlines for their out-there headwear on the runway which included oversized animal heads, perspex masks, and Ned Kelly-inspired headpieces . One-sided: Both Ellery (left and right) and Gail Sorronda (middle) sent models out sporting circular ear pieces on one side . Accessories threatened to overshadow the designs they were intended to complement. Blue Glue Bikinis sent models down the runway wearing oversized animal heads, Vanessa Moe's plastic face masks were a unique touch, while Romance Was Born's quirkiest inclusion in their Australiana-themed presentation was a Ned Kelly-inspired head piece. Both Ellery and Gail Sorronda's models sported circular ear pieces or earrings on one side only. STRONG IS THE NEW SKINNY . Sporty: We Are Handsome made headlines for casting fitness influences instead of regular models for their show (left and right), while Bec & Bridge's debut Swim line show featured healthier models (middle) The We Are Handsome show made headlines when design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers chose to cast fitness influencers rather than traditional models in their shows. Lindy Klim, along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses and modelled the brand's new Activewear range. SPECTACULAR SETTINGS . Unique: The iconic Icebergs pool was drained on Thursday to create a spectacular seaside catwalk for Ten Pieces . Australiana: The Art Gallery of NSW was transformed into a colourful floral setting for the Romance Was Born show . Moving: The Ellery show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet . While most of the shows took place at the Carriageworks venue in Eveleigh, a few designers went rogue, putting on shows in a more spectacular fashion with elaborate sets, locations and stunts. Ellery's opening show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet and Romance Was Born were typically stand-out with their floral setting inside the Art Gallery of New South Wales. But the nod for most scenic setting was Ten Pieces on Thursday, who drained the iconic Icebergs pool to create a stunning seaside catwalk overlooking Bondi. MAKING HEADLINES . Making news: Someone with sticky fingers stole THREE of the tablets gifted to the front row at Maticevski (left), while the fashion crowd followed in the footsteps of Kimye and the Beckhams by bringing children to the shows (right) Highlights and headaches: The opening show on Sunday night by Ellery kicked off proceedings with Gemma Ward's triumphant return to the catwalk (left), but angered a local man who interrupted the catwalk show to complain about the noise (right) The primarily smooth-running week was interrupted on a few occasions which grabbed our attention. Opening night at Ellery got off to a dramatic start, with the audience witnessing the return to the catwalk by home-grown supermodel Gemma Ward. The night took a turn, though, when a disgruntled neighbour stormed the stage complaining about the racket. Australian fashion insiders copied the Beckhams and Kim Kardashian by turning up to the shows with their children in tow, while someone with sticky fingers stole three tablet worth $899 that were intended for front row guests.^Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney . Stand-out shows included Maticevski, Romance Was Born, Tome, Steven Khalil and Johanna Johnson . Sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the Australian Bali Nine duo as 'senseless and brutal'. Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'. Australians Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed  along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad. Scroll down for videos . Lindsay Sandiford, pictured, believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . One of ambulances carrying the bodies of Australian death-row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran arrives at a funeral home in Jakarta, Indonesia . An ambulance carrying the coffin of one of eight executed drug convicts seen as it exits Nusakambangan port . Ambulances with the bodies of the eight men executed by Indonesia overnight, including Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, were pictured arriving at Cilacap port from the prison island . The grandmother told a friend she was 'utterly heartbroken' at the news about Chan, who she had befriended in Bali's squalid Kerobokan prison. The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions  after a final KFC bucket meal. She said: 'The men shot dead were reformed men – good men who transformed the lives of people around them. Their senseless, brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place.If they kill someone as good as Andrew, what hope is there for me? 'I just want to get it over with. I feel like just giving up.' Andrew Chan (right), who befriended Sandiford in prison, and Myuran Sukumaran (left) were killed by firing squad . At Cilacap port, anti-death penalty protesters began playing 'Hallelujah' just prior to news of the deaths . A group of Christians pray and hold a candlelight vigil to protest against the death penalty at Nusakambangan port . Sandiford says Chan – who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot – helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago. She said: 'I really admire Andrew. He's been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison. 'The heart of the prison has gone since they left. They organised rehabilitation projects. If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't have running water on the blocks, or the classes in painting, cookery and computers. I would like to send my deepest condolences to their families and loved ones. 'Many things have been said about whether Andrew and Myuran deserved to die for their crimes. I didn’t know those men at the time they committed those crimes 10 years ago. What I can say is that the Andrew and Myuran I knew were men who did good and touched the lives of a great many people, including myself.' Chan – who turned to Christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year – told Sandiford shortly before his transfer to Execution Island that he was reconciled to his fate. He said: 'I'm not afraid to die but I am afraid of dying. I'm scared of the bullets and I'm scared it won't be a quick death.' The Australian pair were killed by a firing squad on Bali's 'death island', Nusa Kambangan . Sandiford has been languishing on death row in Bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine through the island's airport in 2012. She maintains she was forced to transport the drugs to protect her children, whose safety was at stake. The British government refused a request to pay Sandiford's legal fees for her appeal. The British grandmother said she 'really admired Andrew', who was executed  by the firing squad . Reformed drug smugglers Andrew Chan (left) and Myuran Sukumaran (right) were put to death . Earlier ambulances carrying the corpses of Chan and Sukumaran arrived from the 'death island' where they were shot dead. The families of Chan and Sukumaran released a statement following the executions. 'Today we lost Myuran and Andrew. Our sons, our brothers,' they said. 'In the ten years since they were arrested, they did all they could to make amends, helping many others. They asked for mercy, but there was none. 'They were immensely grateful for all the support they received. We too, will be forever grateful.' The others executed were Indonesian Zainal Abidin, Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, Nigerians Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise, Raheem Agbaje Salami and Okwudili Oyatanze, and Ghanaian Martin Anderson. A law enforcement official was quoted saying: 'The executions went well, without any disruptions.' Armed police lined the road at Cilacap port as the ambulances carrying the coffins of the executed men were transported through a crowd . One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine drug traffickers took to Twitter shortly after their deaths were confirmed . He tweeted, 'I failed. I lost', which was followed by another message apologising for their deaths . Myuran Sukumaran's grief-stricken mother, Raji, pleads for her son's life as her husband Sam looks on . An Indonesian mobile brigade police team, believed to be an execution team, were photographed being taken on a boat to Nusakambangan island . A local television station broadcast a chilling re-enactment of how executions are carried out in Indonesi . In following through with the killings, the Indonesian government ignored agonised pleas for clemency from the prisoners' families and Australian and international officials. All eight death row prisoners refused to wear blindfolds, choosing instead to face their executioners. Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso - the Filipino drug mule who was the ninth convict sentenced to death - was spared after new information emerged about her case. As news filtered through to the nearby port of Cilacap, supporters prayed and sung 'Amazing Grace' Bali Nine supporters comfort each other at Cilacap after the harrowing news came through . 'Today we lost Myuran and Andrew. 'Our sons, our brothers. 'In the 10 years since they were arrested, they did all they could to make amends, helping many others. 'They asked for mercy, but there was none. 'They were immensely grateful for all the support they received. 'We too, will be forever grateful.' The Chan and Sukumaran families were staying together in a hotel in Cilacap when the murders occurred. Some relatives who were on the island reportedly heard the deadly shots ringing out and 'became hysterical'. A Twitter account purporting to belong to Chan's brother, Michael, tweeted: 'I have just lost a Courageous brother to a flawed Indonesian legal system. I miss you already RIP my Little Brother.' One of the pair's lawyers, Peter Morrissey, told the Nine Network: 'It's a very sad time.. the two boys are gone. 'They were beautiful blokes. It is really sad. 'We did have a good (legal) argument. We still have a good argument. We just don't have anything to (argue) it for. 'We'll all keep fighting the death penalty for sure but it's not going to bring the boys back.' One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine, Todung Mulya Lubis, saw the loss of the young Australian men as a personal failure. 'I failed. I lost,' he wrote on social media. 'I am sorry'. Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso (centre) survived - spared after her alleged recruiter turned herself in . Mary Jane Veloso's family appear relieved after arriving at Nusa Kambangan port in Cilacap after their loved one was spared at the 11th hour . As the executions occurred, at nearby Cilacap port anti-death penalty protesters lit white candles and sang 'Hallelujah' and just outside the gates. Later, a silence fell over the area with only singing voices, music of Amazing Grace and prayers heard for the doomed Bali Nine duo. The Australian government is expected to retaliate for Wednesday's executions, which Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop had long lobbied against. Even in the final hours, officials were fighting the death penalty ruling. Indonesia has some of the toughest drug laws in the world. It ended a four-year moratorium on executions in 2013. The country, which has now carried out 15 such executions in four months, has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of the year.^Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed  after a final KFC bucket meal . The 58-year-old has been on death row in Bali since 2012 . She was convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine in 2012 .
Abby Bishop's (right) life completely changed when she took in her niece Zala (left) Most professional athletes are used to having their lives centred on themselves and their sport. But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24, her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala. It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn, juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams, and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA. Bishop, now 26, said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything. 'My sister wasn’t very well,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'I pretty much brought Zala home and started pre-season training with the Canberra Capitals straight away. 'It was tough with no sleep and adjusting to having another little human with me 24/7, but I have amazing friends who help me and my mum helped me when she could. 'I'm not going to lie and say it was easy but I just got through it.' Bishop had planned to spend a few years living in Europe full-time playing basketball, but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for Zala. She chose to base herself in Canberra, sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches. Bishop was also able to take Zala with her to Hungary, where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year. 'There are a few things I've missed out on, but I don't feel like I've missed out I've made the best of the situation,' she said. The basketballer, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old . Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . 'All the teams I've been part of have just been amazing in terms of taking me and Zala on. 'My European teams paid for my nanny's flights and they had cots and car seats and toys and everything there. 'I just can't thank the Canberra Capitals enough for putting childcare in my contract and letting me take Zala on road trips.' But it hasn't all been smooth sailing. Bishop had to miss out on playing for the national Opals team in the world championships in Turkey in October last year because of issues with their policy, which would have required her to cover the cost of travelling with a nanny. 'Taking on Zala I knew I was going to have to deal with some things within sport and for me that was not being able to go to world championships because of the policy they put in place,' she said. Bishop was able to take Zala with her to Hungary, where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year . Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot. They are pictured here together in Hungary . Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA . 'I'd just taken on a baby that wasn't mine and they weren't as understanding as all my other teams have been. 'I understand it's the highest level, playing for Australia, but it's a unique situation and needs to be looked at differently than another mother's situation with a husband and a biological child.' Bishop is glad she will be able to take Zala with her when she goes to the U.S. to play with the Seattle Storm in May. 'In Seattle their rules in terms of contracts are very strict but in their own little way they have helped me,' she said. Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot. 'The plane trips are always the tricky part, just because she's so active, but in terms of being over there she loves it,' Bishop said. Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life – including getting used to a lack of sleep . ‘I think the biggest thing was it wasn’t all about me anymore, my life turned to being about this little human’ 'Everyone loves her and treats her like she's part of the team. 'She loves the attention - all they like is attention at that age.' Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life – including getting used to a lack of sleep and the fact that she is now responsible for someone else's life. 'I think the biggest thing was it wasn't all about me anymore, my life turned to being about this little human,' she said. 'And just for social things, my friends say "Let's go out for dinner or drinks" and I have to say "Nah sorry I can't I've got a child now."' Bishop knows that she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school. Bishop, now 26 years old, said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything . Bishop said she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school . 'I've got a couple more years to do my basketball and do all that and then obviously I'll have to think about school and where we want to settle,' she said. When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer. But until then she is trying to maintain a balance and get back some of her social life – and she hopes to have more kids one day. 'I didn't think about it the day I was taking her,' she said. 'But since taking her I've thought hopefully I can find the right person and have my own kids. 'I'm a person who doesn't need someone but it's something I want in the future. 'Until then it's just Zala and I.' When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer . Bishop has chosen to base herself in Canberra, sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches .^Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013 . Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams . Bishop said it was a big decision but she wouldn't change anything . Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA in May .
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month. Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions. Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire . Members of the ONE Pro Cycling, for which the former England cricketer is CEO, in the Chorley Grand Prix . Prior said: 'We are hugely ambitious as a team and as a company and we want to eventually move up to pro-continental level and hopefully above. 'It's very important to have ambition and it's very important from the team's point of view that we create an environment that breeds success and gives the team the chance to be successful. 'We've got some hugely talented young lads and we will learn such a huge amount from the opportunity to race against such big teams and big riders.' The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand. The ONE Pro team in Yorkshire on Monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in England . But for Prior the possibilities in the sport were really underlined by the spectacular success of last year's Tour de France Grand Depart, which in turn inspired the Tour de Yorkshire. Such is the enthusiasm for cycling in the county race officials match Prior's more personal aims in wishing to turn the new Tour into one of the biggest of its kind in the world. Prior added: 'It was because of the Grand Depart that ONE Pro Cycling really started - seeing all those thousands of fans lining the streets we really wanted to give them the chance to be a part of a professional cycling team. The team, which Prior has big plans for, warm up for their elite racing debut in Chorley . 'When I was 12 years old my dream was to be a professional cricketer and play for England in the Ashes - you want to be involved in the biggest events you possibly can. 'Likewise, when we sat down and started this team we agreed that the dream should be to one day line up in the Tour de France and that hasn't changed. 'It's a long way down the line but we're building and we're certainly going in the right direction. To be given an opportunity to race in Yorkshire is another massive tick in the box.'^ONE Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins . Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 . Prior's team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart .
When emergency crews received a call saying 'someone' had been knocked down by a car in Essex, they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue. But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the 'victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest. The report forms just part of a long list released by East of England ambulance service detailing their most bizarre, and irritating, call outs. Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest after a caller told crews 'someone' had been run down, only for the 'victim' to turn out to be a squirrel. Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' Another came from reveller in Basildon, Essex, who said 'I've dropped my burger and it is bleeding', while a third woman in Chelmsford, dialled 999 to report 'I've eaten too much takeaway food.' The service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day, and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help. Front-line crews have attended almost half of the phoney calls, believing them to be genuine emergencies. Also on the list is a woman from  Shoeburyness who called to say she was locked out of the house, while a man in Peterborough called to say his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small. In Hitchin, Hertfordshire, a man told 999 staff: 'I have been dieting and feel lethargic.' Gary Morgan, Regional Head of Emergency Operations Centres, asked people to use common-sense when calling, adding that misguided or hoax calls could cost lives. East on England ambulance revealed the bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs, saying that crew attended half of them, potentially putting lives at risk (file image) He said: 'We're an emergency service and our front-line staff are trained to save lives. 'However, sadly, some of the calls we receive are not even medically related and we will refer hoax calls to the police. 'We prioritise all life-threatening calls to get the quickest possible response. 'However, that response can be affected if our call handlers and front-line staff are dealing with inappropriate 999 calls. 'We would strongly urge people who think it is funny to make a prank call to stop and think about the potential consequences.' In another strange call one woman phoned to say she felt ill after eating too much takeaway, while a man reported that his feet were hurting after wearing shoes that were too tight .^Woman reported 'someone' had been run over, but victim was a squirrel . Another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was 'bleeding' East of England ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final, earning a six-month ban. The 27-year-old, who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match, told the Daily Star Sunday: 'I was surprised how calm I was, with everything going through my head about doing the right things. Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension . 'But I didn't expect such a big loud roar and a standing ovation. For the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them. 'It was lovely for them to do that but at the end of the day I do not deserve that because I let the club down massively.' Ahead of Flower's return, coach Shaun Wane had said he wanted to see him come back an even more aggressive player, but Flower said he needed to learn how to manage his emotions. 'I will get back to being a more aggressive player as I get fitter but aggressive does not mean that I am going to be a dirty player,' he said. 'What happened in the Grand Final was a massive mistake.' The Wales forward in action during Wigan Warriors' 30-20 victory against Warrington last Thursday . Flower struggles to control the ball as Warrington forward Ben Currie lines him up the for hit .^Ben Flower returned from his six-month ban on Thursday night . Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final . 27-year-old received a brilliant reception during's Wigan's 30-20 victory against Warrington .
Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque, the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris. Considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world, the City of Lights' latest overnight offering takes a page from the Maisons Closes, the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge, this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. The newly-opened Parisian hotel, Maison Souquet, may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights . The property may be difficult to find, tucked away behind an unmarked facade, and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning, but it's worth the hunt. Whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property's extravagant suites, the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors, designed by Jacques Garcia, are not to be missed. There are three categories of rooms in the hotel: deluxe, junior suites and two stunning apartments. But no matter which room you choose, all guests will see Hermes bath products, plenty of silk draping and have the option to rent out the spa and swimming pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling. Located steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, the hotel is situated in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district . All of the dark, mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . It may be difficult to first spot the property, as the outside facade is understated and marked only by two red lanterns and a canopy . The five-star hotel is described as the point where culture and 'haute-couture' meet and is meant to represent the luxe Parisian lifestyle . The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of 'stars' and can be booked out for private use . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' and the property's butlers are on hand to assist guests with everything and anything they desire. If the library-inspired bar, simply called The Bar, isn't doing it for you, the hotel is happy to make a reservation at any of Pigalle's most exclusive restaurants and clubs - most just a stone's throw from the hotel. However, should you care to stay in, The Bar's signature cocktail, Secrets of the Unicorn, is a mulled wine-based beverage served in a smoked wood glass and peppered with chai spices. It's also home to an afternoon tea service with options harvested specially from a Chinese garden. Of the hotel's 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites . At Maison Souquet, Arbaian style meets Napoleon III in an eclectic collection of furniture and artwork that is both magical and enchanting . All of the rooms are meant to pay homage to the beauty of the courtesans for whom they are named . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear . Outside, the quiet conservatory is easily recognised by its glass canopy and wall covered with ivy and jasmine. But it's the property's Celestial Spa that may just be its most impressive. Available to any guest who requests the key, the spa's ceiling is decorated with golden stars that shimmer against a cobalt blue 'sky.' The outdoor conservatory is recognised by its glass canopy, stone statues and calming wall covered with ivy and jasmine . All of the rooms are unique 'love nests,' and two thousand metres of 120 different silks were selected when crafting the cocoons . The Bar, which looks as though it's really a 19th century library, is home to a luxe afternoon tea service and signature mulled wine cocktail . All of the luxurious bathrooms offer Hermes bath products and perfume and all suites have both a bathtub and walk-in shower . No matter which level of room you choose, all offer 24-hour in-room dining and access to the hotel's butlers to help you plan your stay . Deluxe rooms start at €338 (£244) per night and there are plenty of special offers currently available. The Parisien Romance offer is perfect for a couple looking to escape it all for an evening and includes personal use of the spa, complimentary cocktails and a late check-out. While the Heavenly Wellbeing package also includes private access to the spa's swimming pool and hammam, the emphasis here is on tranquility and relaxation - great for a couple's retreat or a girls' weekend away.^Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era, the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy . A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor, the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city's pleasure houses of yesteryear . Also available for guest use: a charming conservatory, library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up – and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets. ‘I’ve had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months,’ he said. ‘But I feel everything at the crease is as I want it to be. Steven Finn believes he's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place . Finn admits he's 'had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months' but he's got his 'head straight' Finn smiles as he helps launch ECB's Club Open Days on Tuesday at Brondesbury Cricket Club . ‘My running style is something I’ve had my issues with – kneeing the stumps and shortening my run-up, which is what c**ked me up, really. It’s about trying to get it back to being natural. ‘We’ve got footage that I use when I’ve been bowling at my best. When I was running up as a carefree 21-year-old, I just legged it into the crease. 'It was natural, and I bowled quickly, consistently. My bowling’s looking pretty similar to that at the moment.’ Finn’s claims will be music to the selectors’ ears as they begin to fret about England’s fast-bowling stocks. Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . Finn’s form return comes at a good time as England's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season, but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps, the last of which he won back in 2013. ‘I don’t feel I’d have done myself a disservice had I been on the West Indies trip,’ he said. ‘In the World Cup, if you take out the wickets against Australia, I was taking proper wickets – lbw, bowled, caught behind. ‘Coming back to Middlesex and getting my head straight hasn’t been the worst thing. I’m gutted I’m not in the West Indies, but this is the next best thing.’ This summer more than 1000 cricket clubs will take part in Club Open Days, supported by Waitrose – register your club at ecb.co.uk/clubopendays .^Steven Finn was left out of the England squad for the West Indies tour . The Middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months . Finn said he's back to bowling like he was as 'a carefree 21-year-old' His last of 23 Test caps came for England back in 2013 .
Armstrong, 26, pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun, a baton and knuckle dusters back into the UK from Cyprus in his luggage (file picture) A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in his luggage. Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager. But after a spending spree on the trip, Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch, extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage. A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to 'startle and repel'. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it. Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court: 'The general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs. 'What he did was foolish. It must be realised that the court takes very seriously the bringing into this country of those items. 'A stun gun is, within the legislation of this country, a firearm. It is an extremely serious offence to possess one. 'It is highly undesirable that they should be in circulation in this country.' The 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court (pictured) The judge said a prison sentence was not necessary in Armstrong's case as there was no suggestion he would use the weapons, had never been in trouble before and had recently found employment. Judge Milford added: 'He had an extremely good job lined up. As a consequence of these proceedings, which he had to reveal to his perspective employers, he lost that job.' As such, Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs. Glen Gatland, defending, said; 'He has never been in trouble with the police and is of previous good character. 'He went on holiday to Cyprus with four friends (in the summer of 2013) who had been to primary school together. 'The reason he went was because he had been offered a job as IT project manager with retail branches in London and Zurich. 'He would have been moving away and not able to see his friends.' The court heard three of the friends who had been on the holiday with Armstrong received warnings after batons and knuckle dusters were found in their luggage. Mr Gatland said the weapons were bought from a 'corner shop' in Cyprus and Armstrong had been given the knuckle duster free with his other purchases.^Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager . Was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in his bag . Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it . 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months in jail, suspended for two years .
Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia, Alex Perry's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week, and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying 'taking a breather'. Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA, Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row, after focusing on his international efforts of late. 'My team and I just need a bit of a breather - we've just finished selling in Paris, and we've had an incredible season over there, so we're busy focusing on international at the moment,' Perry told DMA at the Ellery show on first night of Fashion Week. Scroll down for video . Perry pulls out of presenting: Acclaimed designer Alex Perry opts out of showing at this year's MBFWA . 'We're busy working on Cruise too,' (Perry's popular party dress collection). 'I wouldn’t be standing here talking to you if we were showing on Monday or Tuesday,' he laughs. This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. When asked if he will miss the excitement of running his own show, Perry said while he loves it, he's happy to sit back and see it from a new perspective. 'The chances I do get, I love to take in the whole thing, my eyes will be wide open as I sit in the front row,' he says. 'Because I'm not presenting a show I can really look forward to supporting some of my friends like Kym (Ellery) and Johnny (Schembri from By Johnny) they're my two faves  I'm specifically wanting to see.' Fashion favourite: Perry says Kym Ellery (pictured left) is one of his favourite designers showing this week . On Kym Ellery's show, Perry says she had a great cast of models and knew the fashion would be beautiful and all about showcasing shape and new directions. As for what he sees trending this season, Perry said the Australian market is so diverse, anything could happen. 'There are so many different designers with so many styles now, It’s not like it was 50 years ago when skirts are to the knee or something like that, there are so many handwritings, so I think it will all become really apparent after we see them this week.' 'Someone like Kym is so incredibly on point internationally at the moment which is her style, but then Johnny is going to give us some fun, sexy tight stuff.' Fashion flashback: Showing since 1996 , this marks the second time in twenty years Perry won't show . Model moment: Perry with Cheyenne Tozzi (pictured left) who previously starred in Australia's Next Top Model . Perry also believes the Australian market has it's on unique flair, different to fashion internationally that has a more uniform look. 'We definitely have our own signature. I wouldn't say relaxed even though people say that all the time, it’s more we have a different take on fashion. There's a mix of designers that are increadibly accomplished then there are younger designers who take more risks and challenges,' he says. 'And at the same time you can Australian designers anywhere in the world and it stands up in any country you go to and people are intrigued by it when they see girls wearing it.' Taking a break from the runway, Perry now is devoting his time to international enterprises, with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market. Front row fashionistas: Perry  front row alongside Marie Claire's Jackie Frank (left) and Kyly Clarke (right) 'Asia is a big expansion market and the Middle East is huge, it’s had unprecedented growth in so while I’m doing stuff in Australia I’m also doing things that resonate in those regions to build brand profile in those countries.' For Perry who also is a judge on Australia's Next Top Model, this also will include more work in TV overseas. He has currently filmed production for Asia’s Next Top Model which is said to broadcast to over 11 million homes in Asia and Middle East via the Star World Network and he's also looking into more TV opportunities there but can't go into the specifics yet. Model Mogul: Perry  with Alessandra Ambrosio (left) who guest stars in this year's Australia's Next Top Model . From A-List to Asia: Perry has just filmed Asia's Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia . As for his fashion empire, Perry believes despite his work in TV, as well as linen and Specsaver lines, fashion is his first and foremost love and while he admits he won't stop at one thing, everything has to have synergy with his fashion brand. 'TV stuff gets a lot of press, but in reality  I’m a fashion designer  and it’s all about the credibility of clothes, so I’m really focused on that because that propels everything else.'^Australian fashion designer Alex Perry won't show at this year's MBFWA . The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row . This will be the designer's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades . Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance, sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. 'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV. Terrible: Tragedy struck Thursday night at an Indiana high school's performance of the musical American Pie . Buckled: Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale, the platform beneath them collapsed . Shocking: The performers plummeted through the wooden riser in a spectacle so unbelievable that some audience members initially believed it was choreographed . Nicola Gruszka, a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way, said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue. 'We thought the worse thing that could happen on that song is that someone could miss their cue,' she told Good Morning America on Friday. After the students behind her plunged into the orchestra pit, she was so shocked that she was unable to move, she said, and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later. Another student, Sam Greathouse, told GMA that he jumped into action. 'As soon as the stage went down I just hopped up and started pulling people out of the hole,' he said, adding that students 'really came together as a unit in that moment'. More than 12 people were hurt and least one person was critically injured, a spokesman for the Westfield Police Department said on Thursday evening. But the two students told GMA that they had heard the critically-injured student was doing much better by Friday. 'The worst ones are comparatively mild to what could've happened,' Miss Gruszka said. Some performers walked out of the pit, which was estimated to measure some 10 feet, but others required more serious medical care . The packed house, seen before the tragedy, was asked to keep calm during the confusing aftermath . The drop from the top of the wooden riser to the floor was likely around 10 feet. Many of the witnesses who'd never seen the show weren't initially sure if it was part of the performance. The confusion didn't last, however, as it soon became clear that a terrible accident had occurred. Screams and gasps can be heard in video taken of the incident, which shows all but the lead singer vanish in the middle of the song Don't Stop Believin'. 'Some parents rushed the stage area,' audience member Mandi McKinley Brown told IndyStar. 'Most of us stayed in our seats to stay out of the way. People were lifting large pieces of the stage out of the pit from on top of the kids.' According to student Zach Rader, an administrator then addressed the crowd and asked for calm before asking any healthcare professionals to come forward. Witnesses: Nicola Gruszka, left, was singing in front of the stage when it collapsed behind her, while Sam Greathouse, right, helped to pull students out of the hole. They appeared on GMA on Friday morning . 'We have some seriously injured people,' Westfield fire chief Joe Lyons. The musical's lead guitarist, Blake Camden, was not among them. He said he stepped away after noticing something about the stage wasn't right. 'When all the performers rushed the stage, I saw the floor was starting to bow a little bit and I stepped to the left and the stage collapsed,' Camden, a senior, told RTV. 'I saw 20-30 of my friends fall in.' Chris Baldwin, who works in human resources for the high school about 20 miles north of Indianapolis, said the students fell into the orchestra pit below. Cameron Snyder, 18, a senior at Westfield, was watching the show. When the stage collapsed, a mass of people ran toward it, trying to help their loved ones, Snyder said. Scene: The incident occurred at Westfield High School, pictured on Friday as students head back to class . Back to school: Police said on Friday that the dozen students hurt in the collapse are 'doing really well' 'I was just in a state of shock,' he said. Injured students were taken to at least three different hospitals, Hollowell said. School officials aid class would be held as usual on Friday but that counselors would be on site for students who might need counseling. The incident evoked memories of a 2011 stage collapse at the Indiana Stage Fair that killed seven people and injured nearly 100. High winds toppled rigging and sent the stage roof onto fans awaiting the start of a concert by the country duo Sugarland.^An Indiana public school performance of American Pie ended in tragedy Wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on-stage . More than a dozen people were injured at the Westfield High performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition . Students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City’s chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team. Ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley, Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for Sheik Mansour’s club to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United. City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Sterling, who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal. The champions have also monitored vice-captain Jordan Henderson, who only has a season left on his Anfield contract. Brendan Rodgers says that a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling . Rodgers talks to Sterling during Friday's training session ahead of FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . However, Rodgers was emphatic that moving to City would not represent a step up. ‘If you say that City is a bigger club than Liverpool, you’re wrong,’ he said. ‘I’ve got big respect for what City are doing — they’re trying to build it the right way. But at this moment you can’t compare the size of the two clubs. ‘You’ve got Liverpool and United, the two biggest clubs in this country and the rest of them are fighting to be there over the next 20 years. I wouldn’t say we were a development ground for going to “bigger” clubs.’ City have tried to sign players from Arsenal and Liverpool hoping to weaken their rivals. They have bought Gael Clichy, Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Kolo Toure from Arsenal but failed to lure Fernando Torres when he was at Anfield. Sterling is wanted by Manchester City this summer for £50million as he stalls over new contract . Sterling has been one of Liverpool's leading lights and was nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year . This summer, Liverpool will also try to sign James Milner from City. Rodgers hopes victory over Villa will strengthen his case and increase the chances of keeping players. ‘Our vision is to win trophies,’ he said. ‘The first objective was to get into the Champions League again. We arrived there this year and could focus on winning a trophy. We just have to concentrate on performance levels, get to the final and we’ll take it from there.’ Club captain Steven Gerrard is available after a three-match ban and Rodgers has to decide whether to start with him in what could be his final appearance at Wembley before his move to LA Galaxy. Rodgers is set to welcome Steven Gerrard back into the squad after his three-match suspension .^Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling . Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal . Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling . Indicating it will take the Manchester club 20 years to eclipse Liverpool .
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption, a charity claims. The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club, on Baker Street in central London, and confiscated illegally imported fins. Charity Bite-Back, which campaigns to protect sharks, reported the eatery after Jason Chan, its marketing manager, boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth. Scroll down for video . The revelations come after the Royal China Club, a restaurant in central London, was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth . Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup (pictured) on their menus as 'fish fin soup', or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask . More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins, often dying slow, painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off. Graham Buckingham, campaign director at Bite-Back, told The Times he was disappointed that The Royal China Club was not fined for their breach. He added: 'There's never any big penalty for this type of discovery and even if trading standards had chosen to prosecute, the fines are described as minimal.' Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption . While conducting research for a recent report, Mr Buckingham's charity discovered a legal loophole allowing for 20kg of shark fin to be brought into this country if it is for personal consumption. Just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets. He said as many as one in five Chinese restaurants could be offering the dish, but many disguised it as 'fish fin soup' or did not put it on the menu, but offered it to Mandarin speaking patrons.^Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat . Charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested . Loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into UK for personal consumption .
A cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories. Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version the Easter Feast, which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar, at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk. The Easter Feast breakfast is available at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter . Up for the challenge: Customer Glen Keogh attemps the 4,000-calorie meal which has 388g of sugar . The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons. For £7, customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg, with one half used as a bowl, served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure. Two cereals of choice are added together with a Creme Egg, a handful of Mini Eggs, home-made chocolate brownie and a Flake chocolate bar. Marshmallows and M&M's are thrown into the mix, before the whole dish is generously drizzled in homemade dulce de leche - an Argentinian take on condensed milk - and salted caramel sauce. He starts off in high spirits, pouring the first of the three milks into his chocolate 'bowl' Mr Keogh takes on the Easter Feast (left)  but barely gets through before he regrets his decision (right) Finally, customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk, chocolate, strawberry, vanilla and good old semi-skimmed. Mr Taylor, whose cafe specialises in world cereals, milkshakes and cheesecake, says he has carried his fine-dining and knowledge of being a wine sommelier into Black Milk. He created the Easter Feast Challenge to celebrate the gluttony of Easter. Cadbury's chocolate egg (291g): 150g sugar; 1,400 calories . Baked caremalised white chocolate: 9g sugar; 80 calories . Kosher cereal from Israel: 8g sugar; 150 calories . Toffee crisp cereal: 7.2g sugar; 150g calories . Home-made brownie: 7g sugar; 410 calories . Creme Egg: 26.5g sugar; 177 calories . Mini Eggs: 20.5g sugar; 148 calories . Flake: 16.7g sugar; 171 calories . Dulce de leche: 50g sugar; 315 calories . Salted caramel sauce 10g sugar; 300 calories . Milks: 30g sugar; 300 calories . Marshmallows: 40g sugar; 75 calories . M&Ms: 13g sugar; 140 calories . TOTAL: 3,816 calories. Average man needs 2,500 calories per day. 'It's all in the spirit of Easter,' he said. 'Easter is less about what is used to mean, and now on Easter Sunday people try and go through as many chocolate eggs as they can, so this is another challenge for them. 'No one has managed to finish it yet but we'll be running it until the end of the Bank Holiday to see if anyone can.' He said the initial idea for the Easter Feast came to him after seeing soup served inside giant bread bowls in Paris and he wanted to transfer the concept to the cereal market. 'I want to push it further and come up with wacky concoctions and push the limits of cereal and milk and what you can do with it,' he said. Although his cafe may stake a claim to creating Britain's most tooth-rotting dish, Mr Taylor is keen to point out some of the shop's biggest sellers are muesli, Special K and protein granolas used as an after-gym snack. Sweet-toothed customer Glen Keogh bravely attempted the challenge, opting for Toffee Crisp and a kosher cereal from Israel as his two choices. He said: 'I absolutely love chocolate, so this seemed like it would be a doddle at first. 'After tucking straight into the Crème Egg, the Flake and the brownie, I realised even that was more chocolate than anybody needs to eat in one sitting. 'The cereal was delicious, but like the Easter Egg bowl once the milk was poured, I started to crumble. 'Ten minutes, an aching belly and fuzzy teeth later, I called it a day with just the bowl to spare. My nine-year-old self would have been disappointed, but he didn't have to pay to go to the dentist!' The Easter Feast is made of half a Cadbury's chocolate egg; baked caremelised white chocolate; kosher cereal from Israel; Toffee crisp cereal; home-made brownie; Creme Egg; Mini Eggs; Flake; dulce de leche; salted caramel sauce; three milks; marshmallows and M&M's . Olly Taylor starts the assembly process for his sugar-laden Easter Feast breakfast .^Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies . Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter . 'Easter is less about what is used to mean,' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .
The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services, which include YouTube and the Google+ social network. In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years, Europe could fine Google more than £4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . But the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant – means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules, according to the Financial Times. Google's competitors, including the computer giant Microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm Expedia and TripAdvisor, claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field. And in a further blow to Google, the EU is also expected to probe Google's operating system for Android smartphones. The investigation will centre on whether Google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps, such as YouTube. Google has previously rejected the allegations, and insisted that Android is an open platform that is distributed for free. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve Google with a formal charge sheet . After charges are issued, Google will have ten weeks to reply to Brussels, according to the Financial Times. They will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing. The investigation into Google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission could not agree on settlement terms. Google offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case. Most recently, just over a year ago, it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website. However Europe initially accepted that deal, only to reverse the decision six months later and demand more concessions. Vestager, Europe's competition boss who was the inspiration for the hit Danish political drama series Borgen, took over the job in November and vowed to take Google on. Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU's decade-long battle with Microsoft, which ultimately cost the company £1.6 billion in fines. If Google fails to rebut any formal charges imposed by Brussels, the commission could impose a huge fine which could exceed £4 billion - about 10 per cent of Google's most recent annual revenue. The move will stop short of previous threats that the EU executive could consider breaking up Google to separate its business from the search engine. Google has faced searching antitrust questions across three continents for several years. But the latest move by the EU marks the first time the company has been accused of wrongdoing. The search engine is far more dominant in Europe than it is in the United States – where rivals like Microsoft's Bing enjoy a share of the market. And there has been fierce opposition to the dominance of Google from many countries in the EU. In fact twenty complainants want the search engine to abide by strict rules than ensure it treats its own services the same as it would its rivals. More than two dozen European organisations have filed antitrust complaints against Google. Many are from powerful publishing groups and online firms in Germany. They have previously called on the European regulator to force the American search engine to stop blocking competition in areas like online maps, shopping and travel services. And in France, lawyers have this week called on Google to reveal its secret formula for ranking websites – but Google argues such transparency would expose its business secrets to rivals and leave the search engine vulnerable to spam. Google and the EU commission declined to comment last night. Vestager's department is also looking into the tax affairs of Amazon, Starbucks, Fiat and Apple. In a recent Sunday Times article she said big companies should pay more as they 'are part of our society.' Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU's decade-long battle with Microsoft .^The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy . It could fine Google more than £4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue . Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services . Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market .
Teaching assistant Phil Smith, 25, (pictured) died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . A primary school teaching assistant who forgot to take his keys on a night out died after trying to climb through an upstairs window. Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull, but fell and hit his head. The 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a  bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall. He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9. Mr Smith's parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'. His mother Lisa Darnbrough, 49, said: 'Phil was such a lovely lad. You could not ask for a better son. 'He fought like a hero in hospital for five days after the fall, surprising us and the hospital staff. Sadly, he lost his battle but he gave us five days to come together and have time to say our goodbyes. 'We are so proud of Phil and we will make sure our hero gets the send-off he deserves.' His father, Nick Smith, 50, said: 'He just had such a positive outlook on life, we called it 'Phil's bubble'. 'He found out ways to bring out love in other people which is a rare quality to have.' The 25-year-old was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him. He gained a degree in sports science at the University of Hull and worked as a teaching assistant at Riverside Special School in Goole, Yorkshire, where he met his girlfriend Eve Netherwood. Ms Darnbrough said: 'His eyes lit up when he talked about his job. 'I saw him in the classroom and he just had a natural talent with the children. It was effortless. He was so amazing at interacting with his students.' His mother Lisa Darnbrough, 49, (pictured together) paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children' He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9 . Eve, 28, said: 'Phil was simply amazing and a wonderful boyfriend. We had so many good times together.' Phil played football for Haltemprice in the East Riding County League and a minute's silence will be held at the next game. His manager, Rob Kennington, said: 'He was a manager's dream. He was always the first to training and used to text me constantly to see if he was playing. 'He was very determined and wanted to improve and get better at everything. 'We will do everything we can to make sure people remember him and we are trying to get promoted this season as a legacy for Phil.' The 25-year-old, who also coached young children, was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him .^Phil Smith, 25, forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat . But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window . He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot . Parents paid tribute to 'lovely son' who worked at special needs school .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer. The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane, with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens. But Adebayor's wages will prove a key factor this summer, with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move. Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club . Adebayor (right) is out of favour under current Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino (centre) However, Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves. Chairman Daniel Levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past, but is so keen to show Adebayor the door that he has now changed tact. Adebayor will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent move. A loan switch may suit the former Arsenal man knowing he could net a lucrative free transfer at the end of his Spurs deal in 2016. The 31-year-old Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs . Adebayor is on the peripheries of Pochettino's first-team plans and is unlikely to push himself to the forefront of the Argentine's blueprint any time soon. The form of Harry Kane, coupled with off the field problems, has seen the striker make just nine league starts this season. Despite his problems on-the-pitch, the 31-year-old seems content with life off it as he took to Instagram on Wednesday afternoon. Accompanied with the caption: 'SEA, my African roots made me what I am today. They are the reason I'am here today. I owe the continent a lot. It felt amazing to be back home,' the forward posted via the social media network a picture head-to-toe in African clothing stating his pride in his heritage.^Emmanuel Adebayor's current Tottenham contract runs out in 2016 . The striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane . Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. It was a day I have often tried to forget, but it was the one I must always remember. Approaching the 30th anniversary of the Bradford City fire, it was inevitable I would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match I was commentating on for Yorkshire Television. What I did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident, as Martin Fletcher has done with his book Fifty-Six, the Story of the Bradford Fire. The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985 . Martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind — any bitterness would be understandable — but from everything I have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately. On the contrary, I remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started. Detective Inspector Raymond Falconer actually identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire. This corroborates what I was told at the time by the coroner. He said it was believed the fire had been started by a man, visiting this country from Australia, but his name was never revealed. Without making allegations against the club’s chairman at the time Stafford Heginbotham, there is inference by implication in the book — with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased Heginbotham. As members of his own family were seated in the stand that day, and as it was due to be demolished anyway 48 hours later, it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson. I find it abhorrent that Stafford Heginbotham’s family are being subjected to this unseemly inference at a time when people are still grieving and paying their respects three decades on from the most horrendous day of their lives. There isn’t a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy. It should also never be forgotten that Heginbotham twice saved Bradford City from extinction. As son James said to me: ‘He put that club above everything else, including family and business.’ A memorial at Valley Parade pays tribute those who died  in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago . We all have our memories of a day that still sends a shudder up my spine. I cannot bear to watch the footage. If I hear my voice describing the tragedy as it unfolded I have to leave the room. Many of the 54 Bradford and two Lincoln fans who lost their lives, choked to death with inhalation of fumes. The smell was of acrid tar. As a Bradfordian myself I knew many of those fleeing for their lives, as I attempted to describe the scenes without becoming over-emotional. Thirty years on we try to forget but we must always remember. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.^John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out . He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago . 'From everything I have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately,' says Helm .
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer. McIlroy was filmed battling with fellow Northern Irishman Dornan during a match of Circular Soccer, a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish. Rory McIlroy (left) battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer . The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 . McIlroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth. The 25-year-old did his best to repair the damage of a below-par opening 27 holes but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader Jordan Spieth as the American won his first major. McIlroy is an avid Manchester United fan and the four-time major champion revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child. The 25-year-old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child . McIlroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters in Augusta . Circular Soccer is a new concept that has been devised by Dornan's father, medical professor Jim Dornan, alongside four other experts. FIFA have integrated it into their Global Grassroots Youth Programmes for 2015-2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their elite academy. And with McIlroy trying his luck, it may only be a matter of time before Circular Soccer is played at a park near you.^Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey's Jamie Dornan . McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 . McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters . READ: It won't be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program. After Fallon told Governor Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him; 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' Then, to make amends, Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream. Scroll down for video . Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show (above) and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away. 'You have to share,' screamed Fallon. The ice cream, The Tonight Dough, was named after the show by Ben & Jerry's, and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter cookie dough. Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream (above) Fallon brought out for the two to share . Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election, but he made it clear on the show that he will not be changing himself just to win office. He told Fallon; 'There’s only one Chris Christie. This is it. I’m not gonna be someone else if I run for president.' This after the host pointed out some of his brash behavior in the past, and even compared him to The Hulk. And when pressed about what his decision might be when it came to the presidency, Christie simply said; 'I’ve got a day job which keeps me busy.'^Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share . When asked if he would run for president, Christie said; 'I’ve got a day job which keeps me busy'
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late, according to internal memos. The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac. Delayed: Qantas have been  told they could loose thier eight Heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . Fairfax published an internal a memo sent by Captain Martin Gardiner, manager of base operations at Sydney, that details the airlines failings while insisting can staff improve their waning performance. 'As a result of our performance, London airport has given Qantas an official warning; meaning that we could be fined £20,000 [$AU38,336] for each non-compliance of our slot time, or worse lose our slot.' 'We have been asked to advise Heathrow what our plans are to improve this performance. All areas of the business including flight operations are now monitoring the performance of these services very closely so that we can improve our performance and retain our landing slots in [London].' Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport . While Qantas' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February, they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season. Captain Gardiner reportedly said changes in flight times in the last 12 months had 'placed some additional stress on our network and turn-around times'. A Qantas spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that there are a number of factors that can impact our arrival time into London and because of the way scheduling works, small delays on a long journey have a cumulative knock on affect. 'One of the biggest impacts is air traffic delays to get into Heathrow, which is a particular issue because we arrive at one of the most popular times and the airport is now at about 100 per cent capacity.' He said Qantas will be trying to increase the speed of A380 flights to ensure they make it to Heathrow in time. A Qantas spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame for the late arrivals .^Qantas' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow . The airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport . They are also facing a fine in excess of $38,000 for every flight that's late . Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports .
An Old Bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ‘taking his eye off the ball’ and passing an 'unlawful' sentence when letting a BT manager dodge jail for a £28,000 expenses scam. Wheelchair-bound  Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT. Starrs, along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin, invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation, and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims. Blasted: Judge Nicholas Cooke QC (left) blasted his junior colleague Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC (right) for 'taking his eye off the ball' when he sentenced Christopher Starrs in January this year . Both Starrs and Tamplin, 53, who made £124,000 from the con, admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses. Tamplin was jailed for two years at January's sentencing hearing, but Mr Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ‘act of mercy’ - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £1,500 fine. However, senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ‘unlawful’ - and added Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes. ‘It was an unlawful sentence passed and now I need to do something to put it right, because it was negligence on the parties involved in the matter,’ he said. ‘He was mercifully dealt with, sadly by a judge who didn’t have his eye on the ball.’ The judge told Mark Haslam, defending: ‘The sentence was wrong but that’s a matter of personal opinion. ‘Your client was fortunate to not go straight to prison. ‘What the Recorder did was to impose a package of sentencing options that wasn’t available to him. ‘No one appears to have noticed that the sentencing imposed on Mr Starrs was unlawful. ‘I am sorry to be the headmaster but we really don’t want this sort of thing.’ Fraud: Wheelchair-bound Starrs, 50, was a manager with BT who admitted defrauding the company of £28,000 over two years . The Recorder, who is the head of 4 Bream Buildings chambers and took the Silk in 2006, gave Starrs a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years and ordered to pay a fine, and allowed the confiscation proceeds to continue. But Judge Cooke said it was not possible to imposed a financial penalty at the same time as postponing a confiscation order. Turning his fire on the barristers who were at the sentencing hearing, he added: ‘This is supposed to be a centre of excellence, when you expect the representatives to point out what we can and can’t do. ‘The judge should have been told what his powers were.’ Prosecutor John Ojakovoh said Starrs offered a ‘blank cheque’ at sentencing and has already paid back the £28,000 he stole. After the judge heard the CPS will now drop the confiscation proceedings, he said the original sentence will stand, quipping: ‘He no doubt thanks his lucky stars.’ Both barristers admitted they had failed to spot the sentencing blunder at the time. The main fraudulent claim was for BT vehicles which had been ‘clamped’ by parking authorities. BT Openreach workers are allowed to claim back parking tickets on expenses as they are regularly forced to park their vans illegally to carry out their work. The company pays out around £1million in fines in London alone every year. Starrs and Tamplin used an authentic clamping ticket to reproduce reams of duplicates. Sentencing Recorder Trimmer, who has led a string of high-profile Serious Fraud Office prosecutions in the last two years, said: ‘This was a sophisticated fraud perpetrated over a very long period of time. ‘It involved over 100 or so false claims, made within the context of a large organisation that was open to fraudulent activity. ‘Both of you were in the position of managers within that organisation and both well knew how open the organisation was to fraudulent activity. ‘You both knew how it could be conducted, concealed and be made to benefit each of you personally.’ Starrs, of Northolt, Middlesex, who had worked at BT since 1988, was excused from sitting in the dock because he is in a wheelchair. He was not at court today due to a mix-up over whether he was required to attend.^Christopher Starrs was spared jail in an 'act of mercy' by judge in January . But senior judge has now said his colleague took 'his eye off the ball' Nicholas Cooke QC said wheelchair-bound Starrs should have been jailed . But added Starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand .
All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday. The 30-year-old hit five in Real's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far. Ronaldo's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season. Spanish paper Marca (left) previews Real Madrid's trip to Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward Cristiano Ronaldo after his five-goal haul against Granada at the weekend . And going into Wednesday's Madrid derby, Marca builds up to the match by focusing on Ronaldo. Leading with the headline: 'Captain Thunder against Rayo,' the paper states that Ronaldo 'arrives unleashed after his exhibition against Granada.' In addition Marca adds that Ronaldo will be up against Rayo striker Alberto Bueno - the highest scoring Spaniard in the league at present with 15 goals. Meanwhile in Catalonia, Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona's clash against Almeria on Wednesday night - and more so the importance of Lionel Messi. If he plays at the Nou Camp, it would be the 50th consecutive week that the Argentina maestro has done so in the Spanish top flight - dating back to January 11, 2014. Barca coach Luis Enrique says he will make changes against Almeria - but Mundo adds that if Messi isn't spared then it is 'cruel' on the 27-year-old. Meanwhile in Italy, the reaction from Juventus' Coppa Italia semi-final triumph over their bitter rivals Fiorentina continues. Over in Italy, the papers focus on Juventus' 3-0 Coppa Italia semi-final second leg win over Fiorentina . Goals from Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci saw Juve overturn a 2-1 first leg deficit to win 4-2 on aggregate at the home of the Viola. Corriere dello Sport hails the visitors' performance with the headline 'Tre-mendous Juventus' adding that manager Massimiliano Allegri produced a tactical masterpiece to seal victory without a number of his regular starters - including star striker Carlos Tevez. Aside from Juventus' win, Corriere dello Sport and Tuttosport both report that Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is being linked with a move to AC Milan. The 28-year-old is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the French capital, often shunted out wide to get the best out of the Swedish striker. And Tuttosport adds that the Uruguay international has been offered to Milan - with the deal currently being 'weighed up.'^Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 in La Liga at the weekend . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season . Real travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night . Juventus won 3-0 at Fiorentina to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday .
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his England career. Flintoff, speaking at the England and Wales Cricket Board's NatWest T20 launch, sees a bright summer and lasting future ahead for 'probably the premier tournament' in this country. The dual Ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced, however, about Pietersen's prospects of forcing his way back into Test contention. Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad . Former England star Andrew Flintoff thiks time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career . Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his CV but will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins, and Flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side. The controversial record-breaking batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook's team were whitewashed 5-0 in Australia, but has taken heart from incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves' hints that there may be a way back after all. Pietersen and his agent have both spoken of the 'clean slate' being presented to him, and he began restating his case by hitting 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since June 2013. Flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for Pietersen. 'He's a fantastic player, but nobody just walks into any team - especially the England team, 'I'm back, I'm here, I'm playing',' Flintoff told Press Association Sport. England have won their last three Tests under Cook, pre-dating a miserable World Cup, and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first match of three in the West Indies. Pietersen has not featured for England since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago . It is hard to identify anyone in their middle order who should step aside, on current form. 'Which of them do you say "you're not playing!" for Kevin to come in?' Flintoff said. 'I just think Kevin is running out of time a little bit. 'If he'd started the season last year with Surrey, and scored run after run and put himself in the position... whereas now I think he's looking at the Ashes and he's just running out of time. 'That's not to say he (definitely) won't feature, but I can't imagine it's going to be in the near future.' Flintoff is optimistic about England's fortunes, despite their winter woes, with or without Pietersen. 'Alastair Cook is so important, and you get the sense everyone within the England set-up wants him as captain,' he said. 'He's a popular lad, and a great player. 'Peter Moores, there aren't enough words for me to describe how great he is as a person and coach - an amazing bloke.' The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket . England, Flintoff believes, just need a little more support. 'I think sometimes as a pundit, ex-player, you forget how difficult it can be,' he added. 'In Australia, you have all the ex-players talking to the current players and you get a sense that everyone wants Australia to do well. 'With England, I've never had a sense of that. 'It's about time we started talking them up. I think it's time we started supporting the side, getting behind Cook, Moores, the players. 'It's very easy to take cheap shots and swipes and pick out a player who hasn't moved his feet. (I think) maybe we should be a bit better than that, and start celebrating the lads a bit.' He is enthusiastic too about this summer's T20 Blast, insisting it is no poor relation of the Indian Premier League - or the Big Bash, in which he played last winter for Brisbane Heat. Flintoff says Alastair Cook is so important to England despite poor showing in the first Test against West indies . Flintoff said: 'The competition gets stronger. It's probably the premier tournament of the domestic game now, with the crowds and excitement behind it. 'We're seeing that, with some of the players coming over - the world's best, Chris Gayle, Brendon McCullum, (Glenn) Maxwell, (Aaron) Finch. 'I played in the Big Bash, and the standard was high (but) this stands up as a competition. 'You turn up at Old Trafford for Lancashire-Yorkshire, and get 25,000 people, then to Chelmsford where they're playing in front of packed houses - so I don't subscribe to that. 'Anything in this country, we look at things abroad and say everything is far better over there. 'We don't really focus on what we've got. Flintoff shares a joke with players at the Natwest T20 Blast launch at Edgbaston on Thursday . 'I didn't see anything within the Big Bash and thought 'this is far better than what we've got at home'.' Whether at 37 he will be a part of the Blast again, after coming out of retirement and so nearly helping Lancashire to win the tournament last summer, is another matter. 'I'm not arrogant enough to think I can just walk into the Lancashire dressing-room and say 'I'm back, I'm playing',' he added. 'The one reason I wanted to play (last year) is because I love it and I never want to look back at my life, when I'm older, and think 'I wish I'd done that'. 'I don't see failing as a problem. But I see not having a go as a crime. 'So I thought "I'm going to have a go", and I certainly loved it.'^Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England 14 months ago after Ashes defeat . Batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for Surrey last week . Pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the England side this year . But Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next. Needless to say, we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara. It wasn’t a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas – a fight Carl wanted. Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next. I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin’s manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins, but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Carl. Carl Froch (left) has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May . Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week . There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell’s IBF world title fight against James DeGale, which is the biggest bout of this trio. Anthony Dirrell’s people have already been in touch with me about a Froch fight in the event that he wins, but I wonder if it is big enough. A fight against DeGale still feels to me like the most probable, if he comes through against Dirrell on May 23. That is a huge fight, a proper 50-50, but I fully believe he can do it. For me, from talking to Carl, I think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return. If doesn’t come back this year, I don’t think he will. He has been a year out of the ring so let’s see. I know he is going to have an eagle eye on all these fights. The possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard. He is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week. The guy has the hunger but it has to be for the right fight and the right money. My belief is still that it might be DeGale. DeGale has looked sensational in camp and is improving at a brilliant rate – if he wins the title over in the US he will be in a great position. I mentioned Golovkin before. When I was on the phone to Carl he spent 20 minutes talking about the guy. He is a fighter that absolutely fascinates him; it’s a fight that would get everyone talking. I am looking at it. It would have to be at 168lbs and it would be special. I wouldn’t want to be the one to find out how Golovkin punches at the weight but Carl has a sick mind like that. I’m not going to rule that one out. James DeGale (right) has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return . Another option for Froch could be a rematch with Ward, should the American beat Paul Smith . After a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water. We received no offers from their side and made three of our own – we offered a 50-50 split, a 60-40 in favour of the winner and also a £1.5m guarantee to Frampton. I sent that last offer in writing to them and had no response. You ask yourself who is making these decisions? It is life-changing money for Frampton that has been offered. Let’s hope they don’t spend the rest of their lives kicking themselves. Scott will move on and fight on July 18. I can guarantee that in his next fight he will fight a tougher opponent than Frampton will. Scott Quigg (right, in action against Hidenori Othake) will fight on July 18 against an unnamed opponent . Carl Frampton's team failed to make an offer to fight Quigg, according to his promoter Hearn . Hearn went live on Sky Sports to offer Frampton and his team £1.5m to fight Quigg . Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham, where he will fight Rafael Zumbano Love, the South American champion. He is 6ft 4ins and this will be a good test for Anthony against a big man before he then has his 02 fight against Kevin Johnson on May 30. We are keeping him busy, which is what he wants. I saw him in the gym this week and he is looking awesome. After the Johnson fight he will be out again on July 18 in Manchester and then in September in a big fight. Watch this space. Anthony Joshua (left) beat Jason Gavern (right) last time out and will now face Rafael Zumbano Love .^If Carl Froch doesn't fight in 2015 I'm not sure he'll be back at all . A blockbuster with James DeGale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat - but Anthony Dirrell has made contact . Scott Quigg-Carl Frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO. The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the  cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube, prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life. Spine-chilling: The creepy footage shows a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO . Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared. Once the cloud had rapidly dispersed, no trace of it was left in the sky. Speaking to local news website Today.kz, villager Oleg Menshikov said: 'It was like a black cloud. We saw it at around 4 pm on April 3. It dissipated like smoke, but it was completely odourless.' Within minutes of the video being shared online, YouTube users began to question whether the thick black hoop was an alien spacecraft, while others suggested it might just be cigarette smoke immediately in front of the camera but giving the perception it is in the sky. Others thought the cloud was likely to be a naturally occurring weather event known as a thermal microburst, which is caused by a falling mass of warm air. Mysterious: The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace . Dispersing rapidly: Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air. Speaking to Russia Today, Andrey Solodovnik - associate physics professor at the Northern Kazakhstan State University - dismissed suggestions the cloud was caused by aliens. He said that based on similar clouds seen in the skies in recent years, the giant black hoop was likely to have been little more than a smoke ring generated by combustion at nearby factories. Plenty of industrial machinery is known to create ring-shaped clouds of smoke, though these are usually lighter-coloured, considerably less dense and vanish in just one or two minutes. In the latest instance it is likely the cloud was far more visible and hung around in the sky for much longer than usual for the simple reason it was cloudless day with little to no wind.^Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy . The perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes . Eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Youtube . While some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft, experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time, in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars. Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence. In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred. In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. Scroll down for video . Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time, in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars . Members of the Barrio 18 gang wait to be admitted on their arrival to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary, their loyalty made patently clear by the huge tattoos on their backs . A member of the Barrio 18 gang waits to be admitted upon arrival to the San Francisco Gotera penitentiary . Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence . In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or M13 . And they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are. The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls. Prisons director Rodil Hernandez said last week in San Salvador that the gang members were moved from regular prisons to the maximum security lockup where they will be completely isolated from the outside world. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor . A Salvadoran policeman guards members of the Barrio 18 gang upon their arrival to the San Francisco Gotera penitentiary . Just last week eight gang members were killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El Salvador . Gang members in El Salvador were found to be running crime from behind bars, leading to the government taking steps to curb their activities . Last Thursday, some 300,000 Salvadorans marched in the capital, one of 12 demonstrations around the country calling foran end to violence . Violence in El Salvador has increased over the past year after a 2012 truce between Barrio 18 and MS 13 started to unravel . In January, the Salvadoran government authorized the policeto shoot 'without any fear of suffering consequences' if threatened by gang members . Members of the Barrio 18 gang stand up against the windows of a bus outside the San Francisco Gotera jail . Two Barrio 18 gang members sprint after they get off the prison bus, their arms handcuffed and intertwined . He said investigations indicated these gang members had ties to some recent attacks on state institutions. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor. Just last week eight gang members were . killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El . Salvador, according to police, the same day as hundreds of . thousands of people marched around the country for an end to . rising violence. Police raided the farm in the city of San Jose Villanueva, . south of San Salvador, after complaints from residents, . according to a statement. The gang members fired first, the police said, and one . officer was lightly injured. The gang members were part of  Barrio 18, according to the prosecutor's office. Salvadoran soldiers and policemen secure a crime scene in the town of Zacatecoluca on April 18, 2015. At least nine members of the gang Barrio 18 were killed in El Salvador the previous week in a confrontation with the army . A heavily armoured policeman watches as handcuffed gang members board a bus for the prison transfer . In January, the Salvadoran government authorized the police . to shoot 'without any fear of suffering consequences' if . threatened by gang members. Violence in El Salvador has increased over the past year . after a 2012 truce between Barrio 18 - also known as 18th Street Gang, because it started in the 1960s near 18th Street in LA's Rampart District  - and MS-13 started to unravel. Last Thursday, some 300,000 Salvadorans marched in the . capital, one of 12 demonstrations around the country calling for . an end to violence. 'This is a fight that we are going to win, all Salvadorans, . because we are going to take on the challenge of continuing to . work for the respect for life, to deepen peace, and to make sure . that justice prevails,' Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez . Ceren said at the march in the capital. An imprisoned member of street gang Mara 18 poses for a photograph at the Izalco prison, about 40 miles from San Salvador on May 20, 2013 . A jailed gang member poses for a photograph at the maximum security jail of Izalco in Sonsonate in 2013 . Members of the MS 13 Mara Salvatrucha street gang flash their gang's hand sign from inside a jail cell at a police station in San Salvador in 2012 . An imprisoned member of  Mara 18 poses for a photograph at the Izalco prison on May 20, 2013 . A member of Mara Salvatrucha poses for a picture at the National Penitentiary in Tamara, Honduras, in 2006 . A former leader of the Mara Salvatrucha gang poses during a photo session at Comayagua jail in Honduras in 2008 .^Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses . In total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - Mara Salvatrucha . The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are .
Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. All of a sudden, there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely. As a Chelsea player and coach, Clarke has fought hard across the capital with Arsenal over the years but through the first-half at Wembley, his Reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents. They were flat. They backed off and defended, and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year. Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium . Arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon. Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez, bought for a total of more than £70million, combined to open the scoring. What could Reading do with that sort of money? Ozil and Sanchez swaggered down the tunnel for the start of the second-half, deep in conversation, planning more damage but Reading stirred, found an equaliser and were able to add urgency to their game. Clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline. His team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling FA Cup semi-final. It was their first since 1927, so it would have been a shame to go home without a fight. As for Clarke, this must have felt good. He has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football’s elite since he was sacked by West Brom, but here he detected an FA Cup final as Wojciech Szczesny was unable to keep out a deflected volley from Garath McCleary. The Reading boss won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994, a game he considers a defining moment in the history of the West London club. Reading's Garath McCleary (bottom right) celebrates after scoring a shock equaliser against Arsenal . But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time . Clarke consoles his dejected keeper following the full-time whistle at Wembley . They barely looked back and were tightening their grip on a fourth Barclays Premier League title as Reading took Arsenal in extra-time. For all their quality, Arsene Wenger’s team still have vulnerabilities. Clarke, having learned much at the shoulder of Jose Mourinho, will have been aware of that. He will have been disappointed with the first-half display but hugely proud of their response and the desire they showed. In the end, Reading were unable to wreck Arsenal’s defence of the trophy or Wenger’s drive towards becoming only the second manager in history to win it six times, after George Ramsay with Aston Villa, all prior to 1920. But, as Clarke goes back to the Championship and a home game against Birmingham, he will take strength from this display and use it to inspire his return to the top-flight. Despite the defeat, Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .^Reading lost 2-1 against Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . Royals took much fancied Gunners to extra-time after 1-1 draw . Steve Clarke will take strength from impressive Reading display .
England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night's 1-1 draw with Italy. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay. Stopping in Manchester for the side's northern-based players and staff before moving on to London, players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend. Michael Carrick (left) and Wayne Rooney (right) lead the northern-based England players off the flight home . England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff, including Carrick and Rooney (left) and Gary Neville (right) to disembark after the draw with Italy in Turin . Jordan Henderson makes his way down the steps from England's delayed flight home from Turin . Everton pair Phil Jones (left) and Ross Barkley (right) will be back into training ahead of facing Southampton . The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed . Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester. Andros Townsend was England's hero on Tuesday night, equalising with 11 minutes to play at the Juventus Stadium after Southampton's Graziano Pelle had opened the scoring for the hosts. Townsend along with his Tottenham team-mates Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon as they said their goodbyes to Chelsea defender Gary Cahill and Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne. Hodgson's squad next meet up at the end of the club season in June for their Dublin friendly against Republic of Ireland and a trip to Slovenia that should see them reinforce their position as comfortable leaders at the top of European Championship qualifying group E. England hero Andros Townsend (right) gets off the plane at Luton Airport on Wednesday with Nathaniel Clyne . The pair were joined by Tottenham trio Ryan Mason (left), Harry Kane (centre) and Kyle Walker . Kane says his goodbyes to international team-mate Gary Cahill at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon . Jagielka shakes hands with Henderson as the Merseyside rivals head back to their respective clubs . Chris Smalling was substituted on Tuesday night with illness but did not have to be escorted from the plane . Goalkeeper Joe Hart will be heading back to Manchester City ahead of their trip to Crystal Palace on Monday . After a difficult start to the game in Turin, England finished positively with Barkley one of the stadn-out performers. The Everton midfielder has had a difficult season but once again showed his potential to reach the top in an England shirt. 'Ross is a terrific player,' Rooney said afterwards. 'He is a terrific young player and I think he can have an impact when he comes on. 'He did that, he took the ball, he ran at the Italian defenders and made it difficult for them. 'Hopefully, he can kick on now for the rest of the season.' Phil Jones started in midfield but moved into defence where he will play for Manchester United this weekend . Everton midfielder  Barkley will be hoping he can raise his club form to match his Tuesday performance . Andros Townsend celebrates his equaliser with his England team-mates at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday .^England drew 1-1 with Italy in an international friendly in Turin on Tuesday . Their flight home after the game was delayed due to a technical problem . But the team arrived safely in Manchester on Wednesday lunchtime . Roy Hodgson's players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .
That's not a light lunch, it's just bad lighting, say administrators at a Virginia School standing up for their FLOTUS approved school meals. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. Scroll down for video . Look appetizing?: A corned mother took a photo of her child's lunch, a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Reasoning: Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules . After the photo began circulating the web, Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks, reports EAG News. 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,' he said in a statement released to the media. 'The meal in this photo and other meals served by Portsmouth Public Schools meet nutritional and USDA requirements,' said Gelhoff. According to the school district's lunch menu from their website, Tuesday’s lunch options included spicy Cajun fish with brown rice, a cold cut turkey sandwich, a chef's salad, fresh orange or canned fruit, and 1 per cent skim milk. Wavy took a poll asking people if the though the lunch seemed acceptable and 92.3 per cent of people who voted didn't believe that the lunch looked palatable. 'No child should go to school hungry – it’s that simple,' committee chair Rep. John Kline said at a House Education and Workforce Committee this week. 'Today’s discussion is not about whether we agree on this basic principle; I am confident we all do. Instead, our discussion today is about beginning a larger effort we will continue in the coming months to ensure the best policies are in place to help reach this goal,' he continued. Another paltry lunch: This lunch posted in October shows another American student's dissatisfaction with the school meal . Squeamish: This school lunch allegedly shows a maggot found in a child's green beans . The School Nutrition association doesn’t think Michelle Obama's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed for the National School Lunch Program. ‘That will help school food authorities afford the foods that we must serve, but unfortunately that won’t make students consume it,’ SNA President Julia Bauscher said during testimony. ‘And that’s what we’re also focused on…finding ways to ensure students will eat the healthy foods that we’re making available to them and not throw it in the trash.’ Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the 'shortcomings' of her Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act scheme. Students and parents  posted photos of Michelle Obama's 'measly' school lunches in February and in October of last year. The images, which were all posted on Twitter with the hashtag #ThanksMichelleObama, range from a slice of moldy salami in a wrap and a green hotdog to a small portion of salad with a side of cheese, to a maggot found in a child's green beans. Filling?: Another student posted this dissatisfying lunch to their Twitter last year .^A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it online . 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,'Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said . The School Nutrition association doesn't think Michelle Obama's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
Rome (CNN)The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily, the Italian military said Friday. The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel, according to a statement by the Italian Navy. It said during the operation, rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured. The Airone, carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians, had embarked from Mazara del Vallo in Sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp. The Airone's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized, according to Vito Mazzarino, the boat's owner. "At a certain point a tug boat came up and flanked the fish boat and some Libyans came on board," Mazzarino said, quoting the captain, Alberto Figuccia. "They were armed. And at that point chaos erupted." Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa. Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast, to flee war and poverty. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015, according to the International Organization for migration. On Monday, gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a wooden boat that was being used to transport migrants, according to Frontex, the European Union's border management agency. That incident occurred 60 nautical miles from the Libyan coast. The 250 migrants on board had already been transferred on to a different boat, Frontex said on its website. "This is a sign that smugglers in Libya are running short of boats and are more willing to use weapons to recover those used to transport the migrants," said Fabrice Leggeri, Frontex's executive director, in a news release. Italian police: Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard .^Italian Navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers . Boat was being steered towards Libyan port of Misrata . Italian navy says shots were fired accidentally, one fisherman injured .
A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the 'dark web' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online. Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman, 19, died alongside his brother Jacques, 20, in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web. At Bolton Coroner's Court today, Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths, adding that it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way.' Torin Lakeman, 19 (left), and brother Jacques, 20 (right), died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web' The brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch Manchester United play a game against Hull at Old Trafford in December last year . The brothers, both from the Isle of Man, were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford. The court was told that Torin, a student of Physics and Planetary studies at Aberystwyth University, had bought MDMA from website Agora from an anonymous seller with the 'handle' Stone Island. Torin's housemate Ethan Bradley said he bought the drugs to 'have a good weekend', and that he would use the drug recreationally, but was not addicted to it. Coroner Alan Walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs, adding he would be writing to the Home Secretary . Jacques was living in Chingford, London, at the time with his grandmother while training to be a chef, so travelled to meet Torin in Manchester, where the pair booked into the pub for the weekend. The hearing was told that both brothers had taken the drug on separate occasions. The pair watched as Manchester United won their match against Hull 3-0, and father Raymond Lakeman said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together. He said: 'They were brothers so they had fallings out but on the whole they got on as best friends. 'They wanted to go and watch Manchester United play Hull City. I booked the tickets and sent them over with two football shirts for them. 'It was the first time they had ever done anything together like this. They didn't know anybody in Manchester. They were looking forward to seeing each other. 'My wife and I were happier than we had been for weeks and months and years.' Landlord William Pilkington later saw them in the bar and when asked whether they appeared to be drunk, he said they were 'on something else'. Detective Inspector Joanne Clawson from Greater Manchester Police said CCTV from a local shop caught them buying two bottles of WKD and a packet of chewing gum which they took back to their hotel. The alcohol was never consumed. Torin was the last to be seen when he came down from their room at around 9.30pm to ask for the pub's WIFI password. Both of the boys' bodies were found on Monday morning, when pub worker Michael Lawrence went to clean the room they had been staying in. Bolton Coroner's Court was told that Jacques, along with his brother Torin, had both consumed the drug before on separate occasions (pictured, Jacques alongside an unknown friend) The court heard that Torin (pictured left, with a friend) bought the drugs via website Agora which cannot be accessed through regular websites, before travelling to Manchester to meet his brother . Mr Lawrence told the inquest: 'I went into room five and saw one of the males on the floor in the room. At that stage I didn't see the other one. 'My colleague went into the room and found the body of the other male in this was on the far side of the bed that would have been hidden from view. Ray Lakeman, the boys' father, said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together, and even bought shirts for the pair . 'I was asked to check by police whether there was any evidence of tablets or drugs or anything untoward and I didn't see anything.' A post mortem on Jacques body found he had 6.15mg of MDMA per litre of blood in his body - almost six times the 'lethal' amount of 1.7mg. He also had 229mg of alcohol in his blood - almost three times the drink drive limit. His brother Torin was found to have 7.08mg of ecstasy in his body, while his blood alcohol levels were lower at 87mg. Pathologist Dr Patrick Ward told the inquest: 'If a person is not used it on a regular basis the impact may be greater. In batches of any drug there are different levels of toxicity. 'They could have taken the same amount but the concentration could have been different. I would anticipate they took the same amounts each.' Recording a narrative verdict, Mr Walsh said: 'They had a great day which makes the tragedy of these deaths even harder to accept. 'There was concern as to the quality and quantity of ecstasy in terms of concentration and that may well have been a factor in terms of the ultimate impact. 'They were likely to be tablet form but when they were taken and where taken is unknown. MDMA is known as ecstasy and I accept there were sufficient quantities in the blood to cause death.' He added: ' I accept the drugs were obtained by use of the internet and the drugs delivered to him from an unknown source by use of the internet on the dark web. 'I am concerned about the ability of young people to obtain elicit substances using the internet. 'I am well aware that is a global problem and little can be done to avoid this supply line being used. The death of Jacques and Torin identify a great problem - the dark web. Recording a narrative verdict, Mr Walsh said the issue of the dark web concerned him 'as a father and a grandfather' (pictured, Torin Lakeman) 'The dark web identified an anonymous supplier and the supplier exists behind the veil - a confidential and sophisticated veil. 'In the case of Jacques and Torin I hear reference to Stone Island and reference to Agora. I believe these matter should be reported to the Home Secretary. 'Young people have a natural ability these days with regard interned who find it much easier to access these dark sites and have available to them supply of drugs by simply ordering on the internet and delivering to address. 'As a father and grandfather it is a frightening prospect.'^Torin Lakeman, 19, died in December last year with brother Jacques, 20 . Torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to 'have a good weekend' But pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in Manchester . Today coroner said he was 'frightened' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
Like many twins, they are dressed alike, right down to their pink and white bootees. But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins. They are one in a million. An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white. Father Curtis Martin and mother Rebecca Horton cradle twins Kendall (centre left) and Baylee (centre right) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . Miss Horton, 28, is white, while Mr Curtis, 24, is half Jamaican. Their twins' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical, though it is still highly unlikely . The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related. And their mother, Rebecca Horton, said: ‘When they were born, we kept staring at both of them – we couldn’t believe it. ‘It was a lovely feeling and a big shock. ‘One thing I know for sure is that family and friends won’t ever struggle to tell them apart.’ The little girls’ contrasting looks can be traced back to their parents. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. As non-identical twins, they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm. This means they have inherited different genes from their parents. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone. Mr Curtis says that the couple do get looks when they are out in public with the girls, and admits that if he saw somebody with them, he would struggle to believe they were related . The girls also have very different personalities, as well as different skin tones. Kedall (left) is very relaxed and likes to sleep a lot, but Baylee (right) cries a lot and demands lots of attention . But, in odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin. And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin, passed on from her mixed-race father. The twins also have very different characters. Kendall, who weighed 6lb 1oz when she was born three months ago, is very laid-back and likes nothing more than to sleep the day away. The pair say that since having twins they have forgotten what it feels like to have a good night's sleep, but say they wouldn't have it any other way . In contrast, Baylee, who was slightly heavier at 6lb 5oz , is ‘loud and needy’ and loves attention. This could come in useful, as she and her sister are already attracting attention wherever they go. Their mother, a 28-year-old delivery driver for Asda, said: ‘When people look in the pram and see that one is darker than the other, they will sometimes be a bit thrown and ask if they are twins. ‘They are shocked when we say yes.’ Mr Martin, a 24-year-old builder from Kingswinford in the West Midlands, told the Sun: ‘Everybody loves them. ‘We’ve got used to it but you hear people whisper as we walk past. ‘If I saw them out, I don’t think I’d believe they were related.’ The couple, who also have a five-year-old son called Coby, knew from quite early on in the pregnancy that Rebecca was having twins. However, they weren’t prepared for how much work would be involved. But while they have completely forgotten what it is like to have a good night’s sleep, they wouldn’t have it any other way. Allan Pacey, a Sheffield University fertility doctor, said that just as twins can have different hair or eyes, they can also be born with skin of different colours. And just as a baby’s hair often changes with age, with blonde hair, for instance, darkening, the twins’ skin may yet change. This could lead to them looking more similar – or even more different. Professor Pacey said the girls’ contrasting skin colours are caused by the way their parents’ genes were shuffled before being passed on. He said: ‘This shuffling has created something that is completely unexpected and throws us but it is just nature’s way of making us diverse.’ Twins can be created in two different ways. Either by one sperm fertilizing one egg, which then splits into two foetuses, or by two different sperm fertilizing two different eggs. The first method leads to monozygotic, or identical twins, who share the same set of DNA, and so will be the same sex and largely share the same physical characteristics. The second method will create dizygotic, or non-identical twins, who do not share the same genetic material and can therefore be born as different genders and with different physical characteristics. Kendall and Baylee are dizygotic twins, which explains their contrasting skin tone, though having twins with such a drastic difference in colour is still extremely rare. The fact that they share a gender is completely down to chance.^Rebecca Horton, 28, and Curtis Martin, 24, had twins Kendall and Baylee . Girls are non-identical, meaning they do not share the same set of DNA . This means their physical characteristics and genders can vary . However, having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
It was a tall order for workman but they have successfully completed the latest tourist attraction in China expected to draw the crowds. The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China, and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - which is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America. Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below them. Work on the £3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day. It is now open to anyone who dares... Overhang: Workmen apply the finishing touches to the cantilevered platform in Chongqing, which measures 27 metres from the edge of the cliff and 718 metres above the river in the basin below . Stunning views: The observation deck, perched on top of a 718-metre cliff, boasts incredible views over Yunyang County in China . Bottomless walkway: Workers remove the wooden planks and reveal the see-through walkway visitors will experience at the tourist attraction . Bottom up: The view directly below the skywalk shows how thick and sturdy the 900-tonne engineering feat has to be to support itself . Clifftop views: The blue sky can be seen through the transparent panels of the new £3.7 million tourist attraction opening in China . Long way down: The beautiful blue waters of the river can be seen a full 718 metres below the viewing deck . Second place: The cantilevered platform in Chongqing, China, is five metres longer than the skywalk at the Grand Canyon, pictured .^The £3.7 million structure is the longest skywalk in the world beating one at the Grand Canyon by five metres . The cantilevered platform in Chongqing offers visitors a 720 degree view of the canyon below . Glass platforms and transparent barriers mean people get an unobstructed view of the natural beauty spot .
Liverpool's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Steven Gerrard, according to Reds legend Robbie Fowler. Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers' side to the final at Wembley. But ahead of Wednesday night's quarter-final replay with Blackburn, Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard (right) trains alongside Rickie Lambert at Melwood on Monday . Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension . Reds legend Robbie Fowler, pictured with Kenny Dalglish, says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard . Fowler told goal.com: 'Everyone would absolutely love Steven to win it, what with this being his last season and possibly last game, and hopefully that will be the case. 'But Liverpool have got to get themselves into the position where they can't do this just for Steven Gerrard. They've got to do it for every individual involved with the club. That's the way it should be.' Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves the second match of a three-game suspension and Fowler hopes that Jordan Henderson and Co put their missing captain to the back of their minds . 'If you put too much effort in for one man, maybe you can get a little bit too excited or overboard,' added Fowler. 'As much as it would be Steven's last game, they've got to get past that and just do it for themselves. 'In an ideal world, they'll do it, and no-one would love it more than me. Steven deserves to go out on a high but they've got to do it for themselves. It's not all about Steven.' Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth £100,000-a-week. Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield . Fowler believes Sterling, pictured training on Monday, should stay at Liverpool to develop his game . Writing in his column for the Daily Mirror, Fowler said: 'I think it’s nonsense to suggest Sterling will have to go elsewhere to win trophies and fulfil all these dreams he’s apparently got. 'In the space of two seasons, with a very, very young team that will only get better, they should have won the league, should have beaten Chelsea in a semi to get to Wembley... and should play in an FA Cup Final there in May. 'I was brought up at Anfield and still work there, so what else am I going to think?, but he’d be crazy to go at this stage in his development, especially because he’s being guided by a special manager who has already turned Luis Suarez into one of the best players in the world... and earned Luis the money to go with that status.'^Liverpool face Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday . The FA Cup final could be Steven Gerrard's last game for the club . Robbie Fowler insists Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard . Raheem Sterling should remain at Anfield, according to Fowler .
(CNN)Recently, a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. What exactly is "service of process"? Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle: if you are going to sue someone, you should at least let them know about it. Sounds simple, right?  In theory it is.  In practice, it turns out people don't like being sued.  It also turns out that, to many defendants, procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense. Just as you may avoid bad news in life, defendants tend to avoid process servers.  Once a defendant has been served, that means the judicial proceedings begin.  Unfortunately, that means defendants have an incentive to go "off the grid". Although every state is different, the law of service of process has evolved this way: the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person, and have some proof that the person was the defendant. In-person service is not always possible, for obvious reasons.  So, the law had to develop methods of alternate service, but carefully balance a defendant's right to have notice of a lawsuit, against a diligent plaintiff's access to court if a defendant is avoiding the inevitable. As reliable as the U.S. mail is, regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers.  Not because the postmen can't be trusted; they can. Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom of night, will keep them from delivering those papers.  Instead, it's defendants -- no wait, all of humanity -- that can't be trusted.  Every one of us has ignored mail or even pretended we didn't get it.  Defendants are no different. One form of alternate service is "nail and mail" service.  This means that you take a hammer and nail, and nail the papers to the defendant's front door.  The problem with that is that many defendants are nomadic by nature.  Just because you find a house that a defendant stayed at, doesn't mean he'll be back there anytime soon. Another, even odder form of "service" is service by publication.  This is an almost laughable legal fiction.  If you can't find a defendant, a judge might let you serve by publication.  That means that a plaintiff can take out an ad in five point font for a week in an obscure publication, on the off chance you are reading the classified ads of the Secaucus Law Journal looking for lawsuits against you.  As laughable as serving someone by tweeting it sounds, it's at least more rational than this antiquated method. At first blush, the idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him.  When it comes to serving papers, however, "traditional" doesn't necessarily mean "good."  Service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable; it's just service of last resort. For those people who are concerned that being served papers will become a Facebook announcement in a news feed, along with the photos of dinner or kittens, to be "liked" by all your gawking "friends," we're not quite there ... yet. While the older forms of alternate service were public, most electronic service takes the form of email.  Where email isn't available, it is Facebook private messaging, which should be as private as email.  That's the form of service authorized by the court here.  So for now, we're not quite putting lawsuits on Instagram ... but I wouldn't rule it out in the future. Online service may be a new frontier, but it's not unheard of. Most of us exist more online now than we "live" in a particular condo, or Mom's basement. Virtually everyone has a phone or access to the Internet.  Not everyone has a lease or a mortgage.  Plus, online service has the added benefit of tracking.  Believe me, somewhere, some computer has already logged the fact that you read this article, how long you read it, and even how far down you scrolled before you got bored and bailed on the article (thanks for still being here, by the way).  In a way, maybe online service is long overdue.  You can outrun a process server for a while, but sooner or later, all of us have to go back online -- and no human can outrun an email.^A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook . Danny Cevallos: Why not let people be found via social media?
A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors, cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes. When tumours in the lungs are suspected, patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease, often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. Scroll down for video . A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube. An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample. Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment. EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques. And as well as getting a quicker diagnosis, patients who have undergone EBUS survive for longer. Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (pictured) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . They survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared with 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods. This is probably due to the fact that EBUS can more accurately diagnose the type of cancer involved and therefore the type of treatment needed. Consultant Dr Neal Navani, who has been testing the technique, said the results had been so impressive that he now hoped the procedure would be rolled out across the NHS. ‘EBUS routinely prevents the need for scans, tests and operations and speeds up the route to the correct treatment,’ he says. He adds: ‘The trial showed that the new procedure is quicker and better – it halves the time to the start of treatment at no additional cost.’ BBC political editor Nick Robinson announced that doctors found a tumour on his lung earlier this year . More than 40,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer in the UK every year, yet the disease is notoriously difficult to treat as it is often spotted at a late stage. The BBC’s political editor Nick Robinson announced earlier this year that doctors had found a tumour on his lung, and he has since undergone a successful operation to remove the growth. Diagnosing lung cancer can be a challenge – X-rays are not always definitive as it is hard to distinguish between cancer and other lung conditions. A biopsy is the traditional way to check conclusively whether a patient has lung cancer. However, obtaining a tissue sample can be difficult as lung cancer often spreads to the lymph nodes in the chest and these are hard to reach. This means that surgery may be necessary before a doctor can be sure that the disease is present, resulting in a wait for results. The health of many cancer patients can deteriorate because these delays mean they are not started immediately on lifesaving treatments such as chemotherapy. By comparison, the EBUS allows doctors to look directly into the windpipe and breathing tubes, while the ultrasound scanner can check the lymph glands in the centre of the chest for cancer. One patient who received faster treatment thanks to the EBUS technique is retired sales worker Maureen Mullen. The 65-year-old from Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, had already had a tumour removed from her lung in September 2013, and underwent a double mastectomy the following March after being diagnosed with breast cancer. Then in June last year, she began to feel breathless while on holiday in Spain. When she returned home to Britain, she was given the devastating news that she had a new lump behind her breastbone. Her doctors could not be sure what type of cancer it was without investigating further, so they recommended she have the pioneering EBUS procedure. ‘They said I was a very sick lady,’ reveals Maureen. ‘My consultant explained the procedure to me and I was taken into the operating theatre and sedated. It was all over so quickly – there were no side effects from the procedure, no dry mouth or sluggishness, and I felt really positive about the whole process.’ The EBUS revealed Maureen had small cell carcinoma, a form of lung cancer that can spread quickly, and she needed a course of chemotherapy immediately. She started treatment the next day, and after six months of chemo, the tumour was gone. ‘The EBUS was brilliantly efficient,’ adds Maureen. ‘By 4pm that day, my cancer had been diagnosed and the appropriate chemotherapy was ordered for me to start the next day. ‘Had I had a traditional biopsy, who knows where I’d be.’^When tumours in lungs are suspected, patients can face a raft of tests . Some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin . Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure . It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France, assuming everyone is fit of course. Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below. England manager Roy Hodgson pictured at the Juventus Stadium during Tuesday's friendly against Italy . MATT LAWTON . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Wilshere; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . Not perfect by any means but I think it’s important to keep Rooney in a more central position, in the No 10 role he is most comfortable in, behind the best striker at this moment in time. Right now it’s Kane but Sturridge and Welbeck certainly offer good alternatives. There’s pace in that team as well. No natural holding player? I’m not convinced Carrick is the way forward. Get the best players on the pitch. England captain Wayne Rooney (centre) looks to get a shot in at the Italian goal on Tuesday . IAN LADYMAN . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Wilshere; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Sturridge . England’s defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot. Luke Shaw hasn’t done enough yet to displace Baines while Henderson and Wilshere represent a holding duo at the base of the midfield that should provide security bit also the ability to get the team moving forwards when appropriate. Rooney is picked in this team in a central role while Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane simply on the back of experience. This is the first game of a major tournament after all. Daniel Sturridge (left) charges forward with the ball during last September's friendly against Norway . ROB DRAPER . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jones, Gibbs; Carrick; Henderson, Wilshere; Sterling, Rooney, Welbeck . No place for Daniel Sturridge at present and you might have to re-think if he's clear of injuries - but for the moment Rooney has to play up front. If England need a more attacking shape, Rooney can drop in and Sturridge come on for Wilshere or Henderson, but I'd be wary of starting that way, as England couldn't defend properly with two midfielders in Brazil. The back four doesn't convince but Jagielka and Baines struggled at the World Cup and Johnson is now out of the reckoning. England's Jordan Henderson in action against Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . MATT BARLOW . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jones, Baines; Henderson, Carrick, Milner; Sterling; Rooney, Welbeck . Not far off the team Hodgson picked against Lithuania on Friday. It's as good as we get at the moment. Wish it was stronger at the back, where perhaps Smalling and Bertrand can apply pressure. No place for Wilshere in a three-man midfield. Need mileage and ball-winning abilities to offset the luxury of Carrick in as a playmaker. Rooney and Welbeck on the basis they have delivered in international football but much will depend on Kane's second season and the fitness of Sturridge. Gary Cahill (left) tackles Lithuania's Saulius Mikoliunas during last Friday's Euro 2016 qualifier . SAMI MOKBEL . Hart; Clyne; Cahill, Jones, Gibbs; Henderson, Oxlade-Chamberlain; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . The two biggest calls here are Gibbs over Baines and Chamberlain instead of Wilshere. For me, the two selected will add more athleticism to the side without the loss of quality. There's certainly goals in this team, as well as pace. Europe beware! England left-back Kieran Gibbs (right) looks to run past Italian Alessandro Florenzi . JOE BERNSTEIN . Hart; Walker, Jones, Stones, Shaw; Carrick, Henderson; Sterling, Rooney, Young; Sturridge . It's ridiculous that Michael Carrick is only now getting the international recognition he deserves. He should have been a regular in the last two World Cups and will only be 34 at Euro 2016. With him and Rooney in the middle and lots of legs and energy around them, England should be able to play the quick and accurate tempo displayed by Liverpool in the last couple of years. Personally, I think that's the way to go rather than try and hit a big centre-forward like Harry Kane. Youngsters like John Stones and Luke Shaw will really emerge over the next 12 months. Michael Carrick (right) controls the ball as Roberto Soriano looks to make a challenge in Turin . RIATH AL-SAMARRAI . Hart; Clyne, Smalling, Cahill, Baines; Carrick, Wilshere; Oxlade-Chamberlain, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . The big unknown is Harry Kane's progress and whether he will do it all again next season. It's perhaps harsh on Daniel Sturridge, who has proven his effectiveness over greater time, but how can anyone currently bet against Kane? The big weakness remains at centre-half - neither man truly looks the part at the international level but Smalling has improved this season. At 25 he needs to improve further still. If Sterling's ego can process being on the left, where he has shown himself to be more than capable, then this could be a delightful attack. England's Harry Kane (right) leaves Italy's Giorgio Chiellini face down on the pitch during the friendly . MIKE KEEGAN . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Carrick, Barkley; Sterling, Rooney, Welbeck . Welbeck just gets the nod over Kane primarily for his pace and movement which is vital to England attacking at pace. If there is any chance John Terry can be lured back he walks in at the expense of Jagielka. Carrick must start and Barkley must cut down on giving the ball away in dangerous positions but offers more going forward than Fabian Delph. Baines gets one last chance to deliver on the international stage, ahead of Kieran Gibbs. Danny Welbeck (left) shoots during England's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania at Wembley on Friday .^England manager Roy Hodgson appears to still not know his best XI . Sportsmail's top team of reporters reveal their England Euro 2016 line-ups . England are currently top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group E on 15 points .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson’s attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. A new episode of mockumentary W1A, to be broadcast later this month, shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear. The BBC has made light of Jeremy Clarkson's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show . The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked. The commentary now explains to viewers: ‘Since the making of this documentary, certain events have happened as a result of which for technical reasons we are unable to mention certain people by name.’ Clarkson’s spokesman was unavailable for comment. A BBC spokesman said: ‘A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events.’^The BBC has made light of Clarkson fracas in a comedy programme . It shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word 'tosser' The episode was filmed last July, but the narration has been tweaked .
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography, to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops, and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races. Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time, if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies, including one that requires 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs. NO BENEFITS: A pending Kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs, among a laundry list of other places . NO INK: Kansas welfare recipients who want taxpayers to shell out for their tattoos have until July 1 to experiment with the latest in body art . PARTISAN: Kansas Republican Gov. Sam Brownback (center) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats . Kansans, like citizens of many other states, are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare. Under the rules of the bill passed in the state legislature, bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment. Recipients would be limited, for the first time, to withdrawing  $25 in cash per day. Liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments. Democratic state Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau told the Topeka Capital-Journal that forcing those people to make multiple trips to bank machines to pay their bills 'is ludicrous. It is outrageous.' State Rep. Carolyn Bridges, another Democrat, complained during a legislative debate that putting limits on how the poor can spend taxpayer dollars says to them: 'If you are asking for assistance in this state, you're sort of less than other people and we're going to tell you how and where to spend your money.' NECESSITIES: Tobacco will be added to the no-no list, along with movie tickets, cruise vactions and lingerie . I SEE A JOB IN YOUR FUTURE: Fortune tellers and psychics? Out. Job training? In. CONFLICT: Republican state Rep. Kansas state Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady (left) insists that getting welfare recipients 'back to work' justifies the new law, while state Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau (right) called it 'ludicrous' and 'outrageous' But state Sen. Michael O’Donnell, the Republican who gathered support for a House bill putting all the changes into place, said public assistance should be spent 'more responsibly' than it had been in the past. 'We’re trying to make sure those benefits are used the way they were intended' – on food and necessities like diapers or toiletries, O’Donnell told the paper. The Brownback administration has signaled its support for the measure. It has already presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, known as TANF, during his first term in office. When Brownback became governor in 2011, the program served 38,900 people statewide. Today that number has dwindled to 15,500, according to statistics compiled by the Kansas Department for Children and Families. Numbers of food stamp recipients – a completely separate category of government welfare – have ticked down by just 6 per cent during the same period, however. Poverty rates among children have remained constant, according to the social-services nonprofit group Kansas Action for Children . The clash of statistics has raised questions about whether the state has actually been moving people off of TANF and into jobs. VICIOUS CIRCLE? Benefits recipients were previously permitted to spend their government money to bail themselves and family members out of jail . YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK: Until Brownback became governor, welfare enrollees could buy liquor with their benefit debit cards, but now his policy is likely to become a law that future pols will find it hard to undo . 'This is serious, good policy for the state of Kansas,' state Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady, a Palco Republican, told the Associated Press. 'There's nothing better to get these people back on their feet than getting them a job and getting them back to work.' But Democratic state Sen. Laura Kelly countered in the Capital-Journal that 'we pat ourselves on the back that our TANF rolls have gone down exponentially and we say it’s because all those people are now working,' but 'we don’t know that and I’m guessing its not the truth.' Another Democratic lawmaker, state Rep. Barbara Ballard, complained during a debate that telling welfare recipients that they can't use their state benefits to visit swimming pools would give the poor one fewer way to stay healthy. Republicans control both the Kansas House and Senate by wide margins. THe House vote was 87-35, and the Senate passed the bill 30-10. If Brownback signs the bill, it will go into effect in July.^'Temporary Assistance for Needy Families' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program's designers . Tattoos, manicures, lingerie, jewelry, movie tickets, cruises and pornography will also be off the list if Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill . Republicans in Kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government-issued welfare debit cards . Democrats say it's mean-spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they're 'less' valuable 'than other people' Brownback's administration has shrunk the TANF rolls by 60 per cent since 2011; the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
A video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside, may be enough to scramble your brain. YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon. Scroll down for video . Egg-traordinary: US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg (shown on the left) that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ In the video, Elman511 cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white. He then cracks the smaller egg, which also has a yolk and white inside. ‘That’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg…an egg inside of an egg… crazy man,’ he said, before noting that the yolks look rich. Egg-citing: In the video, ‘Elman511’ cracks the egg (pictured), which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white. The unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . This is when a second oocyte (yolk) is released by the hen's ovary before the first egg has completely traveled through the oviduct and been laid. When the second oocyte’s released, the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct, were the shell is made. It’s thought that a shock, or stress causes a contraction, forcing first egg to reverse its course. This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte, which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell, creating a giant egg around the first one. The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction. A hen releases an oocyte from her left ovary into her oviduct every 18 to 26 hours, Back Yard Poultry Mag explained. Usually, the oocyte travels down the oviduct, adding layers of the egg until it’s laid through the hen’s vent. But in a counter-peristalsis contraction, a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey. When the second oocyte’s released, the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct, were the shell is made. It’s thought that a shock, or stress causes a contraction, forcing first egg to reverse its course. This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte, which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell, creating a giant egg around the first one. The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus. Ask the egg-spert: In a counter-peristalsis contraction, a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey. This results in an egg with another made inside it, producing two yolks (pictured)^Unusual egg was captured on camera by US YouTube user Elman511 . Shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside . Phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that hasn't been laid .
(The Hollywood Reporter)Richard Dysart, the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died. He was 86. Dysart, who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Championship Season," died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife, artist Kathryn Jacobi, told The Hollywood Reporter. The acclaimed "L.A. Law" — created by Steven Bochco (who eventually handed off the series to David E. Kelley) and Terry Louise Fisher — aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994. For playing the founder of the firm McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak, Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years, finally winning the trophy in 1992. "I always had him in mind for that role," Bochco said in a 2002 interview with the Archive of American Television. "He's so avuncular. So I reached out to him. You know, Dick is sort of an old hippie. So he went into his closet and tried to find a lawyer outfit, and he came to meet us wearing a suit and tie. He was perfect." "We got together, mapped out the character's past to give us a basis from which to work, and it's all gone smoothly since then," Dysart said in a 1990 interview with The Seattle Times. "Sometimes I worry — it's all been going too well — a role I love to play in a series that's about as good as you can get. Something's wrong!" Perhaps Dysart's most memorable character arc on the show was when he was found in bed with power-hungry competitor Rosalind Shays (played by Diana Muldaur). He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode. Dysart's range of authority -figure parts ran right to the top. He limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "Day One" and in the ABC miniseries "War and Remembrance," both of which aired in 1989, and he was Henry L. Stimson, the 33rd U.S. president's Secretary of War, in the 1995 HBO telefilm "Truman," starring Gary Sinise. Similarly, he played the Secretary of Defense in "Meteor" (1979). Hollywood Reporter: Most powerful people in N.Y. media . Dysart also performed extensively in the medical- (movie) field, performing enough doctor roles to, perhaps, qualify to practice. His two most memorable came in classic satires: in Paddy Chayevsky's scathing "The Hospital" (1971), starring George C. Scott (a good friend), and in "Being There" (1979), as Melvyn Douglas' doctor. He also was a doctor who died a gruesome death in John Carpenter's "The Thing" (1982) and a physician in such films as "The Terminal Man" (1974), "The Falcon and the Snowman" (1985) and "Warning Sign" (1985). Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in the 1993 USA telefilm "Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair" and in Mario Van Peebles' "Panther" (1995). Dysart also excelled as cranky coots and shifty sorts. He portrayed a motel receptionist in Richard Lester's "Petulia" (1968); was the bad guy who battled Clint Eastwood in "Pale Rider" (1985); stood out as a power player in Oliver Stone's "Wall Street" (1987); and sold barbwire in "Back to the Future III" (1990). Dysart was born March 30, 1929, in Boston and raised in Maine. Following high school, he attended the Gould Academy in Bethel, Maine, for a year, served in the U.S. Air Force and attended Emerson College, where he graduated with a master's degree in speech communications. At the time, he was interested in a career in radio (he became fascinated with the medium in first grade, when he was bedridden for a year because of rheumatic fever) but was soon tempted by acting. He moved to New York on a whim and was able to land minor roles on TV and a part in an off-Broadway production of "The Iceman Cometh" opposite Jason Robards. In the mid-1960s, he joined the American Conservatory Theater and toured the country doing plays, then landed roles on Broadway in "All in Good Time," "The Little Foxes" and "A Place Without Doors." He received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "That Championship Season." Hollywood Reporter: Q&A with Liz Smith . Dysart's credits include an eclectic array of movies, including "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder" (1974), "The Day of the Locust" (1975), "The Hindenburg" (1975), "An Enemy of the People" (1978), "Prophecy" (1979), "Mask" (1985) and "Hard Rain" (1998). On television, he was top-notch in the telefilms "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" (1974), "The People vs. Jean Harris" (1981), as Dwight D. Eisenhower in "The Last Days of Patton" (1986) and as studio chief Louis B. Mayer in "Malice in Wonderland" (1985). Survivors also include his stepson Arie and daughter-in-law Jeannine Jacobi, mother-in-law Lenore, brother and sister-in-law Nadine and John Jacobi and grandchildren Abby and Levi. A private memorial is being planned. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations be made to the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum, an outdoor theater in Topanga Canyon in the Los Angeles area. Dysart and Jacobi had a second home in the forests of British Columbia. He was lured out of retirement for his last onscreen appearance, the "L.A. Law" reunion telefilm of 2002. "They remain timely, with cases about points of law that are still current," he said of watching "L.A. Law" reruns in a 2002 interview with The Bangor Daily News. "[The show] was also one of the fathers of yuppiedom. It was very much of the times, and very Los Angeles. It holds up as well as any series I know." People we've lost in 2015 . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.^Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in "L.A. Law" Dysart had many TV and film roles, including spots in "Being There" and "The Thing" Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical "That Championship Season"
Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern, the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart. However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. Walled wonder! The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened for visitors today, with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls . The Murodo-daira area of Tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world, with the 65ft walls being created every year, and then melting by July. The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years. An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year. It is hoped the March 14 opening of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line, which connects Toyama Station with Tokyo Station, will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark. The snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of Murodo in Japan from April under it melts in the summer . The whole 37km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer. Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains. One of the most popular activities is to ascend the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama, one of Japan's highest peaks. Today tourists followed to photograph the walls. Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year . It is hoped that numbers can rise again to reach one million with the help of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line opening last month . The sun shone as coaches of tourists flocked today for the opening of the short section . There are many views along the picturesque route include one of Japan's highest peak, the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama . Snowy school trip! 200 Japanese schoolgirls climb the ascent to the top of Mount Tateyama. Other noteworthy sights along the alpine route include Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains .^Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls . The 1000ft section can be walked by visitors, and usually draws a million tourists every year . The snowy section is part of a 37km route, with sights such as Kurobe Dam and the Hida Mountains on the way .
A 31-year-old British woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the Bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. Louise Shepherd had been hiking through the remote Madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. Ms Shepherd, from Cobham, Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones, both 30. Tragedy: Louise Shepherd, 31, from Cobham, Surrey, was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . Her grief-stricken parents, Peter and Christine Shepherd from Cobham, Surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday. Mrs Shepherd said: 'She lit up a room, everybody instantly liked her. 'We have been so moved by all the condolence cards from around the world. Ms Shepherd, from Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world . 'She was a special person and touched a lot of people's lives. She was the kindest person you could meet.' Louise gained her first degree in business and marketing at the University of Westminster in 2006. Ms Shepherd went onto obtain a masters degree at Kingston University in south-west London in museums, galleries and the creative economy, after which she took a position at the university's alumni office. She formerly worked as a support worker for the disability and dyslexia support office. Hannah Shepherd said today that she herself was nearly killed at the same time as her sister. She said: 'It was like a tornado that hit us within seconds. We were told to run by the guides and heard a tree crack and then it fell. 'Louise was killed instantly as she was hit by the full force of the tree. She was my best friend. She had such charisma and was beautiful and good to everyone. 'People just gravitated towards her. She died as she was having the time of her life - and not many people can say that.' One friend said in an online message: 'A parent's worst nightmare, lovely girl.' Ms Shepherd's former colleagues have also paid their respects on the university's website. One staff member said: 'She was a beautiful young lady inside and out, and always a pleasure to work with.' Heartbreaking: Friends and family of the popular university graduate have been paying tribute to her today . Helen Trott, the department head she worked with at Kingston, said : 'Louise had a passion for life and love of people. She was a beautiful young lady. Our thoughts are with her friends and family at this sad time.' The university has set up a book of condolences which, after being signed, will be handed to Ms Shepherd's family. A Kingston University spokesman said : 'Louise was an invaluable member of the team and made a major contribution to developing relations with alumni across the world. 'She was one of those people who lit up the room wherever she was. Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time.' Staff and students are being invited to sign a book of condolence which has been opened at the university for people to make personal tributes in Louise's memory.^Louise Shepherd, 31, killed in Bolivia while on round-the-world trip . Ms Shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour . Recently worked at Kingston University, but left in order to travel .
The prospect of a Labour government is knocking up to 10 per cent off the price of some of Britain's most expensive homes, it has been claimed. Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister. Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for the same property. Labour leader Ed Miliband, on the BBC's Andrew Marr show (left), has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over £2million. The annual levy will hit his own home in north London (right) Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the NHS. Under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls, homeowners with properties worth between £2million and £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax. Owners of homes worth more than £3million will have to pay even more. The Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax' and warned that families living in much more modest properties could be dragged into the levy. Mr Milliband himself has admitted that his North London home would be hit by his party's planned annual levy. David Cameron, on Sky's Murnaghan show this morning, has criticised Labour's proposed mansion tax as a 'home tax' A Labour government could see people's mortgage bills soar by £1,000 a year, George Osborne has claimed. The Chancellor warned warned that the prospect of Ed Miliband propped up by the SNP would lead to a 'clear and present danger' of rising interest rates. Predicting increases in mortgage rates, he said: 'A 1% rise in interest rates would hit the family with the average mortgage with an extra £1,000 bill a year. The price is paid by working people.' The Labour leader lives in a four-bedroom semi-detached house in Dartmouth Park valued at around £2.7million. But if Mr Miliband ever came to sell his home as Prime Minister he could be forced to lower the price to cover the costs of his own mansion tax. According to the Sunday Times, one buyer who is about to exchange contracts on a £15million property in St John's Wood, north London, has threatened to drop his offer to £13.5million if the deal is not completed before May 7 and Mr Miliband becomes Prime Minister. In Notting Hill, west London, a buyer of a property for sale just above £2million has said he will only pay that price only if David Cameron makes it back to Number 10. Miles Meacock, of Strutt & Parker, the estate agent, in Notting Hill, told the Sunday Times that the bidder who had trimmed £100,000 from their offer for a £2m property, wanted to be sure of permanently avoiding the burden of mansion tax. He said: 'If the Tories win, he will come back to the table. This is likely to be a phenomenon for the next two weeks.' According to the property website Rightmove 77 homes previously listed for sale above £2million have been reduced to below the 'mansion tax level' in the past six weeks. Ed Mead, an executive director at the London estate agent Douglas & Gordon, some sellers are so concerned about the mansion tax putting off potential buyers that they have told prospective buyers they will cover the full cost of it for a five-year Labour term. The Liberal Democrats have a similar mansion tax proposal. Nick Clegg wants to charge £2,000 a year on properties worth between £2million and £2.5million, rising to £3,500 for those worth between £2.5million and £3million, £5,000 for £3million to £4million and £9,000 for those worth up to £5million.^Estate agents are offering a 'Cameron price' and a lower 'Miliband price' Labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million . The prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount . Some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .
Mitchell Keenan, with his father Keith, who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent . The family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home. Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated. It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62, following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire, last year when they fell behind with their repayments. Mr Keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment, scabies and dementia. Mr Keenan's aunt, Dawn Doyle, 54, said: 'It's absolutely outrageous what has happened to my brother and nephew. 'They lived in their home for 30 years and got into difficulty last year. 'They had their benefits sanctioned and things just spiralled out of control. 'They both have neurological conditions and disabilities and kept missing jobs interviews, so the problem got worse and worse. 'In July they lost their home and I tried everywhere to get them accommodation but nowhere would take them.' Ms Doyle says she was then forced to buy her brother and nephew a tent, which they pitched on the Beacon hill in Skelmersdale. She also supplied them with food parcels from local food banks, while trying to provide for her own family. She added: 'I felt awful that I couldn't take them in, but I'm a single parent, with my own disabilities and I just knew I couldn't cope. 'I tried my best for them and contacted so many different organisations, but just kept getting turned away. 'Social Services said they couldn't come and assess them because they were in a tent - it was just farcical. Mr Keenan's toes, which eventually had to be amputated after he caught frostbite from living in a tent during winter after being evicted from his home . 'When we saw Mitchell's toes we were horrified, that this can happen to people in the 21st century is disgusting.' Mr Keenan has now been given temporary accommodation by West Lancashire Borough Council and his father Keith has been taken in by the Stonham housing association. Ms Doyle believes that the problems all stemmed from the government's spare bedroom benefit cuts. She explained: 'The bedroom tax is an awful thing, it's affecting people's lives all over the country and needs to be repealed.' A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said: 'Mr Keenan and his son have never been sanctioned and continue to be supported through benefits and by jobcentre staff. 'We have given their local council hundreds of thousands of pounds to support vulnerable people through our housing benefit reforms.'^Mitchell Keenan and his father Keith were evicted from their family home . They were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill . Mr Keenan's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated . WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night. The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form. Amid accusations of the team 'playing with their flip-flops on', United have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from. It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield, a venue at which they last won in 1994. They were beaten 1-0 by North-East rivals Sunderland seven days ago – a performance Carver labelled 'embarrassing' – and there was a showdown meeting at the club's training ground this week in which the head coach let his feelings be known. John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday . Carver, though, is hoping that personal pride will kick in when they travel to Merseyside. 'Before they go out my message will be simple – 'You have a point to prove, but prove it for yourself, not for me, not for anybody else, but for yourself. You owe it for yourself',' he said. 'The meeting we had on Wednesday was non-negotiable. We've had meetings in the past where I like a two-way dialogue. 'But I got a few things off my chest and it was probably the first time I've been Mr Nasty. 'After the meeting we trained and there was a great response. That hurt me a little bit because I wanted to see that on Sunday. But at least I got something from them.' Carver said this week that owner Mike Ashley has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected – out-of-contract players such as Jonas Gutierrez, Ryan Taylor and Sammy Ameobi will be released, while the likes of Yoan Gouffran, Cheick Tiote, Moussa Sissoko and Papiss Cisse are also expected to move on. Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League . Moussa Sissoko (left), Vurnon Anita (centre) and Massadio Haidara (right) at a training session . However, the promise of such renovation has done little to appease fans who are organising a boycott ahead of next Sunday's visit of Spurs. Carver, in fairness, is caught in the middle of what is a toxic relationship between supporters and the club's hierarchy. And the 50-year-old admits he has been on the receiving end of criticism from fans. 'I have to accept what people say. As long as it is done the right way and in a constructive manner, I can accept that,' he said. Newcastle were beaten in last weekend's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe's stunning volley . Carver has now seen his Newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . 'It would be easy to say, 'I've had enough, thanks'. I'm not going to do that and I have still got my enthusiasm. 'I can't hide from what happened on Sunday, and I won't hide from it. What I won't take is abuse, and certainly none of my family will take abuse. 'But I wanted to give this a go because I didn't want to have any regrets. I believe in my own ability and I believe if I have got the tools then I could do a good job and a successful job.'^Newcastle take on Liverpool on Monday night at Anfield . The Magpies have not won away at Liverpool since 1994 . Newcastle have lost their last four games scoring just one goal . John Carver's side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy hailed the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs. Despite Wolves bouncing back to take a point through Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal had given Ipswich a first-half lead, Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. Former Wolves boss McCarthy was delighted with his side's determined display and he said: 'It was a good performance and a good point. It is very pleasing. Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on Saturday . 'Wolves were in the ascendancy in the second half but we have had a great, stubborn, belligerent, professional performance - all those horrible words people don't like in football but I do because you win games and win leagues by doing that. 'We are always hard to beat and hard to play against. 'The first thing I said to the players in the dressing room after the game was what a belligerent, stubborn, hard working, tough, horrible bunch you have turned out to be and I love you and I am proud of you because you need all those qualities to be a good team. It is lovely to have. 'A lot of those qualities are probably the reasons why we are where we are. 'It takes a lot of things to be in the top six and there will be teams below us who are all playing sexy football but we are winning games and we are in the top six and we still have a chance of being promoted. 'So to anyone who cocks a snook at the way we are doing it I laugh at them and think it is comical because I think what we do we do well and isn't that what having a job is all about?' Tommy Smith's header (right) rebounds off Wolves defender Richard Stearman for an own goal . McCarthy, who was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge of the club, insisted that he did not have anything to prove on his second return to Molineux. He added: 'I think I am very much liked and respected by the Wolves fans and I love the club and the people here so I don't think I have got anything to prove and I always appreciate getting a nice warm welcome coming back. 'But I have taken the point and I am happy with that.' Although they trailed at the break, Wolves needed only five minutes of the second period to draw level when Afobe stabbed home at the far post and they could have gone on to snatch a winner with Nouha Dicko carrying their greatest. McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players . They could not find a second goal, though, and their play-off hopes are now hanging by a thread. However, coach Kenny Jackett insisted they will not be throwing in the towel. He said: 'It is out of our hands and now we will need to win our final two games and other teams will need to lose. But you don't know what will happen. So we need to make sure that we go again next week. 'It is a tough call, we understand that. We will have to see how the table looks but one way or another we have to put in a good performance and give it everything we have got next week at Wigan. Kenny Jackett is still hopeful his Wolves side can secure a Championship play-off spot despite the 1-1 draw . 'If the door is still open through other people slipping up we have to make sure that we are there.' He added: 'We gave it everything against Ipswich. I thought that we showed a lot of spirit, effort and energy in the second half when we pushed Ipswich all the way. The attitude and tempo was there.' 'Ultimately it is a better point for Ipswich than it is for us. We needed to win and I felt that we built up very well in the second half. We got a goal back early on but couldn't break down a very determined and well organised and resolute Ipswich defence. 'The number of times that they got blocks in was high and for us not to break them down in that period was our undoing so I am disappointed with the draw. We needed three points but Ipswich are very, very resolute.'^Ipswich denied three points as Wolves fight back to draw 1-1 on Saturday . Manager Mick McCarthy hails qualities of 'horrible bunch' of players . Richard Stearman's own goal had given Ipswich an early lead at Molineux . But Benik Afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close-range volley .
An Australian kangaroo has hopped to it's freedom, shocking onlookers in West Germany. Police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call. Scroll down for video . Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby . They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl . It wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided 'very believable' answers, that the police realised that they were telling the truth. They were shocked to find a large, Australian kangaroo 'happily' hopping through a field in the town of Bruhl, 20 kilometres south of the city centre of Cologne. They attempted to capture the beast with the help of the local fire department, to no avail reported Deutsche Welle news. Police instead began to work on finding out who the marsupial belonged to. The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms . They contacted a travelling circus who had recently passed through the area but they could account for all of their kangaroos. The owners later contacted police after their kangaroo had returned to it's enclosure. It is suspected that the animal's fencing was damaged after the severe storm names 'Niklas' by German meteorologists battered through Europe. The super storm had gusts of up to 192 kilometres per hour and was one of the most powerful storms in recent years.^A kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in Bruhl, Germany . German police initially believed the report was an April Fools day prank . After realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field . The owners later called police when the animal returned to it's enclosure . It is suspected that the it's fencing was damaged after severe storms .
Gloating as he relaxes with his AK-47, these pictures show an al-Qaeda commander relaxing inside a palace in Yemen just days after terrorists liberated him from prison. Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards. Scroll down for video . Khalid Saeed Batarfi poses for photographs inside the governor's palace in Mukalla, Yemen, days after he was released from prison by terrorists . Batarfi is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east of Yemen. Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla, pretending to be on the telephone as he wields an assault rifle. A second photograph shows Batarfi standing on a Yemeni flag in the abandoned building. The militants stormed the Central Prison of Mukalla with machine guns and rocket launchers during a midnight raid on Thursday. Rebels: Yemen's president fled to Saudi Arabia after Houthi rebels launched an attack on his palace in the capital Sana'a . After taking over the prison and freeing a number of members of AQAP, the terrorists overran government buildings and the city's port. According to CBS, AQAP Twitter accounts tweeted after the prison raid: 'All the brothers have been liberated, including Sheikh Batarfi who is now amongst his brothers, all praise to Allah.' Mukalla was previously under control of forces loyal to President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi, however it is not clear what resistance to the terrorists remains after he fled the capital Sana'a to Saudi Arabia as rebels launched an attack on his palace.^Khalid Saeed Batarfi was freed from a Yemeni prison by al-Qaeda this week . Terrorist commander was today pictured inside Mukalla governor's palace . He was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an AK-47 . Batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks. The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50. Mr Lagercrantz, known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic's autobiography, said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps. However, Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency. Under wraps: The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series by Steig Larsson (left) entitled The Girl In The Spider's Web (right) has been shrouded in such secrecy it is being written on computers with no internet . The 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist, whom she helps solve a murder mystery  in the first book in the series. Mr Lagercrantz said he, the editors and translators were subject to similar kinds of espionage-style secrecy, reportedly working on computers disconnected from the Internet to avoid leaks. He told the Dagens Nyheter daily: 'If you write about Lisbeth Salander its easy to get a little paranoid. 'You realise what opportunities there are to hack computers. 'It was a little awkward. 'Every time I needed to Google I had to do it on another computer. And we used code words - like our own little spy world.' Its British publisher, MacLehose Press, which has unveiled the front cover showing Salander with her dragon tattoo and wearing punk trousers, said they have given strict instructions to follow suit. Taking up the mantle: The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz (above) based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 . Christopher MacLehose told The Guardian: 'The Swedish original publishers Norstedts have put everyone on notice that no particle of this book can be shared with anybody. 'There'll be no review copies in any language before it's launched on 27 August... nobody will be in a position to beat the ring of steel around this book.' The novel is called Det som inte dödar oss in the original Swedish - or What Doesn’t Kill You - but given a different title for the English version. It is being translated into 38 languages. Setting the scene, Norstedts publishing house wrote on its website: 'One night professor Frans Balder, a leading authority within AI (artificial intelligence) research, calls up Blomkvist. 'Balder says he has world-shattering information on U.S. intelligence services... had contact with a female super hacker, who bears a certain resemblance to a person Blomkvist knows well.' Saddened: Eva Gabrielsson has said Larsson would have been 'furious' about the release of The Girl In The Spider's Web, the fourth book in the Millennium series which began with The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo . Until now the publishers had remained tight-lipped about the plot, only saying that it would continue the story of the trilogy's heroine, which has sold more than 75 million copies worldwide. The book has been given the blessing of Mr Larsson's estate, but not from his long-term partner. Eva Gabrielsson said last month that the journalist, who co-founded the anti-racism magazine Expo in Sweden, 'would be furious' if he knew someone else was writing his story. Gabrielsson, who lost a bitter battle with the late author's family to manage his work, added that Lagercrantz was 'a totally idiotic choice' as he lacked Larsson's left-wing activist background. Norstedts have compared the planned release on August 27 of the book in at least 35 countries to the global splash made by Dan Brown's sequels to the 2003 'Da Vinci Code'. At the time of his death, Larsson reportedly had plans to write at least another seven novels.^The Girl In The Spider's Web is fourth installment in Stieg Larsson's series . Written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks . Plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Sunderland's home clash with Newcastle... Sunderland vs Newcastle United (Stadium of Light) Team news . Sunderland . Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday's derby clash with Newcastle. Head coach Dick Advocaat has confirmed that Cattermole will be back against the Magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season. Lee Cattermole trains with Sunderland on the Friday before the Wear-Tyne derby . However, Advocaat will be without experienced defender Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem, while midfielders Will Buckley (knee) and Emanuele Giaccherini (ankle) are still out. Provisional squad: Pantilimon, Mannone, Reveillere, Van Aanholt, Jones, O'Shea, Vergini, Coates, Cattermole, Bridcutt, Rodwell, Johnson, Larsson, Alvarez, Gomez, Agnew, Honeyman, Fletcher, Defoe, Wickham, Graham. Newcastle . Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday's derby trip to Sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery. The full-back has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee which has forced him to sit out the last two games. Massadio Haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season . Haidara will join fellow defenders Steven Taylor (achilles), Paul Dummett (knee) and midfielders Cheick Tiote (also knee) and Siem de Jong (collapsed lung) on the sidelines. Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem, but winger Rolando Aarons (hamstring) will not be risked and defender Fabricio Coloccini and striker Papiss Cisse continue their respective suspensions. Provisional squad: Krul, Elliot, Janmaat, Williamson, R.Taylor, Satka, Sterry, Abeid, Anita, Colback, Sissoko, Gouffran, Cabella, Ameobi, Obertan, Gutierrez, Kemen, Riviere, Perez, Armstrong. Kick-off: Sunday, 4pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds (subject to change): . Sunderland 8/5 . Draw 21/10 . Newcastle 9/5 . Referee: Mike Dean . Managers: Dick Advocaat (Sunderland), John Carver (Newcastle) Head-to-head league record: Sunderland wins 45, draws 43, Newcastle wins 51 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Sunderland are unbeaten in their last six Premier League games against Newcastle United (W4 D2), winning the last four. Newcastle have seen nine goals scored by substitutes in the Premier League this season; more than any other side. The Black Cats have won four successive league derbies against Newcastle United for the first time in their history. Adam Johnson has scored three goals and provided one assist in his last four Premier League appearances versus Newcastle United. Sunderland have won just two of their last 16 Premier League matches at the Stadium of Light (W2 D7 L7). Steven Taylor (centre) celebrates a goal by Ryan Taylor (right) during Newcastle's last victory over Sunderland which was a 1-0 win at the Stadium of Light in August 2011 . The Black Cats have failed to score in four of their last five Premier League home matches. The Magpies have conceded a league-high nine goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season, including Adam Johnson’s 90th minute winner in the reverse fixture back in December. Those nine goals conceded in the final five minutes of PL games in 2014-15 have cost Newcastle United eight points. Sunderland have drawn seven games 0-0 in the Premier League this season – the record in a single PL campaign is nine (Sheffield United in 1993-94 and Leeds in 1996-97). The two players with the most yellow cards in the Premier League this season could meet in this match – Lee Cattermole and Jack Colback (10 yellows each).^Lee Cattermole returns from suspension for Sunderland . But Black Cats without injured defender Wes Brown through a knee injury . Knee surgery will see Massadio Haidara miss rest of the season . Steven Taylor, Paul Dummett, Cheick Tiote and Siem de Jong also out for Newcastle United ahead of Wear-Tyne derby .
Sofia Abramovich is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman, so it's little wonder that there are many people interested in her Instagram account. But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life, the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism. Sofia, the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich's five offspring with second wife Irina, revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight. Scroll down for video . Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity . But now Sofia has hit back, saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life. Sofia posted an image to Instagram which read: 'Now that people have discovered my Instagram, I've been getting a lot of hatred and offensive comments. 'I've been scrutinised and some people say some really horrible things that I've had to delete or block. 'This made me feel even more self conscious about myself and my body, it put me under a lot of pressure to look perfect.' Sofia posted this picture to the social networking site explaining how she was not going to let people on Instagram get her down anymore . She continued: 'Only recently have I realised that every one has a different perfect. I may have never been perfect in other people's eyes or even my own but I have decided to be happy and positive. 'I know I will never be a stick skinny model girl and I'm accepting that fact. However, I know my body isn't as healthy as it could be so I'm going to change that. 'A friend recently told me that being healthy and dieting isn't about losing weight, living longer and looking better... it's about letting your body (and mind) be happy now and giving it a chance to explain what it needs (thanks @howtogreen).' Sofia concluded: 'Starting today I'm going to be as positive as I can about my life and myself. 'I have so much to be grateful for and I feel awful that I felt depressed around some amazing people because of the comments I got.' Sofia is Roman's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina, the pair had five children and split in 2007 . Sofia likes to ride her horses, she has also said she will dedicate some time to walking her dogs . Sofia then listed how she plans to change her life saying: 'Any rude, offensive or explicit comment won't be deleted or blocked. It just won't have an impact on my life or mood. 'Any negativity will be turned into a positive thing... I'm going to start eating healthy eating. Not going for the full on vegan / gluten free / sugar free / carb free life but one where everything my body needs it will get. 'I am going to start going to the gym properly. However, exams and work are a priority right now so that might have to be put off. 'Hiking / dog walks are going to be a major part of my day.' Sofia is Roman's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina. The couple had five children together before they divorced in 2007. For Sofia's 18th birthday the Russian businessman and owner of Chelsea football club paid £30,000 to have the band McBusted entertain his daughter and her friends. Touching: Sofia Abramovich (pictured) has shared several family photos with her father . Birthday girl: Sofia Abramovich with her macaron-encrusted cake created by baker Peggy Porschen . As well as the standard stream of selfies, Sofia, an equestrian, has also posted old family portraits and pictures of her as a child with her businessman father. And, despite her privileged upbringing, rather than bragging about her family's wealth, down-to-earth Sofia prefers posts about baking, horses and her friends. She has also uploaded a string of old photographs from her childhood, many with her 47-year-old father. Roman Abramovich, the 50th richest man in the world, divorced her mother Irina in 2007, which saw the former air hostess receive a record settlement said to be at least £1billion. Abramovich then went on to marry Dasha Zhukova, 33, and has since had two more children.^Sofia Abramovich took to Instagram to create a motivational post . She said she had been criticised since people found her account . The teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity . Sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
Seoul (CNN)In the first few days after the Sewol disappeared beneath the Yellow Sea, divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage, bringing the dead home. And throughout the following days, weeks and months, Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter, Huh Da-yun. The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions, and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor. The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island, off South Korea's southern coast. "We kept waiting with belief in finding our daughter. I thought once, 'Somebody will be the last person and what if it's Da-yun?'" Park said. A year later, Park's life remains at a standstill. Nine have yet to be found. "We, the families of the missing victims, are still living the day --  April 16, 2014," said Park, who is in poor health, but refusing treatment. "I cannot think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people." Park's case is an unsettling one -- emblematic of what remains unresolved a year after the Sewol ferry sank. Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges. But families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking of the Sewol are far from resolved. On April 16, the Sewol ferry, carrying hundreds of high school students, began sinking after taking a sharp turn. Passengers were told repeatedly by the crew members to stay where they were as rescuers would arrive soon. Many of them listened to the instructions and remained in place. As the ferry tilted sideways, water seeped in and objects in the ship toppled over, injuring people and blocking their way out. Anger over how the crew failed to evacuate the passengers intensified when video surfaced of the ferry's captain in his underwear leaping into the arms of the Korean Coast Guard while hundreds remained trapped in the vessel. Divers had to pluck the bodies from the water one-by-one, bringing the youngsters back to land in black body bags where they were met with the gut-wrenching cries of their families. On Thursday, the one year anniversary of the disaster, South Korea's President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage of the Sewol's wreck "as soon as possible." "Recently, there was an announcement that it is technically possible to salvage Sewol ferry. I believe that it is now time to earnestly prepare to salvage," she said. A government study on raising the ferry released last week identified a crane and floating dock as the safest way to look for the missing. The Sewol ferry is over 20 years old and there are fears it could fall apart during the extraction, according to the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. The agency anticipates a complicated technical operation to remove the ferry, which would weigh about 10,200 tons above water. The process could take over a year and a half, and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $91 million to $182 million. The victims' families have demanded that the ship be recovered in order to thoroughly investigate the accident. Since the days immediately after the disaster, families have criticized the government over its response. Communication over the rescue efforts were jumbled, paving way for rumors and hoaxes. Criticism swirled over the South Korean Coast Guard's effectiveness in carrying out the rescue operation. The captain of the first coast guard ship sent to rescue the Sewol passengers was found guilty of negligence and making false reports. The recovery efforts have also taken a deadly toll with a total of six deaths -- a diver searching the Sewol died in May, and in July, five people died after a helicopter carrying emergency workers involved in the operation crashed. Park, the South Korean president, pledged major reforms, dismantled the coast guard and vowed an investigation into what went wrong. That promised investigation has been hampered by politics and disagreements between the families and the government over who should participate in the investigation. Earlier this month, several dozens of family members marched to Seoul from Ansan, the suburb where most of the students had resided. Some of the families shaved their heads to demand political action. Several laws have been passed to inspect cargo weight and increase oversight in the industry. In the case of Sewol, the ferry was found to be loaded with double its capacity. Its cargo wasn't secured properly, which threw the ship off balance as the containers tumbled and knocked the vessel off balance. An inexperienced crew and redesigns of the ship to handle more passengers and cargo were also cited as factors in the disaster. The sinking spurred a debate about the shortcomings of the government and what preventive measures should have been taken. "The tragedy of Sewol was also virtually caused by accumulation of corruption, irregularity and going blind eyes," Park said on Thursday. "Corruption and deep-rooted evil are issues that can lead to taking away people's lives. We take this very seriously." In the immediate aftermath, South Korean prosecutors arrested the captain, crew members and business associates. Sewol's captain, Lee Joon-seok, who was widely derided for jumping to safety, was sentenced to 36 years in prison for abandonment causing death and injury, and violating sea laws. In July, the body of a billionaire Yoo Byung Eun, who was believed to have connections to the company that owned the ferry, was found decomposing in a plum field. But some families say that wider, systematic problems that allowed the disaster to occur haven't been addressed.  Whether the ferry will be raised and an independent investigation will be held remains to be seen. CNN's KJ Kwon and journalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report in Seoul.^Sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of South Korea, killing 304 people . Families hold protests, vigils, say not much has been resolved since sinking . Government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
A Russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday. The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out. Scroll down for video . Smoke: The submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday . Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow, on the White Sea. The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over. 'Preparation for filling the dry dock with water is underway,' said spokesman Ilya Zhitomirsky. 'The operation is necessary to extinguish the fire completely.' Filling the hull with foam to stop the flames spreading was 'not yielding results,' said a source. 'No workers or members of the crew were harmed during the fire,' said Zhitomirsky. A source told TASS news agency the submarine's nuclear reactor had been shut down prior to the blaze. 'The active zone of the reactor was unloaded at the start of repairs a few years ago,' the source said. Emergency: A submarine undergoes repairs at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk in 2012. A nuclear submarine has caught fire at the naval base after welding set insulating material alight during repairs . The 'Yekaterinburg' nuclear-powered submarine at her mooring at the Zvezdochka shipyard (file picture) Remote location: The submarine was being repaired in a shipyard in Severodvinsk, around 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) north of Moscow on the White Sea . The news agency reports said the fire had started during welding, causing insulation materials to catch fire. A similar blaze in 2011 nearly led to a nuclear disaster when a blaze engulfed a nuclear-powered submarine carrying atomic weapons. A leading Russian magazine reported the threat months after the blaze, contradicting official assurances that it was not armed. The Oscar II-class submarine is capable of carrying nuclear-tipped cruise and anti-submarine missiles.^Officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe . Fire had started during welding, causing insulation materials to catch fire . The Russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real. Yet, once the emotions have settled, Real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve. They agreed an option with Manchester United last summer that would £7.5million of  a final sum of around £15million paid at the end of the season, but Real want to place their money elsewhere. Javier Hernandez wheels away after scoring against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final . The Mexico striker's late goal was enough to send Real Madrid through to the semi-finals . Despite his heroics, Real are unlikley to take up an option of making the Man United star's loan permanent . United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract and his exploits in the Bernabeu will only strengthen their hand. Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them while Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight. Lazio, who tried to sign him in January before realising he had already played for United this season, maintain an interest while Premier League sides such as Everton, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be kept informed. Southampton may yet strike a deal involving Nathaniel Clyne going the other way while La Liga rivals Valencia are also among his admirers. The forward is not wanted at United, but has attracted interest from a number of clubs home and abroad . Real Madrid stars (L-R) Pepe, Critsiano Ronaldo, Dani Carvajal and Sergio Ramos celebrate victory . Hernandez has spoken of his frustration at Madrid this season, he has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football, averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions. Hamstring premitting, he will likely start at Celta Vigo on Sunday, at home to Almeria next midweek and potentially against Sevilla depending on the recovery of Karim Benzema. 20 September, 2014: Two in 8-2 win away at Deportivo . 18 October, 2014: One in a 5-0 away win at Levante . 29 October, 2014: One in 4-1 Copa del Rey win at Cornella . 11 April, 2015: One in 3-0 league victory over Eibar . 22 April, 2015: Winner in 1-0 aggregate victory over Atletico (Champions League) Appearances: 24 Goals: 6 .^Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid . Real Madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign Manchester United star . Mexico international has attracted interest from Dinamo Moscow, Lazio, Everton, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke .
A mother who one day woke up believing she was a teenager after losing 17 years of memory overnight is set to detail her remarkable experience in a new book. In 2008, Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son, in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old. Overnight, she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory. Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life . The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on. She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs. Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick, the internet a mystery - and her 10-year-old son was a stranger. But Miss Jacobs told the BBC it was when her son bounded up to her yelling 'mum' that she succumbed to 'total shock'. She said: 'Everything from fear to joy from seeing this child that I didn't have any memory of giving birth to, but knew undoubtedly that he was mine because he looked so much like me, to terror of having the responsibility of this small child. 'I was convinced that I was going to fall asleep again that night and wake up in 1992. It wasn't real to me what was happening.' Miss Jacobs pictured as a 15-year-old - the age she believed she was when she woke up one morning when struck by amnesia in her early 30s . Miss Jacobs had Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. It affects five in 100,000 people in Britain, rising to 23 in 100,000 in the over 50s. Before her attack, Miss Jacobs, of Manchester, was worrying about a homeopathy business she ran. She was studying for a psychology degree and had her final exams approaching, and had recently split up with the father of her child. The condition caused the 'episodic' part of her memory to shut down, meaning she had lost all her emotional memories. But her semantic memory was still intact, meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers she had regularly dialled. Miss Jacobs has previously described lying awake at night and crying as she desperately tried to make sense of her life and longed to be back at school. She is now set to detail how she began to understand who she was in a new book, titled Forgotten Girl. The book reveals how she went about piecing her life back together using her personal diaries and those close to her. There is no specific treatment for Transient Global Amnesia other than support and reassurance from family and loved ones. Fortunately, Miss Jacobs had this support, and after eight weeks her memory began to return to normal. Transient global amnesia (TGA) is a type of amnesia involving the sudden, temporary disturbance in an otherwise healthy person's memory. The leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event, a problem with blood circulation around, to or from the brain, or some kind of migraine-like phenomenon. TGA attacks are associated with some form of precipitating event in at least one-third of cases. In females, this event is more often of a strong emotional character; in males, it is more often related to some physical exertion. The most commonly cited precipitating events include sexual intercourse, swimming in cold water or enduring other temperature changes, and emotionally traumatic or stressful events. TGA is most common in people between age 56 and 75, with the average age of a person experiencing TGA being approximately 62.^Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old . She was in fact a 32-year-old mother of one running her own business . Miss Jacobs had been struck by what is called Transient Global Amnesia . The condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight . She admits succumbing to 'total shock' when her son called her 'mum'
A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing. Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the  fatal shooting  of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. Michael Hanline, 69, pictured with wife Sandy, has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit . Michael Hanline answers questions from the media outside court yesterday after his murder charges were formally dismissed . The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November. After his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday, Hanline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife, Sandy, where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life. 'I feel good,' he added. 'All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with  Sandy and do a little gardening.' 'Hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be.' He added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that California roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars. Mugshot: Hanline was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . After decades behind bars, Hanline was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about 'Buck Rogers' gadgets such as cellphones. 'Gas isn't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes isn't 30 cents,' he said. 'It's a whole new ball game.' Hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing  friend, Ventura resident J.T. McGarry in 1978. He said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison. 'When I first got arrested, I figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36,' he said, including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction. He added: 'I never believed I'd spend the rest of my life in prison, but man, 36 years is a long, long time.' McGarry, a Ventura resident who also used the name Michael Mathers, dealt in drugs and ran motorcycle-oriented swap meets for the publishers of Easyriders magazine, according to court papers. He went missing on November 10, 1978, and was found shot to death two days later by a highway. Hanline, who was romantically involved with McGarry's ex-girlfriend, was arrested on an unrelated charge that month after traveling to Northern California and using McGarry's credit card, court papers stated. He was charged with murder by prosecutors who suggested his motive was jealousy over McGarry's on-again, off-again relationship with the ex-girlfriend. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . The evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November with charges only officially dropped yesterday . Hanline's then-girlfriend, Mary Bischoff, was granted immunity and was a key witness at his trial. She testified that McGarry had skimmed thousands of dollars from motorcycle swap meets and that Hanline had threatened to 'blow his brains out.' She also claimed that Hanline left home with a handgun the night of the killing and returned covered in mud. He said he worked on motorcycles at home all night except for leaving to get beer. In 1980, Hanline was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole. DNA analysis was not conducted at the scene where McGarry's body was discovered because the technology did not exist then. But Ventura County prosecutors said in court papers an analysis this year found the DNA profile of an unidentified male, not Hanline. In addition, evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline during the trial was withheld from him. Special Assistant District Attorney Michael Schwartz said 'flaws in the trial and the totality of evidence cast sufficient doubt to warrant vacating the jury's guilty verdict.' Lawyers from the California Innocence Project had been working for 15 years to free him and it was them who persuaded local prosecutors to re-examine the evidence. 'The conviction was based on 'paper-thin evidence,' said Justin Brooks, director of the California Innocence Project. Prosecutors had said Hanlin, pictured in 1974,  kidnapped McGarry, shot him and dumped his body off of a highway . 'He is 100 percent innocent,' Brooks said outside court. Testing showed DNA found at the crime scene did not come from Hanline or his alleged accomplice. In addition, prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline's legal team during the trial. Hanline's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on November 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case. However, he had been required to wear a GPS ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial. A Ventura County Superior Court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors, telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations can't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. Prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed McGarry, who had ties to a motorcycle gang, he said. Hanline is at least the third person in recent years to be freed from a California prison after serving long sentences for murder. Last fall Susan Mellen, a 59-year-old mother of three, was freed after spending 17 years in prison for the death of a homeless man in Lawndale. A Los Angeles County judge said she was convicted on the word of a liar. In 2013, Kash Register was freed after spending 34 years in prison. The judge said prosecutors used false testimony from an alleged eyewitness. In 2007, Timothy Atkins was freed after spending 20 years in prison for a 1987 robbery and murder in Los Angeles. A key witness who claimed she heard him confess recanted her testimony.^Michael Hanline was serving life without parole for killing JT McGarry . But new DNA evidence at crime scene  revealed that he was innocent . After 36 years wrongfully imprisoned the 69-year-old has finally been freed . Hanline says all he wants to do now is fish and spend time with his wide .
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government – but it seems he’s actually set up shop in the middle of the White House. At least, that’s where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps. A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely. A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters . It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia . Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’. Mr Seely, from Seattle, told MailOnline that he created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems. He said: 'The point was to demonstrate how a year ago, I'd shown the same type of flaw on Google and they have not fixed it. I wanted wanted to show it's still broken, in a funny way. 'And anyone could do this without any special equipment or code.' It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden. The Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency, according to a report. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down. Evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world after the former CIA contractor leaked 1.7million classified documents in 2013 is compiled in the first comprehensive public analysis of the leaks by the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank. The Snowden files revealed details about covert attempts by agencies to view citizens' private information by gathering internet histories, emails, text and call records and passwords. Now the Henry Jackson Society has found that at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications. The think-tank has also found other groups using human couriers instead of email and mobile phones. Edward Snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed. Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said. He accused the former US spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities. After Mr Snowden, 31, revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents, he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum. The decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin was seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained. But the details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them. Mr Soldatov, who runs a website which is an online watchdog of Mr Putin’s intelligence agencies, spoke out in an interview with the Daily Beast, a US news and culture website. Mr Soldatov is also an author, investigative journalist and analyst who has been working on the Russian security state for a decade. He said: ‘I think there is some sort of a deal with the Russian authorities. ‘It seems Snowden insisted that he’d never be used by Russian propaganda. ‘He never made it onto (Russian TV station) RT or other state media outlets and of course they would be happy to have him. ‘He’s clearly being exploited - after all, many repressive measures on the Internet in Russia were presented to Russians as a response to Snowden’s revelations.’ Mr Snowden is still a wanted man in the US where, if he returns, he will face espionage charges that could see him jailed for life if convicted. The White House is one of the most heavily guarded buildings in the world . Jihadist websites also released three 'significant' encryption programmes 'within a three- to five-month time frame of the leaks', meaning fanatics are harder to detect and encrypted emails take longer to decipher. Report author Robin Simcox said: 'The focus has been about the so-called mass surveillance by GCHQ and the NSA but these leaks have allowed extremist groups and jihadists to look at our capabilities – what we can and can't do – which has given them a great insight. 'At a time when the range of threats against the West has never been greater, with Yemen, Iraq, Syria, Somalia and Al Qaeda in Pakistan, it is astonishing the focus has been more on the shortcomings of our intelligence agencies and not the fact Snowden has helped terror suspects drop off the radar. 'He has caused severe damage to our ability to fight extremism.' MI5 director general Andrew Parker has called the traitor's actions a 'gift to terrorists'.^Edward's Snow Den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business . When clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5am to 11pm . One review for it said that it was a 'great source of classified information' Whistleblower Edward Snowden is thought to be hiding out in Russia .
Seoul, South Korea (CNN)On March 20, 2013, a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in South Korea. Then more ominously on December 23 last year, computers at the country's nuclear operator were breached.  Again cybercrime was suspected. The source of these attacks? North Korea. And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. They shared this data with CNN. The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters, disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean. "It would try to delete essentially all your files... then restart the system. You would come back up and nothing would be there," Joshua James, a digital forensic expert, told CNN. "If it infected more financial systems, it could have deleted all financial data in Korea. I mean, it is dangerous," the visiting professor at Chuncheon's Hallym University added. Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down, while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals, or transfer money online. "Dark Seoul" happened shortly after the North Korean government announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year Korean War to an end in July 1953 amid growing tensions with its neighbor. The latest high-profile digital incursion, in December, attempted to steal data from South Korea's nuclear operator, including plant blueprints and personnel information. Though investigators said no critical data was stolen, the attack raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the 23 nuclear power plants it runs. The attack itself was described by James as a "spear-fishing" exercise where unsuspecting victims -- retired and current employees of the nuclear operator -- were prompted to open up a disguised document in their email. "As soon as you double click on it, it starts running in the background of your computer where you can't see ... it's also trying to open up your computer -- what we call a back door -- to give access to the infected system by the attacker," he told CNN. The attack, which James said was simpler than "Dark Seoul," came just a few days after Sony Pictures said their systems has been "hacked," another attack the South Korean authorities blamed on North Korea. "From a law enforcement or investigation side, we're trying to actually trace back to who did it," said James. Seoul announced in mid-March that some of the IP addresses used in December incursion could be traced back to Shenyang, China, which can be easily accessed from the North Korean border. Codes used in the attack were said to be similar in pattern to those used by the North Koreans, South Korean authorities said. "The malicious codes used in the attack were same in composition and working methods as "Kimsuky" codes known to be used by North Korea," the prosecutor's office that leads 17 other government agencies and Internet companies in the investigation said in the statement in March. Pyongyang has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication that can never win over the truth." But many experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons and can cause significant economic damage to its southern rival. Indeed South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers as it focuses on strengthening its asymmetrical warfare capability. "Hacks are going on all the time, constantly -- though how many actually make the news is a very small amount," said James. "How many are detected in general? I think the average person would have no clue they've been hacked. "Organizations need to invest the same amount that hackers are investing to protect themselves and right now they're not," he added. Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks. A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, a government-funded think tank, estimates that "Dark Seoul" caused about $820 million worth of damage. Its report, published in 2014, predicted that by 2020, South Korea could be exposed to hacking attacks causing up to $25 billion in economic damage.^South Korean investigators say they have proof that North Korea is launching cyberattacks . Reports say the North is investing heavily in digital warfare . December attack on banks in South Korea caused about $820 million worth of damage, a report says .
This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block. The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump, reports People's Daily Online. Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her. Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman's arm just in time . But before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge. Fireman Xu Weiguo, who was also inside the apartment, immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on to the ledge to help to haul the woman to safety. She was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window by the firemen before being restrained by police officers and taken to hospital. He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down . Having held on to her arm, a colleague then joined him to help pull her back on to the ledge . The woman reportedly said she'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend . She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . Xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job. He told ThePaper.cn 'At the time I hadn't even put on my safety rope or even my helmet when I heard someone outside shout, "She's going to jump". 'I didn't have time to think - I just ran through the apartment and seeing her hanging on the ledge I jumped through the window and grabbed her arm. 'As the ledge is narrow and difficult for me to get good leverage I had to flatten myself out and wait for my colleagues to help. Luckily we were able to save the woman. 'There was no time to think, the entire rescue took 2-3 minutes. Any hesitation by me and she may have fallen off the ledge so I didn't have any of my safety apparatus in place when I grabbed her. 'It was quite dangerous. Under normal operational procedures I would have to wear my helmet as well as my safety ropes.'^Woman threatened to jump off Shanghai tower block after being dumped . Dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down . Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off. The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm. Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer . Klopp could be heading for the exit door after seven largely successful years at Dortmund . A downcast Klopp during Dortmund's 3-1 loss to Borussia Monchengladbach at the weekend . Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp . Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. The German newspaper Bild report that Klopp has told Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke he wants to leave after seven years at the Westfalenstadion. In that time, he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup, as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013. Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel, 41, is in the frame to take over. Although Klopp is contracted to Dortmund until 2018, he is understood to be exhausted following a difficult season in which the club have flirted with relegation. Dejected Dortmund players Neven Subotic, Mats Hummels, Sokratis and Ciro Immobile after Saturday's loss . The season has been one of struggle for Dortmund, who flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . Klopp shakes hands with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before their Champions League tie in November . The news about Klopp's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . Bundesliga 2010-11, 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013, 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011, 2012 . Sitting in 10th position, Dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders Bayern Munich. But even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks. They suffered further embarrassment in the Champions League, beaten 3-0 at home by Juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat. The relationship between Klopp and bosses Watzke and sport manager Michael Zorc has become increasingly strained. Bild also claim that Zorc met with Tuchel back in April 2014 amid speculation that Klopp was set to join a Premier League club then. 15/8 - Man City . 11/2 - Real Madrid . 6/1 - Arsenal . 6/1 - Liverpool . 7/1 - Barcelona . 10/1 - Chelsea . 10/1 - Bayern Munich . 12/1 - Man United . 17/1 - Everton . 33/1 - Southampton . 33/1 - Atletico Madrid . 45/1 - Newcastle . 45/1 - West Ham . Odds courtesy of Paddy Power, correct at time of publication .^Premier League clubs on alert after shock reports from Germany . Klopp has told Dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer . Press conference has been scheduled for 12.30pm . The 47-year-old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs . Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there . BREAKING NEWS: Klopp confirms he will leave Dortmund in the summer .
Disgraced former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court Wednesday, arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme. The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the CEO of a dietary supplements company . McDonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption . McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements. Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals. 'Governor McDonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to Williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day,' McDonnell's lawyers wrote in the latest filing. They were responding to the government's brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions. Former first lady Maureen McDonnell, left, was sentenced to a year and a day . Star Scientific CEO Jonnie Williams testified under an immunity deal, admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his 'miracle cure' Anatabloc product . Prosecutors had written in a 93-page submission to the court that McDonnell's actions fit the definition of 'official acts' even better than those taken by former Louisiana Rep. William Jefferson, who is serving 13 years in prison for taking bribes in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals with government leaders in Africa. Jefferson was famously caught with $100,000 in bribe money hidden in his freezer. 'Here, defendant directed his action toward subordinate state employees within the branch of government that he controlled as governor,' they wrote, while in the Jefferson case 'a congressman took action through meetings, letters, and the like directed at other government agencies or foreign governments.' One of McDonnell's chief claims on appeal is that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to 'official acts' covered by federal bribery law. In the new filing, he argues that a meeting McDonnell arranged for Williams with an administration official was 'innocuous' and that there was nothing special about an event at the Executive Mansion to launch Star's signature product, the anti-inflammatory Anatabloc. 'Governor McDonnell arrived late, made neutral comments, and left. He never asked anyone to do anything for Williams,' the brief says. Star Scientific, the maker of Anatabloc, the anti-inflammatory supplement at the center of the McDonnell trial, halted sales of the product in August 2014 . Worse than the freezer bribes? Prosecutors argue McDonnell's behavior was a better fit with bribery laws than that of convicted former congressman William Jefferson, who his $100,000 of his bribe cash in his freezer . McDonnell argues that in addition to mischaracterizing such events as 'official acts,' the government incorrectly suggested that McDonnell kept his staff in the dark about most of Williams' gifts. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. The former governor also renewed claims that the judge improperly denied separate trials for Bob and Maureen McDonnell and that he failed to adequately question jurors about pretrial news coverage. Williams, who was seeking state-financed research on Anatabloc while lavishing the McDonnells with gifts and loans, testified under immunity for the prosecution.^Bob McDonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife . His lawyers argue that he never performed any 'official acts' for Star Scientific, a company that sought support for his 'Anatabloc' supplement . McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day; they're both free pending appeals . Three-judge federal court panel will hear the former governor's appeal on May 12 .
An Ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a Holland America cruise ship docked in Puerto Rico. The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press. Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. A team of FBI investigators boarded the MS Ryndam after a Cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in San Juan, Puerto Rico . The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators. Authorities will not say how the couple died . The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands . 'We don't know yet whether an object was used or what the motive was,' he said. He said the ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while. The FBI has taken over the investigation. It was unclear exactly when the couple died. The ship departed Tampa, Florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean. It stopped in Key West on Monday and then spent two days at sea before docking in historic Old San Juan on Thursday, Holland America spokesman Erik Elvejord said. Passengers say they had no idea of what had happened - only that they had to wait a long time to disembark from the ship . Passengers were horrified when they learned what had happened in a stateroom aboard the ship . 'We are terribly saddened by this tragic event,' the company said in a statement. Cruise ship passengers said they were not aware of what had happened. 'This is a shock to me,' said Mark Moore of Watertown, New York, who was traveling with his wife. He said the crew had roped off part of the ship and hung a sheet in the hallway as passengers disembarked around noon. Other baffled passengers said they were never told what happened aboard the ship - only that there was a big holdup as they tried to disembark when the ship docked at San Jaun, according to WAPA-TV. Then, a large team of FBI crime scene technicians arrived, along with local police and other FBI agents. The Ryndam was scheduled to depart Puerto Rico late Thursday and arrive in St. Thomas on Friday.^The couple are in their 50s and from Cleveland, Ohio . Ship with 1,500 passengers aboard left Tampa, Florida, for a two-week Caribbean cruise on Sunday . The bodies were discovered Thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
Quick-thinking: Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High, took down a gunman on Monday . A Washington high school teacher is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning. No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey, about 60 miles southwest of Seattle, authorities said. Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station. The teenager, who has not been identified, only transferred to the high school a month ago, according to authorities. He later told police he shot into the air because he didn't want to hurt anyone. A search warrant is being carried out at his home, police said. School district spokesperson Courtney Schrieve confirmed that the 43-year-old teacher had been responsible for helping apprehend the student. 'He is a very brave man who probably saved a lot of people today,' Schrieve told KCPQ. Both students and staff said they were not surprised that Olson, who has taught at the school for nine years, was the one to stop the shooter. 'If anyone in the school were to do something like he did, I would think it would be him,' said student Teia Patan, 17, who is in one of Olson's classes. 'He's one of those people who watch over kids.' Scene: A 16-year-old student walked into the commons, pictured, on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling, according to witnesses. Mr Olson then tackled the boy to the ground . Fears: Parents and students walk away from North Thurston High School on Monday after a 16-year-old student opened fire before classes at the school and was stopped by a teacher . Patan was swept into a classroom and then escorted out of the building after the shooting. He described his high school as a nice, calm school, with no bullying. 'When it was happening, I first thought it has to be fake,' he added. Another student, 16-year-old Anthony Rybalkin, told the News Tribune that he was in the commons area when the shots were fired. 'I saw (the student) walking down the stairs with a cigarette and gun in his hand,' Rybalkin said. 'I was like, "This is actually happening".' He watched as Olson tackled the boy to the ground. He said that another teacher then helped him hold the teenager down. Olson, who is married to an elementary teacher in the school district, Shara Olson, has been teaching for nearly 20 years and has also worked as a former assistant football coach. Scene: No one at the school (pictured) was injured thanks to the quick-thinking of the popular teacher . Safe: Parents hold on to their children after they were released from school on Monday morning . Following his brave efforts at the school, students shared their gratitude on Twitter. 'Thank you so much Mr.Olson for saving so many lives and having the courage to do that,' one wrote. Another added: 'Mr Olson part-time teacher, full-time super hero.' And on her Facebook page, Olson's own mother added: 'So proud of Brady. Not a surprise to any of us that he would be so brave. It was an automatic reaction for him.'^A student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey on Monday morning with a gun and fired twice at the ceiling . Brady Olson, a government teacher, tackled the teenager to the ground and kept him pinned on the floor until authorities came and arrested the boy . The unidentified shooter only transferred to the school a month ago . Students praised the popular teacher for his quick-thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. The firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature. Scroll down for video . Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more. Simply open Tinder, go to your new profile, and connect it to your Instagram account with a single tap - your Tinder profile will automatically start displaying your recent Instagram photos. Tinder only displays the last 34 photos, users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library. 'You asked, we listened,' the firm said. 'We’ve made some exciting new changes to your Tinder profile including a slick, new Instagram integration and more common friends.' The firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile. 'Now there’s no need to put your Instagram handle in your profile description to tell your story (we got sick of having to do that, too).' It also stressed that the app would not let other visitors to your Instagram feed know it was part of a dating profile. 'And in case you were wondering, Tinder won’t post anything to Instagram on your behalf or alter your existing Instagram privacy settings.' Tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the Instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests . The firm has also used Facebook to boost its 'mutual friends' feature. Tinder now shows you the mutual friends and friends of friends you have in common with your potential matches. 'This adds more context and an extra degree of connection to every swipe,' Tinder claims. It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look, expanding the number of interests people can add. Earlier this month Tinder rolled out ‘Tinder Plus’, a premium service allowing people to ‘undo’ a like or change their location. A study has found that nearly two thirds of dating app users are men - and one in five will pay for premium services. Sixteen to 34 year-olds make up the majority of mobile dating app users, accounting for 70 per cent of the total user base. The study, carried out by London-based research firm GlobalWebIndex, also found that six per cent of web users currently use a location-based dating app. Significantly, just a fifth of dating app users are paying for an online dating service,' co-authors Jason Mander and Felim McGrath said in the report. But now they have set a limit on the number of ‘likes’ a user can perform in one day - which seems to be set at 100. When a user reaches this limit, the app tells them ‘You’re Out of Likes’, and gives a countdown clock until 24 hours are up so they can start swiping again. But, below this clock, a big red button says ‘Get Unlimited Likes with Tinder Plus’. A price is then shown. But different users are reporting the app is asking for different amounts. It seems the prices range from around £1.49 a month to as high as £14.99 - but the reasons why are not clear. This means some users will pay £17.88 a year for Tinder Plus - but others, in the upper price category, will have to fork out a whopping £179.88 a year. This equates to some users inadvertently paying £162 more than others over the course of a year. Speaking to MailOnline, Rosette Pambakian, Vice President of Communications and Branding at Tinder, told MailOnline the app is testing out different price points ahead of a global release. 'We are testing Tinder Plus in select markets at various price points before rolling it out globally,' she said. 'The UK is one of our test markets, so a certain portion of the population was given access to Tinder Plus at varying price points.' However, it is still not clear how the app decides how much to charge a user - and whether it is based on location or activity. In addition, Tinder has not commented on whether a user will receive a refund if they ultimately paid over the odds for the final price of the service.^Tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can easily see more . Firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling'. The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley. Scroll down for video . Moors murderer Ian Brady, pictured (left) from Ashworth psychiatric hospital and (right) in a court sketch in 2013, has revealed that he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling' in a series of letters . In a series of rambling letters, he wrote: . It comes four months after Brady - who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent, in which he expressed no remorse for his killings. Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago. Brady (left) was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley (right) The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. Above, police search the area for the bodies . In the December letter he wrote: 'This cell block is described as a "discharge ward"; I've been sitting here 30 years... and there's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin.' Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice Hindley, who died aged 60 in 2002. The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. Pauline Reade, 16, disappeared on her way to a disco on July 12, 1963, and John Kilbride, 12, was snatched in November the same year. Keith Bennett was taken on June 16, 1964, after he left home to visit his grandmother. Lesley Ann Downey, 10, was lured away from a funfair on Boxing Day, 1964, and Edward Evans, 17, was killed in October 1965. His letter reads: . Politicians of today? Compared to the only truly democratic and altruistic peoples’ government ever elected, Labour 1945, the UK corrupt, greedmotivated (sic) political vermin of today, aren’t worth even assassination, all being Tory clerks/lackeys. However, I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib-Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote, and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland. In addition, I hope the IRA is reactivated, as promised for a united Ireland. [...] . The corporate controlled (including the BBC) lower middle class, collusive, servile media generate a false appearance if of democracy and free speech, in a now spineless population constantly asking, "am I allowed to say (this and that)?" (sic) Where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged German Jew. Absurdity! Incidentally, the Scottish dictionary definition of "Cleg" (sic) is, aptly, "a course grey bloodsucking horsefly". Cleg (sic), like his US lickspittle Blair, would form a coalition with literally anyone, just to retain his public image of secondhand power and pathetic grandiosity. As I stopped reading UK newspapers or relying on UK media, depending only on Aljezeers (sic) and Teletext, I know nothing of any EU decisions on UK prisoners possibly voting, and couldn’t care less! Ironically in my half century of imprisonment, I discovered that most professional criminals are Tory voters! [...] . Yours faithfully, . IS Brady . Keith Bennett (left), 12, was snatched and murdered in 1964 and John Kilbride (right), also 12, was snatched in November the year before . Since being convicted Brady has hardly been seen. Above, a police convoy takes Brady to Liverpool Crown Court in 2000 for what was his first appearance in more than 30 years . Brady was given whole life sentences for the murders of John, Lesley Ann and Edward - but did not admit to killing Keith and Pauline until he was in prison. Keith's body has never been discovered. Hindley was convicted of killing Lesley Ann and Edward, and shielding Brady after John's murder. She was jailed for life. Taxpayers have forked out more than £14million on Brady since he was convicted nearly 50 years ago. He has racked up the costs by staging a 15-year hunger strike and a series of failed legal challenges - for which he has relied on legal aid. He lost his last appeal to be transferred to a 'ordinary' prison in June 2013.^77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth hospital in Merseyside . Hopes Ukip will 'decimate' the other political parties in general election . Branded David Dimbleby an 'establishment dumpling' in the rant . Murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on Saddleworth Moor . He hopes that Ukip will 'decimate' the other political parties in the general election, describing David Cameron's views as 'the usual mob-pleasing PR drivel expected from such bovines'. The political leaders are unworthy of 'even being assassinated'. Voters must choose between 'public school millionaires' or a 'refugee, privileged German Jew' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to Ed Miliband, whose Belgian father fled the Nazis. After 'half-a-century’s imprisonment', he believes most professional criminals are Tory voters. He also scoffs at the PM’s 'disgust' over the possibility of convicted killers getting the vote by saying he 'couldn’t care less about voting'. Branded Question Time 'for the dumb' with the 'same old party hacks' and labelled host David Dimbleby an 'establishment dumpling'. Claims he does not like the BBC and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from Al Jazeera.
These century-old photos offer a rare glimpse of some of Beijing’s most popular tourist attractions at a time when they barely had any foreign tourists and no one had ever heard of a selfie. They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty – and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors. The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year. Scroll down for video . Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors . A man casually poses for a photo while standing next to a large statue of a lion at Beijing's Yonghe Temple . A visitor stands alone at the Temple of Heaven, where emperors of the Ming and Qing dynasties held heaven worship ceremonies . This photo was taken at the pavilion outside the Church of the Saviour, which was established early in the 18th century . The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace. The origin of the photos is not known. Some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion, a camel and a horse. Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through, no selfie sticks and no smog in sight. A man poses next to a giant stone statue at the Western Qing Tombs, where more than 75 members of the royal family are buried . The Nine-Dragon Wall at Beihai Park was built in 1402 and features the legendary creatures on both sides . Guozijian, known as the National School or Beijing Imperial College, was the highest seat of learning during four Chinese dynasties . Today, these steps at the Temple of Heaven, a cluster of religious buildings in central Beijing, are crowded with visitors . Four emperors and their empresses are buried at the Western Qing Tombs, nearly 100 miles south-west of Beijing . A boy poses in between stone statues of animals at the Western Qing Tombs, which has four royal mausoleums . Some of the subjects in the photographs – taken mostly in Beijing – offer wide smiles, while others pose with blank expressions. It’s possible that some were wary of the camera’s lens, as there was once a belief by some in China that a photo could capture a person’s soul. The images offer an enchanting glimpse into China’s last imperial era, which ended in 1911. The Western Qing Tombs contain tombs for the Yongzheng Emperor, Jiaqing Emperor, Daoguang Emperor and Guangxu Emperor . Only some of the subjects in the photos offered a smile; there was once a belief that a photograph could capture a person's soul . The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by millions . This man is pictured in several of the century-old photographs; this snap was taken during a visit to the Western Qing Tombs . Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight . Some of the Beijing-area attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites . A group of men pass under a bridge while navigating a stream at the Summer Palace, a Unesco World Heritage Site . A foreign tourist stands next to monuments at the foot of Beijing's Yuquan Mountain, with a horse and cart parked nearby . Beijing's Summer Palace is regarded as the largest and most well-preserved royal park in China, with a collection of gardens and lakes . Beijing has become such a popular destination for holidaymakers that the Forbidden City announced last year that it would limit the number of visitors. The former imperial palace in the heart of Beijing attracts more than 14 million visitors every year, according to Chinese state media. Some of the attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites, including the Forbidden City, Summer Palace and Temple of Heaven.^Black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the Chinese capital's landmarks devoid of tourists . Pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty, the last imperial dynasty of China . Locals and foreigners pose at the Temple of Heaven, Western Qing Tombs and Summer Palace . Quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, one of the most populous cities in the world .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle. The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car. A man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the doors of the Harts Range police station . Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner. 'The man has allegedly thrown a wheel spanner at the Night Patrol vehicle and driven the car at speed towards the police station,' he said. 'The station, which was vacant at the time, has sustained damage to the front glass doors and rear roller doors.' The culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but wouldn't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar . Superintendent Muldoon said the alleged offender then drove off along the Plenty Highway. 'Police do not think he would have travelled far, as damage left behind suggests he would have no working headlights, no front number plate or a front bumper bar,' he said. 'The car may still have the rear number plate attached which is SA registered S145 AVI.' Police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue Ford Falcon utility, with front and possible rear end damage, to contact police on 131 444 or call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the dangerous stunt .^Man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in Harts Range, Northern Territory . He then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station . The 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car . Car had no front number plate, front bumper bar or working headlights . Vehicle may still have rear number plate which is SA-registered S145 AVI . Station is located 240km northeast of Alice Springs in Northern Territory .
The richest fight of all time continues to break through the barriers of history – mostly in terms of financial records, naturally. For the first time in the annals of boxing – as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday – fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in. This formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 when Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill. Floyd Mayweather with girlfriend Doralie Medina (left) and Manny Pacquiao with his wife Jinkee (right) Pacquiao with his wife and  children (left to right) Michael, Israel, Emmanuel, Princess and Queen Elizabeth . Mayweather visits SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas, a new-age version of the ice bath . No fewer than 30,000 of the Manchester Hitman's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh-in. The atmosphere was electrified when Hatton yelled 'let's be having him' as Mayweather was about to follow him onto the stage. Hatton would be knocked out but there was more of the same when he went back to the MGM Grand to suffer the same fate against Pacquiao two years later. Since then weigh-ins there have turned into sound and light spectacles, taking place inside the Grand Garden Arena itself, and the audiences keep growing. The decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety, not profit. Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week and the MGM need to control the crowds at all the associated events. Thousands of fans watched Ricky Hatton and Mayweather weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . Hatton points towards the crowd during his heated weigh-in with Mayweather in December 2007 . Mayweather poses in his TMT clothing as he takes a break from training over the weekend . To avoid accusations of cashing in on the phenomenon the hotel and both promoters – Mayweather and Top Rank – will donate all revenue from the weigh-in to charities nominated by the Money Man and the PacMan. Mayweather and Pacquiao will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles. Wladimir Klitschko, as he makes a rare appearance in the US this Saturday, admits that at 39 he has to start considering when he might hang up those huge gloves. However, assuming he adds Bryant Jennings to his long list of victims, that will not happen before Dr Iron Fist has obliged the two young pretenders to his heavyweight throne. Namely our own Tyson Fury and America's KO sensation Deontay Wilder. Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday . Klitschko says: 'I do have to start thinking about retirement.' But then the Ukrainian who boxes mostly to sell-out crowds in German football stadia, adds: 'I would like to fight Fury, which would be a huge event in Europe. 'I want to fight Wilder, to add the only remaining belt to my unified world titles.' Unusually, both men would present Klitschko with opposition as tall or, in Fury's case, even taller than his own 6ft 6in. Fury is his mandatory challenger for the WBO title. Wilder holds the WBC title which was vacated by Klitschko's brother Vitali when he retired to concentrate on the violent complexities of Ukrainian politics as Mayor of Kiev. WBC heavyweight champions Deontay Wilder looks set to face Klitschko before he hangs up his gloves . Wladimir is also the WBA, IBF, IBO and Ring magazine champion. There is another factor which will tempt him to prolong his reign even further. Currently he ranks fourth in the all-time list of successive world heavyweight title defences, with 18. Victories over Jennings – which looks to be something of a formality in New York's Madison Square Garden, would lift him level with Muhammad Ali and Larry Holmes on 19. If he adds wins over Fury and Wilder he will close to within just four victories of the 25-defences record held by Joe Louis. That is likely to be an opportunity too good to refuse. Tyson Fury, pictured in action against Dereck Chisora, is Klitschko's mandatory challenger for the WBO title . The crushing defeat of Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr by the largely unheralded and, in terms of his first name, unpronounceable Pole Andrzej Fonfara, complicates Carl Froch's exit strategy from the ring. One of Froch's two dream scenarios has been a farewell fight in Las Vegas, probably against Chavez with his box office appeal for America's Hispanic population and fans south of the border in Mexico. But the namesake son of an idolised father was so badly beaten up through nine rounds in California by Fonfara – suffering the first knock down of his career in the process – that he quit on his stool. Carl Froch could choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr's defeat by Andrzej Fonfara last week . Inadvisedly, Chavez had agreed to a catch-weight fight with light-heavyweight contender Fonfara and is talking about going back down to Froch's super-middleweight division. Whether this former middleweight champion would still be a draw after this setback is doubtful and Froch had said before the fight that it would hurt his plans 'if Chavez got knocked out. The other swansong ambition – to fight on the City Ground of his beloved Nottingham Forest – suffered a setback when Andre Ward agreed to come to England for their mandatory WBA title unifier but not to Froch's home town. Retirement is becoming an increasingly attractive option for the Cobra. Chavez (right) was stopped after nine rounds on his return to the ring following more than a year out .^Fans will be charged to watch a weigh-in for the first time when Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio step on the scales . All profits will be donated to charities nominated by the boxers . Mayweather and Pacquiao will be weighed at the Grand Garden Arena . Wladimir Klitschko admits that he is considering retirement . The Ukrainian looks set to fight Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder . Carl Froch may choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr's defeat by Andrzej Fonfara . Froch had hoped to face the Mexican in Las Vegas later this year .
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end. Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha, Nebraska, showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials . Clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in Council Bluffs, Iowa . SCOOBY-TWO: Clinton's now-iconic souped-up van has a mechanically identical clone, which the Secret Service rolled out as a decoy on Wednesday . KETV trailed Clinton to the Main Street Cafe in Council Bluffs, and spoke to Pottawattamie County Democratic Chairwoman Linda Nelson. The cafe meeting was so secret, Nelson told the station, that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began. The Secret Service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries. Mrs. Clinton has round-the-clock protection, including a van chauffeur, because she is the wife of a former U.S. president, Bill Clinton. On Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa, Daily Mail Online trailed Clinton's motorcade. The phalanx of 7 cars included a second 'Scooby'-mobile outfitted to look identical to the one Clinton was riding in. At one point that van's driver forced an interloping driver out of the way and drove through a red light to keep up with the group. FLASHERS: 'Scooby-two' forced an Iowa motorist to leave the roadway on Wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the Clinton motorcade .^Clinton's signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in Council Bluffs, Iowa . Hillary walked right past an unmistakable blue parking sign to climb into the van, nicknamed 'Scooby' Meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that Democratic Party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones . Secret Service are technically federal law-enforcement officers and the vehicle is never left unattended, so there was no chance of a parking ticket .
A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense. Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect. The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her  'vulnerable, passive and gullible'. However at a motion hearing, Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it. The judge went in favor of the prosecution, who said the report should have been filed as evidence last year if the defense were going to argue insanity. Defense denied: A judge ruled Wednesday that attorneys for Brett Robinson, 33, waited too long to file an insanity defense, ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient . Charged: Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . State law says that defendants should file notice regarding evidence of mental disease or defect when they plead not guilty, Oregon Live reported. The judge said the defense filing it on April 10 was 'untimely' and that he didn't want to delay the trial. The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist. Robinson, who worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble', struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named -  in a nearby cell. The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room. According to the psychologist's report obtained by   Robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to 'open up to him' early last year.Then, in March, the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday. When her manager went to lunch, Robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble. She thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell, the report said. 'He kissed me so passionately, I was taken aback. 'I asked about the blanket. 'He said ''I was hoping we could go farther''. 'Then he was saying ''we don't have time to discuss this'', so I had sex with him.' New protocol: In the wake of the scandal, the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . On trial: Brett Robinson, 33, faces charges of first-degree custodial sexual misconduct and first-degree official misconduct . They continued having sexual encounters, the report said, and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with 'Hi Baby'. The letter said: 'I am hoping this letter will better convey the love I feel deep inside for you. ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts, fantasies and dreams, and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side. It makes it hard to go about my normal daily activities when all I do is miss you. You are my everything, Baby – I could not envision my life without you in it.' However the relationship began to sour when Robinson started hearing about the abusive conduct of the inmate elsewhere in the prison. He had passed a sexually explicit note to a nurse and also pushed a female prisoner against a wall and kissed her. The psychologist noted that Robinson was delusional about the man. The report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood. 'There is evidence that these delusions developed in this generally vulnerable, passive and gullible woman as part of a Major Depressive and Anxiety episode,' the doctor wrote. Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry. The prosecution is fighting against Robinson using the insanity defense. In March Curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison. That case was very similar to the allegations against Robinson. Curry was also a services technician and was convicted of letting gang member Jang-Li Delgado Galban, 25,  who was housed in the jail's maximum-security unit, out of his cell and have sex with him in a supply closet. Ex-Washington County Jail staffer Jill Curry, 39, cries in court last month as she was sentenced to more than four years in prison for repeatedly having sex with an inmate in a supply closet . Curry, who is married to a sheriff's deputy, pleaded guilty last month to custodial sexual misconduct and other charges stemming from her contact with Delgado Galban. Authorities said the sexual misconduct occurred while a deputy was at lunch, when Curry, a civilian jail services technician, was alone in the unit's control room, reports The Oregonian. Curry pushed a button to unlock the inmate's cell and the pair would then meet in the supply closet to have sexual relations. This occurred 13 times, said prosecutor Jeff Lesowski. A probation officer who conducted a pre-sentencing investigation had recommended a prison sentence of less than two years, which the defense asked the judge to impose. Judge Bailey went above the state's recommendation when sentencing Curry. The Multnomah County Sheriff's Office first started their investigation into Curry's actions on July 8, 2014, when someone called into the professional standards unit to report the jail services technician. Curry had claimed that Jang-Li Delgado Galban, a 25-year-old gang member housed in the jail's maximum-security unit, had seduced her . Curry was placed on administrative leave that day, pending a criminal investigation. She had been working in the sheriff's office since October 2004, serving different parts of the jail including booking, inmate units and the control center. An article published in The Oregonian in 2010 said that in December 2009, Delgado-Galban, then 20 years old, allegedly broke into a woman's apartment in Hillsboro and raped her. The suspect later agreed to a plea deal, as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped. In December 2010, Delgado-Galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison, and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release. But according to sheriff's officials, he failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement, which landed him behind bars in the Washington County Jail where he encountered Curry. In the wake of the scandal, the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again.^Brett Robinson, 33, facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year . Allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . Relationship continued and Robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was 'a constant presence in my thoughts, fantasies and dreams' Was caught during an investigation into colleague Jill Curry, 39 . Judge ruled Wednesday that Robinson's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month, with her trial set to start next week . A psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient .
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope, off the Gabon coast. The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled. Scroll down for video . Rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship, Thunder from Lagos to cover up illegal fishing . Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of Africa . The fishing vessel sank in perfect conditions, leading to suspicions that it had been deliberately scuttled . Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean. The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa. Bob Barker's captain Peter Hammarstedt said: 'It is an incredibly suspicious situation, to say the least. 'When my chief engineer boarded the Thunder in the hours leading up to the sinking, he was able to confirm that there were clear signs that the vessel was intentionally scuttled. 'Usually when a vessel is sinking, the captain will close all hatches so as to maintain buoyancy. However, on the Thunder, the reverse was done - doors and hatches were tied open and the fishhold was opened.' Sea Shepherd said the crew were given food and water and were transferred to Sam Simon. Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal on Monday afternoon. The Thunder's crew of 40 all managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel sunk to the ocean bottom . Members of Sea Shepherd launched rescue boats to rescue the members of crew from the ocean . Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled . Hammarstedt said Thunder's captain, who was not named, complained about being rescued and 'started applauding and cheering' when the vessel sank. He told the Sydney Morning Herald: 'We've been chasing the Thunder for 110 days now, and I think they're basically at the end of their fuel, and they would have had to make a port call . 'I think the captain of the Thunder made the decision that he preferred the physical evidence on board... was better on the ocean bottom than going into port with him.' Thunder, on a list of boats deemed to have engaged in illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing activities by multi-national body the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR), is suspected of illegal fishing for Patagonian toothfish and other rare species in the Antarctic. Toothfish is sold as Chilean sea bass, which is popular in high-end restaurants. It sells primarily in the United States, Europe and Japan, although there is also a growing market in China. Sea Shepherd's vessel Bob Barker, pictured, had been tracking The Thunder for more than 100 days .^The Thunder from Lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for Toothfish . Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for more than 100 days . The Thunder's captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover-up . Watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
Defeated: Napoleon (illustrated) lost at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 . Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a 'triumphalist' way – to avoid upsetting the French. Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'. The invitation to the Waterloo 200 event says: 'The service, although related to a military victory, is not in any way glorifying war, nor must it be seen as triumphalist.' Instead, the service – to be attended by members of the Royal Family and senior political and military figures – will focus on the 'pan-European' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed. Conservative Jacob Rees-Mogg, who is bidding to be re-elected as a Somerset MP, said: 'Waterloo was a triumph of good versus evil. Napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths. 'Two hundred years on, it is ridiculous to spare the blushes of the French by not celebrating the battle for what it was. What next? Will we ask France to apologise for the Battle of Hastings?' The service of commemoration, to take place on the 200th anniversary of Waterloo on June 18, will be the centrepiece of a series of events to mark the battle. Waterloo 200 chairman, Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter, defended the 'no triumphalism' theme. Asked if it looked as though the service was designed to avoid embarrassing the French, he said: 'Some people may read it like that but it's not how we look at it.' He added that the enemy at Waterloo was Napoleon – not France as such. The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle on Europe, not the military campaign or the battle itself. 'What Waterloo brought in was an extended period of peace in Europe after a particularly horrible 20 years of war,' Sir Evelyn said. 'The commemoration looks forward to the European harmony that followed it.' Colin Brown, author of Scum Of The Earth, a new book about Waterloo, said Wellington would not have objected to the non-triumphalist tone. He added: 'The Duke strongly believed in the restoration of the status quo after the battle, including the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France.' The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle (illustrated) on Europe, organisers said .^Guests attending Battle of Waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat . Invitations to the event said it must not be seen as 'triumphalist' The move was criticised by politicians as 'absurd' political correctness .
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ‘too lazy to have a baby'. The image, which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S, has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia. University of Sydney's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz told Daily Mail Australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons. An offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans . ‘They are suggesting that it's the woman's own fault if she need a caesarean. That’s like saying it’s your fault that have an inflamed appendix, or bowel cancer. It’s plain stupid.’ The world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to 'act against their own better professional judgment.' ‘While it sits on the the extreme end of the caesarean spectrum, it’s an attitude which is actually widespread in Australia. That’s why I feel it needs to be addressed.’ Professor Dietz said the sharp rise in Caesareans since the 1980’s has triggered a strong movement from people trying to curb the rates. Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia . ‘The reality is that your average newborn is much bigger now than in the past, and for some women Caesareans are the safest option. It’s downright dangerous to deny women that right.’ Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births. It’s believed the anti-caesarean campaign on social media is a bid to pressure mums to into following the WHO appeal.^The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group . Professors of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image is dangerous . The Professor said it represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment . World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
Britain's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of £690,000 a year. The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister’s £142,500 pay packet – and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices. A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 and a total of 177 received more than £200,000. More than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000. The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers’ money paid to dentists for NHS work, following Labour’s introduction of controversial contracts in 2006. Scroll down for video . Lucrative: Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients . Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’. Under freedom of information laws, the NHS Business Services Authority was asked about the pensionable pay of dentists who do NHS work. In 2012/13, the latest figures available, five practitioners were paid more than £500,000. They shared a total of about £3.4million – an average of £690,000. This comes on top of any money they take from treating patients privately. Another 11 earned £400,000 to £499,999 from the NHS, 30 received £300,000 to £399,999, 131 pocketed £200,000 to £299,999 and 1,617 received £100,000 to £199,999. Katherine Murphy, of the Patients Association, said the rates of pay were ‘exorbitant’. Yesterday's Daily Mail . She added: ‘Investment is urgently needed on the front line where there is a desperate shortage of nurses [and] patients waiting for hours in A&E … when the NHS is under such huge financial pressure, this type of spending on huge salaries is unacceptable.’ It follows revelations in Thursday’s Mail that millions of pounds was being wasted on NHS prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste. Yesterday, the Mail also exposed a £2,700 charge for cataract surgery at some hospitals – treble the cost to the health service – raising suspicions that patients are being ripped off. Patient Concern’s Roger Goss said: ‘This is scandalous. People will be shocked to hear the sums lining dentists’ pockets when it is almost impossible to find dental care on the NHS in some parts of the country. ‘There is something strange going on when the NHS will pay for gastric bands, suncream and hangover tablets yet it is so difficult to get dental treatment on it. It is almost perverse.’ Jonathan Isaby of the Taxpayers Alliance, which the Mail commissioned to carry out the research, said the salaries show a ‘shameless public sector elite taking taxpayers for a ride’. He added: ‘It is outrageous that these telephone-number salaries have been hidden from the people who pay them … Taxpayers expect the money they put in to the NHS to be spent on patients, not on bumper pay packets.’ The contracts brought in by Labour were designed to improve access to NHS dentistry. But patients are still struggling to get an appointment. The pay deals gave practitioners a fixed sum for a set amount of work agreed at the start of the year, rather than separate incomes for the number of patients treated or procedures done. Thursday's Daily Mail . Treatments are divided into three bands, from a simple check-up earning the dentist £25, to procedures such as fitting dentures and crowns, for roughly £300. The value of a contract can run to millions of pounds, and some dentists run more than one practice so hold multiple contracts. According to the Health and Social Care Information Centre, 21,500 dentists did NHS work in 2012/13, but most also do substantial amounts of private work. The British Dental Association’s Mick Armstrong said the top-earning dentists ‘most likely own a group of practices’ or are specialists in their area. But Tory Charlotte Leslie, who sat on the health select committee of MPs, said: ‘Most people will be absolutely stunned individual clinicians are getting such astronomical salaries on the NHS.’ A spokesman for NHS England said it contracts the vast majority of dental services from self-employed individuals or companies, some of whom ‘earn income from a number of contracts’.^Highest-earning NHS dentists earn almost five times more than Prime Minister’s £142,500 pay packet . A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 a year . Lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for NHS work . Campaigners branded the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
A  teenager with a deadly brain tumour has  raised the majority of $80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery. With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on, 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from  Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page. Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. Jackson Byrnes (pictured) is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery . Refusing to accept the dismal diagnosis, his family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After nine days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe, the Casino teenager is just under $4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life. Taking to his Facebook fundraising page - Jackson Byrnes Brain Tumor Surgery Fund - friends of Jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page. Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . Jackson Byrnes is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target . 'Jackson we're not far from achieving the 80k) an admin person on the page wrote. 'We couldn't have done this without the support of you all' they said. According to the Gold Coast Bulletin, Mr Byrnes' girlfriend, Jahnae Jackson, noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI. He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain. Mr Byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was, but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment. A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go . Knowing that this was not enough, Mr Byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure. They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening. The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations. 'Most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them,' Mr Byrne's fundraising page on GoFundMe reads. Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the Casino teenager . The donations have been coming in thick and fast since the GoFundMe page was created . 'It is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life.' In seven days, over $47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times. Victorian finance, leasing and risk management company Morris Finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $2000. '#savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $40,255 with two days to go,' a supporter posted on Twitter . In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery . Rooftech Australia, Summerland Credit Union and Alstonville Quality Meats have also donated generous sums for Mr Byrnes. Messages of support have also flooded social media for the Casino teenager. 'Thoughts and prayers going out to you Jackson, stay strong,' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page. 'Hoping for the best possible outcome for you! Hugs from our family to yours!' wrote another. The Twitter hashtag #savejackson has also been circulating through the Casino and Lismore area.^Teen with deadly brain tumour has almost raised $80,000 . The money is needed to fund his life-saving brain surgery . 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes has stage four brain tumour . He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on . Instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation . He must find $80,000 by Tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front . Jackson Byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country, but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger. Ramsey’s QPR, who face Pulis’s West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday, are 19th in the Barclay’s Premier League table – four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th. The R’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis’s 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace, in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop. Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League . Indeed, Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February, but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics. ‘I think Tony Pulis would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach,’ Ramsey said when asked about the speculation. ‘He maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere. Not just here, at any club. ‘I think Tony gets a very bad reputation for the way he plays. What he does is he goes into places, assesses what the players need and gets the best out of them. I would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country.’ Ramsey claims Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain,' but says that he won't be asking for his advice . While Ramsey admits he is encouraged by the likes of Pulis, he firmly believes his own tactical acumen is the reason he was entrusted with keeping QPR in the top flight. ‘I take inspiration from Tony because I respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager,’ Ramsey continued. ‘I’ll take any advice from any coach in any league, because I realise how tough the job is. ‘As far as tactics are concerned, I don’t think I’d be looking at anybody else and asking for any advice. I’ve been put in the job for a reason, the reason being that the people who’ve put me in think I know what I’m doing. ‘Apart from a dodgy 20 minutes at Crystal Palace, I think we’ve been in every game, especially against the top teams. We were extremely disappointed we didn’t get anything against Everton. But ultimately it’s about the money ends of the ground, isn’t it? And we haven’t been good enough at both ends when it really counted.’ The Queens Park Rangers boss knows that his side can't afford to slip up anymore if they want to stay up .^Chris Ramsey praises Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in Britain . The Queens Park Rangers boss says he won't be asking for his advice . QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday in crucial relegation clash . CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .
Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to Aston Villa but Rodgers said: 'I don't think there is anyone better. That is the reality of how I see it. Three months ago I was a tactical genius. Now I have lost a game and it is not so good. 'I have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process. I haven't taken over a machine that was for 10 years used to winning trophies.' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . Steven Gerrard (left) trains alongside Jordan Henderson, who signed a new Liverpool contract on Thursday . Adam Lallana (left) was back in training for Liverpool as they prepare to take on West Brom . Henderson (left) shakes hands with captain Gerrard on the day he signed a new Liverpool contract . Liverpool have been putting in the hard yards on the Melwood training pitch in a bid to ensure they hit back from their FA Cup nightmare when they take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday. Rodgers leads his side to The Hawthorns after watching them wilt on the big stage against Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend, crashing out of the cup with a 2-1 defeat and a toothless display. The Reds welcome Adam Lallana back to the fold for the game against Tony Pulis' team while Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club. He shook hands with Steven Gerrard at training on Thursday as the changing of the guard at Liverpool draws closer. Henderson is expected to take Gerrard's captain's armband on a permanent basis when the iconic No 8 departs for Los Angeles Galaxy when his contract expires at the end of the season. Liverpool are fifth in the Premier League table, seven points behind Manchester City in fourth but with a game in hand on last year's champions. Jordon Ibe (left) and Joe Allen compete for the ball during Liverpool's training session on Thursday . Philippe Coutinho (right) tries to keep the ball away from Gerrard as they prepare for West Brom . Raheem Sterling puts in a shift as Liverpool aim to hit back from FA Cup defeat by Aston Villa . Striker Mario Balotelli is one of a number of players whose future at Liverpool is in doubt past this season . Champions League qualification remains unlikely and Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer, with question marks over the futures of players such as Mario Balotelli, Kolo Toure, Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert. Liverpool's recruitment policy has fallen under intense scrutiny following the semi-final defeat to by Villa but Rodgers' position as manager at the club is understood to be secure.^Bullish Brendan Rodgers says he is the man to take Liverpool forward . His time at the club is under scrutiny after FA Cup semi-final defeat . Liverpool can hit back with victory at West Brom on Saturday . Jordan Henderson 'over the moon' after signing new  Liverpool contract . Man United and Liverpool target Memphis Depay holds talks with PSG .
A former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties, reports NZ Herald. Former immigration minister Hakaoro Hakaoro, who was jailed in January 2014 for working without a license, has been found guilty of another string of complaints . Hakaoro took $3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status. When the visa applications were denied, he dishonestly told them Immigration New Zealand was still considering their visas. Acting on his behalf, Hakaoro's wife later asked one of the siblings to move into their house, engage in sexual relations with Hakaoro and perform household jobs for them, but the woman declined. The tribunal has confirmed the new complaints and will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty. The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints, such as suggesting to a client he impregnate her as a means of getting a work permit . Hakaoro attempted to dismiss the new complaints on account of being unable to defend himself from prison . Hakaoro had previously tried to have the complaints dismissed on account of not being able to defend himself from prison. The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of similar complaints, including suggesting to a client he impregnate her as a means of getting a work permit. In another case he forced a woman who was unlawfully in the country to give massages to his wife.^Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence . A string of new complaints against him have come to light this week . He tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas . The tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .
With every new milestone, many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices. As expected, not everyone will feel satisfied with the decisions they've made  that they have made the right decisions. But this affects women more so than men, a new survey has revealed. A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men. With 47% compared to only 40% of men . According to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise, women regret their career choices more so than men. Just under half (47 per cent) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to just 40 per cent of men. More alarming is the fact that nearly half of women (47 per cent) surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles. For men, the figure was even higher, with 52 per cent having suffered from mental issues. Furthermore, one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work. Similar ranking figures showed that people had also dealt with isolation, or unsociable and distant feelings as a result. The survey, from specialist travel agency, Planet Cruise, was conducted on people age over 55 and exposed widespread career disappointments among both men and women . More than a quarter surveyed also revealed that they wished that they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers. Specifically, one in ten admitted that they regretted not being more tenacious with pursuing promotions and being more ambitious in general. Women were also more likely to feel like their relationships had held them back in their careers. And 17 per cent of women felt some sort of resentment towards their partners - indicating that they held them responsible for a career regret or missed opportunity. 10% of women surveyed admitted that they regretted not having more children, compared with only 6% men . But only ten per cent of men admitted to feeling the same way. These regrets didn't only stem from people's careers, but sadly extended to personal choices too. More men than women (22 per cent compared to just 11 per cent) wished they hadn't worked so much, and had spent more time with their children. Just ten per cent of females regretted not having more children - indicating that career pressures had limited the amount of time they had available - compared to only six per cent of men. More men than women (15% compared to 10%) regretted not dating more before they settled down. More men regretted not dating more before they settled down - with 15 per cent admitting this, compared to just 10 per cent of women. From 6 April onward, the UK's new pension reforms allow over-55s to have more freedom with their pension. The  survey exposed widespread regrets within that specific age group. A spokesperson for Planet Cruise commented: 'Work can consume our entire lives. As we get older, we reflect upon opportunities in life which may have passed us by. 'Everyone has regrets in life and, in this case, women admit to this more than men.'^Research conducted by Planet Cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over . Women were more likely to regret their career choices than men . Men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
Andy Murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The world No 3 posted on Twitter a hilarious series of ‘emojis’ to his 2.98 million followers, displaying his various plans for the day. From the tweet its clear Murray expects a day featuring plenty of laughter, romance, alcohol and even dancing. Andy Murray is delighted after some Snooker with friends Ross Hutchins (left) and Jamie Delgado (centre) The world No 3 posted this humorous Tweet in 'emojis' on the morning of his wedding day in Dunblane . Murray’s friend and fellow tennis player Jamie Delgado also tweeted how the Scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a Twitter selfie: ‘pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who? @andy_murray @RoscoHutchins @JohnnyDelgado .’ The final preparations for the wedding in Dunblane’s Cathedral on Saturday afternoon are underway after the happy couple visited the venue on Friday to run through rehearsals. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open and announced their engagement last November. Here is Andy Murray's wedding day tweet in emoticons broken down to the individual 'emojis' However Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season. The 27-year-old, who reached the Miami Masters final on Sunday before eventually losing to Novak Djokovic, will also take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman in Spain. The possible appointment of Bjorkman, the former world singles No 4 and doubles No 1, has taken on greater significance since his coach Amelie Mauresmo announced she is pregnant. Preparations are well underway at the Cathedral in Dunblane for the Scot's big day . Fans and members of the public have been lining the streets of Dunblane to congratulate Murray . Members of the public have weathered torrid conditions to queue up outside the venue in Dunblane . Crowds have been building all Saturday outside the Cathedral in Andy Murray's hometown of Dunblane . Murray and Kim Sears leave Dunblane Cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single on Friday . Andy Murray celebrates taking a set against Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday . Murray had to settle for the runner's-up trophy in Miami, losing to World No 1 Novak Djokovic in three sets . Andy Murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal on Friday . Fiancee Kim Sears appeared at the rehearsal in Dunblane alongside friends and family . The pair will be married in Murray's hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday afternoon . Local businesses have been getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . Murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 London Olympics .^Andy Murray is getting married to Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday . British No 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal . Former Wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman .
Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland, experts say. The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Scroll down for videos . The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh . UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds. David Moore from Astronomy Ireland told The Mirror: 'This event was so bright that a piece or pieces may have survived the re-entry and landed as extremely rare and valuable meteorites.' However, the group's initial analysis of its trajectory, based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it, suggests that it may well have fallen into the Irish Sea. UKMON said: 'It is very likely something has survived and landed in the Irish Sea. Probably no bigger than 30 to 50 grams.' It added that the meteorite was burning at a very low altitude of  21 miles, compared to the usual 50 to 75 miles and was formed of 'very hard and dense material compared to soft cometary material which we normally see as meteor showers'. The network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event. It comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul, one of the most influential figures in early Christianity, . Experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013. Dr William Hartmann, co-founder of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson, Arizona, examined three accounts of Paul's conversion in the Bible. Astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia (pictured) triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul . The fireball above Chelyabinsk (above) was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . Writing in the journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science, he said: 'The first-century book, Acts of the Apostles, gives three separate descriptions of a bright light "from heaven", which occurred probably in the 30s (C.E.) near Damascus, Syria. 'The details offer a strikingly good match to a Chelyabinsk-class or Tunguska-class fireball.' In the accounts given in the Bible, Paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of Jesus. However, during a journey to Damascus, Syria, he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky. Paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound. The experience apparently so affected Paul that he converted to Christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of Christ around the Mediterranean. Many believe Paul's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the Roman and Protestant faith strands that exist today. However, some have attempted to explain Paul's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke. Dr Hartmann, however, says the description of the light in the sky, the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite. He said the Cheyabinsk meteor, which exploded in the atmosphere close to the Russian city, is a good example of what Paul may have experienced. He said that the bright light in the sky - which was 'brighter than the sun, shining round me' - matches videos of the Chelyabinsk meteor, which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun. Its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around Paul.^Fireball captured on camera by the UK Meteor Observing Network . It says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between Mars and Jupiter . The meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles . There were dozens of sightings of the event, from England to Ireland .
In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories, the woman dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' has put her younger counterparts to shame. Looking radiant, Daphne Selfe, 86, shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. Daphne said of the collection, in which she appears with 22-year-old Flo Dron: 'The & Other Stories’ collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist, all in lovely colours.' 86-year-old Daphne Selfe has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dunn, 22 . The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. The shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands SS2015 collection. Daphne's career originally began  in 1949 and she once told the Express: 'Modelling was respectable then so my parents were very happy for me to do it and it was fabulous. 'I still think the Fifties was the best time to be a model because the clothes were so lovely. Of course we were much more innocent. 'There was no television, only the radio and we'd never heard of drugs.' At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne, from Baldock, Hertfordshire, was still commanding £1,000 per day for her work. Daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & Other Stories collection alongside the customised shoes . 'That rate is quite rare but it's very nice when it comes and helps the pension,' she said. The model also comes from a time when it was OK to not be super skinny: 'I'm a big-boned person and back in 1950 I was 10st 7lb, although nobody told me to lose weight. 'I didn't do anything to make myself thin but once I had three children I lost weight and now I'm 8st. 'My waist is 28'' so I can sometimes get into a size eight on a shoot but I wear a 10 for comfort. I think it's ridiculous and very sad that some of the models now have become so skeletal.' Flo and Daphne sit side by side as they model almost matching outfits for the two brands . Daphne wears a day time look with lace up vans (left) changing into a red dress for another picture (right) The model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox. She once said: 'I’ve never had anything done to my face. 'Not that poison [botox], not a facelift. I think it’s a waste of money. Anyway, I couldn’t afford it!’ She previously revealed to the MailOnline that she posed nude back in the day for artists such as Barbara Hepworth. The outfits chosen for the campaign look great no matter what age the model is . She revealed that she keeps her grey hair, which is brushed down around her shoulders in the new campaign, long because it is cheaper. She said: 'My hair is long now because it’s cheaper, I don’t have to do anything, but put it in a topknot or a French pleat. 'It avoids that old lady permed look, lengthens the neck and lifts the face. I’ve got so many friends who don’t touch the make-up pot. You should keep looking nice, it makes you feel so much better.’ In modelling shots taken from the earlier part of her career Daphne shows off her effortless grace . Daphne is known for her timeless beauty and has previously admitted to never having had any surgery . Daphne took part in the Dare To Wear campaign in 2014 for the Trafford Center in Manchester . Over the last few years Daphne has landed a number of campaigns with well known brands. In 2013 she was chosen to work for TK Maxx and last year she fronted the Dare To Wear campaign for the Trafford Center in Manchester. Daphne says that she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle: 'My parents gave me good genes and health, and I have always eaten sensibly. 'I was brought up through the war so the phrase "make do and mend" has never done me any harm. I always try to make the best of everything, to stay positive and to have a healthy lifestyle.' Flo looked stunning in a red dress with a matching bag and slip on Vans shoes .^Daphne Selfe has been modelling since the Fifties . She has recently landed a new campaign with Vans and & Other Stories . The 86-year-old commands £1,000 a day for her work .
Traitor Edward Snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked – a move which put lives at risk from terrorists. In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘evaluating’ the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda. Scroll down for video . Last Week Tonight host John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of 'harmful' documents and asks him to explain why he did it . But in an outburst of arrogance, Snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ‘fundamental’ price of liberty. The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 – less than a month after the murder of Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists – when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents. He leaked information about attempts by spying agencies including GCHQ and the NSA to view citizens’ private information, claiming internet history, emails, text messages, calls and passwords were harvested. But security chiefs have warned that secret techniques, revealed by Snowden’s leaks to the Guardian newspaper, have made it easier for terrorists and organised criminals to avoid detection. Last month, Home Secretary Theresa May attacked the harm done by the traitor – now one of the world’s most wanted men. Terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations. They warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details from intelligence agencies – with fatal results. In Sunday night’s interview with British TV host John Oliver, for US channel HBO, Snowden pointedly avoided saying he had read every document he handed over to journalists. At one point the British comedian asks Snowden whether he had read all of the documents he sent to journalists. The whistleblower said he had an 'understanding' of their content . He would only say: ‘I’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive.’ Pressed, he added: ‘I do understand what I turned over.’ But he acknowledged ‘recognising the concern’ over whether he knew enough about the contents of the files or the abilities of reporters to protect classified details. Snowden admitted there had been a ‘f***-up’ with the way in which some of the information about the NSA and GCHQ, Britain’s intelligence agency, had been released. Last year, the New York Times published a slide containing the name of the NSA employee who prepared it. The target of the surveillance was also identified as Al Qaeda in Mosul, Iraq. Snowden said such details should have been removed and, in a feeble attempt to defend his actions, added: ‘In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made. This is a fundamental concept of liberty.’ Unconvinced, Mr Oliver replied: ‘You’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there … We’re not even talking about bad faith, we’re talking about incompetence.’ Oliver tries to get Snowden to explain the leak in the context of nude pictures. The ex-CIA systems administrator claims the government can see most of the pictures you share . It is one of the few occasions in which Snowden has been put on the spot over his treachery as he normally speaks only to Left-wing media who have published his leaks. Lord West, a former First Sea Lord and security minister, said: ‘Since the revelations of the traitor Snowden, terrorist groups have changed how they communicate and talk to each other. ‘His actions have made us all less safe. No doubt people will die who would not have died had he not been so irresponsible.’ Robin Simcox, of the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank, said: ‘This is exactly the danger that those who believe Snowden’s actions were hugely irresponsible – and potentially fatal – warned of. ‘This interview seemed to show how little Snowden had thought about the potentially deadly consequences. Snowden stole a huge amount of sensitive documents and as a result terrorists and other serious criminals have adapted their methods accordingly.’ Snowden handed an estimated 200,000 of the 1.7million stolen classified documents to journalists. In June 2013, he told the Guardian: ‘I carefully evaluated every single document I disclosed to ensure that each was legitimately in the public interest.’ This is a transcript of Snowden’s interview: . John Oliver: How many of those documents have you actually read? Edward Snowden: I’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive. Oliver: You’ve read every single one? Snowden: I do understand what I turned over. 'These things happen': Edward Snowden, above, during his television interview . Oliver: There’s a difference between understanding what’s in the documents and reading what’s in the documents. Snowden: I recognize the concern. Oliver (cuts in sarcastically): Right, because when you’re handing over thousands of NSA documents, the last thing you want to do is read them. (laughter) Snowden: I think it’s fair to be concerned – did this person do enough, were they careful enough? Oliver (cuts in): Especially when you’re handling material like we know you’re handling. Snowden: In my defence I’m not handling anything any more. That’s been passed to the journalists and they’re using extraordinary security measures to make sure this is being reported in the most responsible way. Asking the Questions: John Oliver . Oliver: But those are journalists with a lower technical skill set than you. Snowden: That’s true but they do understand like you and I do just how important it is to get this right. Oliver: The New York Times took a slide, it didn’t redact it properly and in the end it was possible to see that something was being used in Mosul on Al Qaeda. Snowden: That is a problem. Oliver: Well, that’s a ****-up. Snowden: It is a ****-up and these things do happen in reporting. In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made. This is a fundamental concept of liberty. Oliver: Right, but you have to own that then. You’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there. Snowden: Yes, if people act in bad faith. Oliver (cuts in): We’re not even talking about bad faith, we’re talking about incompetence. Snowden: We are, but you will never be completely free from risk if you’re free. The only time you can be free from risk is when you’re in prison. He added: ‘There are all sorts of documents that would have made a big impact that I didn’t turn over, because harming people isn’t my goal.’ A report by the Henry Jackson Society last month revealed terror suspects were using human couriers instead of email and phones following the leaks by Snowden. Daily operations of British spies have been damaged, with Islamic State seizing on the information – making it harder to track down its operatives. Al Qaeda militants are known to have changed communication methods to avoid detection, and have produced a video advising fellow extremists on the matter. GCHQ has lost track of some of Britain’s most dangerous criminals because of the way Snowden exposed its operations. Officials had to stop monitoring drug gangs, paedophiles, human traffickers and money launderers. The agency has also been forced to tone down or abandon surveillance amid fears the tactics are too easy to spot and could force criminals to fall off the radar. Mrs May told the Commons home affairs committee that the leaks ‘did cause damage’, adding: ‘It has had an impact on the ability of our agencies to do the work they need to do.’ Snowden, who was a computer specialist at an intelligence centre in Hawaii, tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he could copy files in one of the biggest leaks in US history. He claims he had to act because the US government’s policies were a ‘threat to democracy’. He fled to Hong Kong, then Russia, where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location. A Guardian spokesman said the newspaper had ‘nothing to add’ in response to Snowden saying he had ‘evaluated’ the documents and whether this had put people at risk. How the Guardian changed headline to protect its favourite 'whistleblower' The Left-wing Guardian newspaper climbed into bed with Edward Snowden when he leaked the top-secret intelligence documents, publishing a string of damaging stories. And yesterday it was still giving the so-called whistleblower an easy ride when reporting on his clash with TV host John Oliver on his US show Last Week Tonight. The initial story on the Guardian website focused on the sensational revelation that Snowden had apparently not read all the documents. The headline stated: ‘Edward Snowden tells John Oliver he did not read all leaked NSA material.’ It added: ‘The whistleblower admits his actions carried dangers.’ But within hours it had toned down the headline so it focused less on his irresponsibility and incompetence. It was changed to: ‘John Oliver presses Edward Snowden on whether he read all leaked NSA material.’ The sub-heading was amended, to the softer: ‘HBO host posts uncomfortable questions to NSA whistleblower in interview in Moscow.’ A Guardian spokesman said the headline was changed because ‘an earlier version stated that Edward Snowden admitted he had not read all the NSA documents he leaked. In fact he did not answer that question’. The first Guardian website story                                         ..........and the later toned down version .^British comedian travelled to Moscow to interview the whistleblower . Questions why the former CIA systems administrator leaked the files . Gets him to explain the security threat in the context of nude pictures . Describes Snowden as America's most famous 'hero and/or traitor' Snowden, at moments, is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)We came on a commercial flight to Kathmandu. Blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong. We had to circle the airport for a couple of hours. There were a couple of issues. There was an aftershock this afternoon, so they were checking the runway for damage. Military and aid flights have priority, and a few military planes -- Indian military planes -- were going in, trying to bring in aid. Whether they did is unclear. When we landed at the airport, it was wet and cold. A couple of thousand people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out. But there's no way to get out, really. There were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours, and with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago, no one wants to go inside. The residents of Kathmandu sure don't. You can see some structural damage to buildings. Most buildings are not up to high construction standards. Fallen: Nepal's historic landmarks . Driving through the city, there's not a huge amount of visible damage. There's some damage to houses and buildings, but it's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake (of 2010). We were able to drive the main road to the hotel we're staying at, but they're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks. The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn. People are squeezed in. There are probably about 100 people in there. The tents are covered, but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water, especially around the edges of the tent. So people are outside in the rain with no shelter. It's visually stark, with people in the streets. It's colder than usual this time of year. I'm cold and damp. When it's almost May, it's usually much hotter. There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water. For the residents, it's really bad. Very soon, they will need shelter. Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government. It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned. People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings. Those who survived -- and those who didn't . There are issues with fuel in the city, and driving in, all the stores were shuttered. You occasionally see a cart with food or a few bottles of drinking water, but for the most part, nothing is being sold in the city. I don't think they're very concerned about looting, and there's no military in the streets, but they will have to get water and food in the city soon. Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking. Not by the government -- people set them up on their own. People are beside themselves in shock. Their biggest concern now is the structures, needing a place for shelter, to hide from the elements and sleep. Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days. Kathmandu isn't the epicenter though. No one's sure what it's like at the epicenter. People haven't been able to get to outlying areas. We haven't been able to corroborate this, but the people we're talking to here say there's damage to the villages outside Kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged to the north, closer to the epicenter. CNN's Ingrid Formanek reported from Kathmandu and Mark Morgenstein wrote in Atlanta.^The earthquake that struck Nepal has left thousands of Nepalis without shelter . Torrential rains making situation worse; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon . It's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. No wonder her male rivals are terrified. While in 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity, topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes – today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks. Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon (left in 2001; right in 2015) is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office . In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity, topped and tailed with a Krankies (above) haircut and orthopaedic shoes . Her outfit made the male leaders’ dark suits seem as old as their arguments. She also eclipsed Plaid Cymru’s Leanne Wood (too feminine) and the Greens’ Natalie Bennett (too hemp). THE HAIR . 2001: I really don’t trust a woman who says she doesn’t have time to go to the hair salon, apply make-up, or steam the creases from her trousers... Now: Gone is the fright wig, and in its place is a chic, choppy, youthful but not frivolous, golden halo of Princess Diana-like loveliness – a ray of sunshine that says this woman means business. She has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks . THE ACCESSORIES . 2001: No one except the Queen looks good with a brooch, seen here as a last-minute addition to stop its wearer appearing too bland. Now: Simple stud earrings and an under-stated watch avoid too much frivolity. I’d like her to carry a bag though. THE DIET . 2001: I can hear female voters muttering, ‘She didn’t have time to get her hair done, but she certainly found time to eat!’ Sturgeon appears slow-moving and complacent. Now: I can hardly believe this is the same woman: she appears confident, fit, and full of dynamic energy. Here, Sturgeon is all womanly curves and upright posture. THE OUTFIT . 2001: This grey, rather Maoist trouser suit by Debenhams looks like an outsize school uniform. Shapeless, boxy and designed to shroud rather than flatter, it is the ultimate wallflower’s wardrobe choice, not a style statement for a parliamentary candidate who wants to be noticed. Now: The Queen knows a bright colour means she can be spotted easily, and I love this spring green (new leader, new shoots!) outfit by British label Hobbs: a silk and cotton blend jacket, £189, and a print dress, £149. The length is spot-on, while bracelet sleeves stop a jacket becoming too masculine. THE SHOES . 2001: These are the sort of shoes M&S does so well: navy, square and comfortable. We don’t want our politicians to be comfy, we want them to suffer! Sturgeon resembles a double-glazing salesperson at the annual works do. Now: While somewhat passé in fashion circles, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge, the flesh-nude LK Bennett court shoe is nevertheless an eternally flattering choice that elongates the leg and emphasises a slender ankle.^Sturgeon has shed pounds, bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits . Made the male leaders' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
A sign of Raheem Sterling’s tender years can be seen inked into his forearm. The image of Wembley, which overlooked his estate growing up, is clear amid a cluster of tattoos. Rather than those two famous towers, synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years, it is the arc, unveiled in 2007, that is unmistakable. Back then, Sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football, playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks. Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future . The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night . Sterling impressed as part of England's front three but he has been used at wing back by Liverpool . Sterling pictured in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood headquarters . Sterling and Daniel Sturridge share a joke in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood base . The forward trains with his team-mates as they prepare to take on Arsenal on Saturday . He is still just 20, but much has changed. Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from Liverpool, confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club. ‘I don't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old,’ says the player aware of his value as much as his age and how those two factors are linked. He knows, with two years left on his £35,000-per-week deal, he holds the cards in discussions with one of the biggest clubs in English and European football. It has been quite a remarkable rise for Sterling since his days looking up at Wembley with hope in his heart and a ball under his arm; rapidly progressing along the ground and through the ranks. Sterling arrives at Liverpool's Melwood training ground on Thursday morning . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hands out some instructions during Thursday's training session . The Liverpool manager prepares his team to take on Arsenal on Saturday at the Emirates Stadium . Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Neil Ashton broke the Sterling contract story on Monday - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL ARTICLE . He was born in Maverley, Kingston, a tough Jamaican community where gun crime is rife and drug gangs rule, before moving across the Atlantic aged five to join his mother Nadine in north London along with three siblings. Living on the St Raphael’s estate meant the sounds of gunshots were never far away. Police labelled the adjoining Stonebridge estate a warzone in 2005. Rival gangs engaged in tit-for-tat shootings. ‘They were all dealing in crack cocaine and it was a fight for territory,’ said Detective Inspector Stephen Horsley in 2009. Sterling had his football and his mother, a source of inspiration and guidance. But he failed to settle in a mainstream primary school because of behavioural problems, finding escape at the Vernon House Special School, which he attended for three years. A decade ago he began to take his sport seriously. The English youngster spent seven years at Queens Park Rangers before moving to Liverpool in 2010 . He joined QPR's Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s . He joined Queens Park Rangers’ Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s. Mark Anderson and Frank McParland, Liverpool’s youth scout and academy director respectively, spotted Sterling star in these games and began their pursuit. At this time Sterling was taken under the wing of Tom Walley, a veteran youth coach who has worked with Ashley Cole and David James. Sterling’s pay has rocketed since he left QPR, where he would have been earning around £400 per week. After his move north, his first pro contract at Liverpool was worth £2,000 per week and his current deal earns him £35,000 per week as previously mentioned. Michael Calvin details in his book, The Nowhere Men, how Sterling would take part in pick-up games organised by Walley on a pitch in the back garden of the home of Tim Sherwood, then Tottenham’s technical co-ordinator. NEIL ASHTON: Just after 6pm most weekdays, Christian Nanetti counts his tips and rushes out the door of the new Soho eaterie Estado. Nanetti is a waiter now, blending into the London crowds as he heads for the Tube station to make his way out to Ashford, Kent, to train with his new club Dover Athletic. Four years ago Nanetti was an internet sensation, beating Raheem Sterling in Soccer AM’s iconic Skill Skool challenge in their battle over three rounds at QPR’s Harlington training centre. CLICK HERE to read on... A young Sterling poses for the camera during Soccer AM's Skill Skool in 2010 . Sterling's former team-mate Chris Nanetti (left) is now a waiter and plays for Dover Athletic . Sterling (right) performs some tricks as his academy pals and Nanetti (left) look on . Calvin writes that Spurs turned down the chance to sign Sterling for £200,000 because academy coaches were in disagreement over his long-term potential. Fulham were assured of his talent and had Sterling in their building before Liverpool swooped to take him to Merseyside aged 15 for £500,000. Shortly before travelling north, Sterling took part in Soccer Am’s Skill School challenge, facing another promising youngster Christain Nanetti. He is most recently of Dover Athletic, a tale of just how tough it is to make the kind of ascent Sterling has managed. He is close to completing his third full season as a Liverpool first-teamer having become the club’s second-youngest debutant aged 17 years and 107 days. Sterling has made 120 appearances for Liverpool since his debut in a 2-1 defeat by Wigan in 2012 . Sterling signs his £35,000-per-week contract with Ian Ayre (left) and Brendan Rodgers in 2012 . Rodgers points in the direction of Sterling during following a pre-season training session in 2012 . Both youthful and experienced, Sterling won the first of 14 England caps in November 2012. That call-up came three months after Brendan Rodgers admonished his player for uttering the word ‘steady’ during a pre-season training debrief. ‘You say steady to me again when I say something to you, you’ll be on the first plane back,’ said a pointing Rodgers in remarkably candid footage captured for Fox documentary Being: Liverpool. Sterling found himself in trouble with the law in August 2013, arrested on suspicion of assaulting girlfriend Shana Halliday. The Reds boss was angered by a comment from Sterling which the young forward denied . Rodgers warned the young players they must improve their attitudes during the exchange with Sterling . Sterling in action for the England Under 21s during an international friendly against Scotland in August, 2013 . Sterling maintained his innocence and the following month the case collapsed at Liverpool Magistrates' Court. A previous charge of common assault was dropped in May when a witness failed to show. Another of Sterling’s tattoos is the face and name of his daughter, Melody Rose, born in 2012 following a brief relationship. There were rumours Sterling had fathered more children by different mothers. This time last year he referred to those suggestions as ‘silly’, confirming he only has one child. The youngster embraces Rodgers after scoring for Liverpool in a 3-2 victory against Norwich in 2014 . The 20-year-old flew to Jamaica in January after being giving a mid-season break by Liverpool . This latest interview with the BBC was another attempt to set records straight. It did that, but perhaps not in the manner intended. No lines were drawn under his current contract talks, those stories will rumble on. Rather, his words illustrated a player fully comprehending his situation at Liverpool and in the market place. It has been a quick climb. Rodgers must convince Sterling to sign a deal that could be one of the biggest in club's history . Sterling scored a brilliant solo goal during Liverpool's 1-1 Capital One Cup semi-final draw with Chelsea . The Liverpool forward has now played 14 times for Roy Hodgson's England side .^Raheem Sterling turned down a £100,000-per-week offer from Liverpool . Sterling has two years left to run on his existing £35,000-a-week contract . The 20-year-old began his career at Queens Park Rangers in 2003 . He signed for Liverpool in 2010 after seven years with QPR . Sterling was born in Kingston, Jamaica before moving to England . Liverpool attacker wants to be known as 'a kid that loves to play football'
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. However, FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up. This happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team. England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane (circled) has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper's bottom-right corner . Bahrain players and staff celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in a 2006 World Cup qualifier on away goals . Have UEFA just triggered a landmark moment for football? Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment... and gave indirect free-kick instead. Read more HERE. Uzbekistan only managed a 1-1 draw in the replay and a 0-0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified. Current FIFA head of refereeing, Massimo Busacca, was in charge for the first-leg rematch and I was appointed to the second leg in Bahrain. It was surprising to receive four or five calls on the day of that game from FIFA stressing how important it was that the game passed without any errors in law which would provoke another appeal. Winding forward to the latest incident which was caused, incredibly, by an identical error by German referee, Marija Kurtes, in the 96th minute of England’s 2-1 'defeat' by Norway in their qualifying group. England thought they had scored an equaliser in the dying seconds of the game from the penalty spot but Kurtes had spotted encroachment by at least one England player and rightly disallowed the goal. Had the penalty been missed she would have been correct to award an indirect free kick but as it had been scored she should have ordered a retake. England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing a penalty . Kurtes has been sent home from the European Women's U19 qualifiers after her mistake . Now, UEFA has upheld England’s appeal and ordered that in an evolution of the FIFA decision in 2005, the game should be replayed from the moment the technical error occurred. This bizarre decision was perhaps influenced by the fact that both teams are still present in the host city, Belfast, and are available following their final qualifying matches. However, this sets a dangerous precedent. If the same error is made in the opening minutes of a late group match in next year’s European Championship finals in France, will that match be replayed and the schedule of the whole tournament be thrown into disarray? I almost caused just that at Germany 2006; my error, in not sending Josip Simunic off when showing him his second yellow card, could not be disputed and given FIFA’s decision in the qualifying stages of the same competition they would have struggled not to allow a rematch. The game was 2-2 at the time of the mistake and it stayed that way until the final whistle but had Croatia scored they would have ‘qualified’. I remember being told by the Australians that had Croatia scored a winning goal in the final three or four minutes they would have appealed and expected a rematch at the very least. Precedent set; now let’s wait for the next refereeing error. It will happen – and UEFA must just hope it doesn’t affect one of their premiere tournaments. Referee Graham Poll shows a yellow card to Croatia's Josip Simunic during a 2006 World Cup match . Poll sends Simunic off but only after he had failed to show a red card after a second booking .^UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's U19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed . Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing an England penalty for encroachment . FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier . But the entire match between Uzbekistan and Bahrain was replayed . UEFA must hope it doesn't affect one of their premiere tournaments .
A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub. The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye. The 28-year-old, who is on loan to Everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month. A teenage waitress claims England footballer Aaron Lennon (pictured playing for Everton) grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top . After taking part in Everton's 1-0 win at home against Southampton on April 4, Lennon is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends. Lennon, who has 21 England caps, lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre. That night, the venue, which is popular with Premier League footballers, was packed with hundreds who had come to see singer Trey Songz perform. But later in the evening, the waitress claimed to have been attacked by the player in the VIP section - where booths cost £2,000. She was interviewed by Greater Manchester Police four days later. A source told The Sun's Michael Hamilton and Dean Wilkins that the girl, who is 'very pretty', had worked at the club for just under a year. He added that the footballer and his friends were 'spending a lot of money on drinks'. Police are investigating the alleged incident at Suede nightclub (pictured) in Manchester which is popular with Premier League stars. On the night of April 4, singer Trey Songz (right) performed at the venue . 'She got really upset, left what she was doing and rushed to the toilet,' the source said. 'She came out about an hour later and was annoyed security had not done anything and kicked Lennon out. 'She says he grabbed her and ripped her top and then slapped her.' On April 15, the day before Lennon's 28th birthday, he was interviewed by police officers on suspicion of assault. Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing. A Greater Manchester Police spokesman told MailOnline: 'On Wednesday 8 April 2015, police were called following reports an 18-year old woman had been assaulted at Suede night club, Longworth Street, Manchester city centre on Sunday 5 April 2015. 'A man has been interviewed under caution. No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.' MailOnline has contacted Mr Lennon's agent and club for comment.^Lennon reportedly partied at Suede nightclub in Manchester on April 4 . Venue packed with hundreds who had come to see Trey Songz perform . Alleged victim says £55,000-a-week star left her with bruise below her eye . Tottenham winger, on loan to Everton, interviewed on suspicion of assault . Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
A New York City skin clinic's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring. With these claims, the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like 'a Dickens novel', and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client. But that hasn't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location. Scroll down for video . Risky regimen: To get Skin Laundry's popular laser facial, clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner . 'Although rare, potential risks include blistering, crusting, itching, pain, bruising, skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation, burns, infection, scabbing, scarring and swelling,' reads the waiver clients sign on an iPad before beginning their treatments. Then, of course, there are the more fatal risks. Clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes', as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated. Yet despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred. In fact, the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings - and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies for the staff to thank them for doing such a good job. 'You can say I’m hooked,' Josh Hatfield, 27, told the Post, adding that he's been to the clinic about 20 times so far. At $100 a pop, that's some pretty pricey skin 'maintenance', as Mr. Hatfield calls it. For regulars like him, however, Skin Laundry offers bulk-buy packages that are sold at a discount; Mr. Hatfield has a $360-per-month membership that grants him eight treatments. Booming business: The New York location is the sixth for Skin Laundry, which also has clinics in California and Arizona . 'We're the future of facials,' said founder Yen Reis, 36, who gets the treatment two or three times a week herself. This particular facial is a two-step process, which the clinic says provides a deep clean for skin. Clients don protective goggles as a nurse runs a laser over their faces twice. Gel is slathered on the skin, followed by a pulsed light also applied by the nurse. In addition to the slightly troubling legal documents each client is required to sign, the treatment itself is not completely free from unpleasant side effects – including an unpleasant smell which a number of clients noted during their first treatment. 'The laser's cleaning your face. It's deep cleansing,' a nurse explains to blogger Carla Mickelborg in a video Carla took during her treatment. 'So that's what your're smelling.' Clients may not feel the need to worry about suspicious smells and potential health risks however because, despite the necessity of the waiver, there have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far. There have, though, been several claims that the treatment works, and word of mouth has proven a powerful promoter of its benefits. Skin spa: Clients of Skin Laundry's facial lay down while a nurse uses a laser and pulsing light on their skin . Her own biggest fan: Founder Yen Reis, pictured, says she gets her company's signature skin treatment two to three times a week . 'If I hadn’t had [my friend’s] testimonial beforehand, I may have backed out [when I saw the waiver],' said beauty blogger Amber Katz. Jacqueline Caterina, 33, added that she has seen an improvement to her acne scars since starting to regularly visit Skin Therapy: 'After a couple of weeks I was like, "Wow!"' However,  NYC-based plastic surgeon Dr. Norman Rowe told the Post that he questions the effectiveness of the treatments, noting that they aren't very powerful if clients need to go so frequently. Still, Skin Therapy does have a number of regular customers, allowing the company to expand to a total of six locations, with four in California and one in Scottsdale, Arizona.^Skin Laundry, a trendy new skin clinic in Manhattan, offers a ten-minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin . Clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director, a coroner and to donate their organs .
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers. Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond. They bounced back from Thursday's defeat by Queen of the South, with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double. Nicky Clark celebrates after putting Rangers 1-0 up against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Clark in the air as he heads the ball towards goal to give the hosts the lead at Ibrox . Rangers manager Stuart McCall applauds the home fans after the full-time whistle . The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points, albeit the Leith side have the better goal difference. Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week. So it was no real surprise to see him make three changes for the visit of Raith. Goalkeeper Cammy Bell was back between the sticks and Dean Shiels and Robbie Crawford were also added to the side. The Light Blues enjoyed the best possible start to the game when they surged into the lead after just six minutes. Clark found himself in plenty of space to connect with Law's corner and bullet a header home from 10 yards. Law then carved out a chance of his own but his shot from just inside the box was weak and easily held by Kevin Cuthbert. But the goalkeeper had no chance when Gers claimed their second of the day after 27 minutes. Vuckic cut inside from the right before unleashing a powerful drive into the bottom corner to claim his seventh Rangers goal. Haris Vuckic (left) fires the ball home to put Rangers 2-0 ahead against Raith Rovers . Vuckic (left) celebrates his Ibrox goal with team-mate Kenny Miller . Nicky Law slots it home to get the first of his two goals for Rangers on Sunday afternoon . Law (right) wheels away as he celebrates his goal for the home side . Raith could have pulled a goal back moments later but a well-struck free-kick from Ryan Conroy on the edge of the box was blocked by Bell. The visitors fired out another warning to Rangers shortly after the restart. Lewis Vaughan tried his luck with a snap-shot that fell inches past the upright as Raith tried to haul themselves back into the game. At the other end, the hosts passed up a decent chance to all but secure the three points. Vuckic released Crawford and he tried to tee up the shot for Law but he failed to connect in front of goal and the chance was lost. However Law was celebrating when he added his name to the scoresheet after 72 minutes, putting the game beyond Raith. Law's first attempt crashed off the crossbar but the ball fell kindly to his feet and he had the net bulging with the rebound from eight yards. Tom Walsh then saw a terrific volley saved well by the goalkeeper, before Law completed his double when he curled home from the edge of the box with two minutes to go. Law (left) strikes the ball towards goal as he scores Rangers' fourth goal of the afternoon . Law (left) is congratulated by his Rangers team-mates on his Sunday afternoon double . Former Rangers striker Michael Mols was among those in the directors' box at Ibrox on Sunday .^Nicky Law scored two goals as Rangers comfortably beat Raith Rovers . Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark also got on the scoresheet at Ibrox . Rangers had suffered defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday . But Stuart McCall's side recovered to keep up the pressure on Hibernian .
Mister Money is now putting his money where his mouth is. Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills. Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000. Floyd Mayweather (left) vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on Monday as part of his preparation for the big fight . Floyd Mayweather works in his gym as the fight with Pacquiao draws closer . As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark, so does the value of Manny Pacquiao’s target. If the PacMan does land the knockout blow, then given the expensive protection at least the Money Man should wake up smiling. Mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle, according to his favourite website TMZ. This is a Mercedes ‘Land Yacht’ people carrier to which he has added such extras as a 55-inch television and a champagne bar, to turn it into what he calls his ‘Party Bus.’ And so it turns out that all the time Andre Ward was talking about coming to England for a rematch with Carl Froch he was setting up yet another easy night out in his own backyard. Only a couple of days after the self-called Son of God declared he would be prepared to cross the Atlantic to face the Cobra, Ward revealed that his overdue ring comeback will be taking place in his California hometown on June 20. The opponent? Most likely a certain Marco Antonio Periban, who turned up in questionable condition to face James DeGale and was promptly knocked out in that final eliminator for Andre Dirrell’s IBF super-middleweight title. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 . So much for wanting to do it a second time with Froch to unify the WBA’s two world championship belts. That fight had been ordered by the WBA and Froch’s promoter Eddie Hearn did his best to come to terms before the March 31 deadline . Now Ward’s announcement has made it yet more likely that Froch might retire. Ward had claimed a readiness to overcome his phobia – either fear of flying or of fighting abroad. He wouldn’t go as far as Froch’s home city of Nottingham but he did express a willingness to travel to London for a showdown at either Wembley or the 02. His argument was that his US victory over Froch in the final of the Super Six super-middleweight tournament took place in Atlantic City, not Oakland. So London would be fairer than Nottingham. Still, Froch doubted he was serious and was apparently right to do so. It is back to home sweet home for Ward, at the Oracle Arena across the bay from San Francisco. If not exactly the offspring of the Almighty, Ward is a favourite son of American boxing. So the WBA appear compliant, with no sign yet of him being stripped of his belt. Foch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . Ward remains atop the ratings as their ‘super’ champion, with Froch still the ‘regular’ world titlist. Maybe the WBA are giving him license to shake off the ring rust after being out of the ring since his points win over another undistinguished foe, Edwin Rodriguez, way back in November 2013. Yet Ward’s inactivity has long since become more a result of self-inflicted promotional disputes than his original injury. Now he is the first major signing by the new kids on that block, the music industry-backed Roc Nation, who are trying to confirm not only the opponent for June 20 but a TV deal. That the television rights have not been snapped up instantly by either of the major networks HBO or Showtime speaks to Ward’s sluggish box office appeal despite the high professional regard for his skills. The closest he has come to properly fighting abroad has been a couple of low-key outings to the Caribbean. That he so much as contemplated travelling several thousand miles to face Froch indicates a realisation that he could make a lot more money in England. Still, that temptation is not enough. Not yet, anyway. He carries on talking about the Cobra later. But as it stands one of Froch’s dreams for his farewell appearance – boxing at the City Ground home of Nottingham Forest – has been dashed. The other ambition – a fight in Las Vegas – hangs on Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr coming through an interim bout and agreeing to meet him there in September. But Froch says: ‘Unless I get a fight that excites me soon I may well hang up the gloves.’ Ward, meanwhile, talks about meeting the challenge of middleweight KO sensation Gennady Golovkin ‘soon'. Floyd Mayweather says: ‘For me, Andre beats him every day of the week.' The questions, Andre, are which day? And where? The IBF still insist that Amir Khan, who has yet to confirm Chris Algieri or anyone else as his May 30 opponent, turned down a fight with Tim Bradley as a final eliminator for Kell Brook’s world welterweight title. One question for the IBF: . Why would Khan bother with an eliminator when Brook is gagging to meet him in a Battle of Britain? Amir Khan's proposed fight with Chris Algieri is yet to be confirmed .^Floyd Mayweather will have $25,000 mouthguard for Manny Pacquiao bout . The mouthguard to contain diamonds, gold and $100 dollar bills . He also spent $300,000 on Mercedes 'Land Yacht' people carrier . Carl Foch unlikely to meet Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
Angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes . Four years ago, a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly, 67. Though still a super-fit events organiser, the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail's pace, hanging onto her trolley for support. It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident. In fact, she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels. Her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high on a daily basis. Most women are well aware that wearing high heels for any length of time can result in sore feet, pinched toes and tight calf muscles. But a worrying new study by researchers in the U.S. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints, wearing away cartilage - the body's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis. Some women need invasive knee replacement surgery. In the study carried out by Stanford University's biomotion team, the knees of healthy women were scanned as they walked at normal pace in flat shoes, 1½ in heels and 3½ in heels. They found that in high heels, women's knees are held in such an awkward, bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints - increasing the risk of osteoarthritis. Physiotherapist and osteopath Tim Allardyce isn't surprised: patients with postural problems caused or exacerbated by heels are common at his Croydon clinic. 'Because of the odd angle at which the feet are held in high-heeled shoes, it increases the downward pressure on the knees by 25 per cent, placing significant stress on the kneecaps, even when you're standing still,' he says. At 5ft 3in, Angela had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels. 'I wore vertiginous stilettos and towering platforms every day of my teens and 20s,' she says. 'And after that, a 3 in heel or more, whenever I wanted to look smart.' Even the first twinge of arthritis, which began in her right knee in her early 30s, couldn't persuade her to kick her heel habit - instead, she gritted her teeth and controlled the pain with anti- inflammatories, until it suddenly worsened four years ago. She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to have a titanium knee replacement . 'I was struggling to get out of bed or in and out of the car,' she says. 'I sometimes had to use crutches to get about and would have to lean heavily on a trolley to get around the supermarket. 'All my lovely high-heeled shoes had to be banished and I started living in trainers. 'My husband Rob and my friends were all very sweet, telling me I looked great in my frumpy, flat shoes and encouraging me to get my knee sorted out - but I felt really down about it. 'If I walked any distance or tried to play badminton, my knee would swell horribly and I'd have to apply ice packs to control the pain. 'Tests showed that I had almost no cartilage left in my knee and it became obvious that I needed to have a titanium knee replacement, which involved major surgery and a lengthy recovery period.' Luckily, Angela's knee surgery at the Royal Bolton Hospital in 2011 was a success. After following the advice of her doctor and physiotherapist to swear off heels altogether, to avoid damaging her new, artificial knee, she is fitter than ever. She has lost 1½ st, is playing badminton several times a week and goes to the gym regularly. 'I miss my heels and envy friends who can still wear them,' she says. The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year . The knee op wasn't her only surgery. 'I had to have a bunion surgically removed from my left foot last year, too, which was caused - or certainly worsened - by years of wearing tight, pointy stilettos. 'I probably would have paid more attention to the fit of my shoes, rather than how fashionable they looked, if I'd known they would force me to go under the knife twice.' Vanity is the obvious reason why Angela is far from the only woman willing to suffer for fashion - there's no question that legs look longer and more elegant in beautiful heels. In a recent survey of 1,200 women, 93 per cent said they felt sexier and more feminine when they wore heels, 88 per cent said they considered themselves more stylish and 77 per cent said their heels made them feel slimmer. With statistics like those, it's no surprise that many women seem to take a dangerously 'no pain, no gain' approach to their footwear, however dire the warnings. Retired teacher Susan Owens, 61, has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels since she was a teenager. 'My husband and I go on a lot of cruises, and recently took up ballroom dancing, which call for lots of dressing up and wearing high-heels for hours on end,' she says. But unbearable knee pain that began in 2010, when she was 55, threatened to curtail her leisure activities altogether. Susan Owens has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels . 'At first, I just put the pain down to ageing and tried to soldier on, but as time went on, over-the-counter painkillers stopped working and the niggling, arthritic pains were keeping me awake at night,' she says. 'Six months after they started, I went to see my doctor and was given steroid injections in my knee. They really helped in the short term, but I still found I couldn't wear heels when we went out or on holiday - it was just too painful. 'I was still teaching young children at the time, but I struggled to kneel down beside them in the classroom. I couldn't drive and as I stopped being so active, I started to pile on weight and suddenly felt old, despondent and frumpy.' Susan had to undergo arthroscopies - keyhole surgery to remove damaged cartilage - on both knees before a right knee replacement by orthopaedic surgeon Shivanand Geeranavar at BMI Edgbaston Hospital improved things. 'Within six weeks of having my knee replaced I was driving again and went on holiday to Italy. 'Within nine weeks, I could ride my bike and go back to ballroom dancing. I still wear heels occasionally - mainly when I'm dancing - but the heels are lower than they used to be.' Of course, arthritis and bunions are not the only problems that can be caused by high heels - squeezing feet into too-tight points can lead to misshapen hammer toes, and regular wearers of 3 in heels may suffer from tendonitis, where the Achilles tendon shrinks and tightens painfully. Tim Allardyce says wearing high heels regularly can also be at the root of a raft of excruciatingly painful back, hip and even neck problems. 'Standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual, healthy alignment, which means muscles and joints throughout the body have to compensate to maintain its centre of gravity and keep the body upright,' he says. Despite being otherwise fit and healthy, former BBC television sports presenter Sally Jones, 60, blames her fondness for heels for the excruciatingly painful lower back problems that plagued her 40s and 50s. At times, the pain was so bad she was unable to drive and was forced to use a stick. 'High heels have always been considered part of a female TV presenter's uniform,' she says. 'Not that I complained - high shoes have always be my preferred choice of footwear when I've got to look smart. The shame is that I can't really wear them any more.' Though her back problems had been triggered by squash and tennis injuries in her 30s, Sally was advised by an orthopaedic consultant and osteopath that her penchant for heels was exacerbating her problems. 'I was told to stick to flats or shoes with a very low heel and to spend as much time barefoot as possible to help correct my posture, which had been thrown out of alignment by wearing heels day in and day out,' she says. Standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual, healthy alignment . 'I was also given exercises to follow to strengthen my abdominals and back muscles, and help correct the poor postural habits I had developed, which were putting strain on my lower back. 'For the past 15 years, I've had to stick to flat footwear and keep up the exercises to keep my back pain at bay. 'I still take heels with me to slip on for TV appearances, but the twinges in my back start if I have to stand in them for more than an hour.' For high-heel lovers not yet suffering painful problems, podiatrist Michael Ratcliffe advises picking shoes carefully. 'If you are after height, wear a comfy platform or a shoe with a heavy block heel -which will give you support - rather than a flimsy stiletto with a thin sole,' he says. And Tim Allardyce says: 'Take a break. If you're wearing a pair of heels over 2 in high, limit the time spent wearing them to two hours maximum. 'After two hours, sit down, take the heels off and walk around barefoot if possible for 30 minutes to allow time for your feet and knees to recover.' Interestingly, consultant knee surgeon Marcus Green, at the BMI Priory Hospital in Birmingham, has even more hope for those who can't bear to part with their favourite footwear - he is not convinced the link between high heels and arthritis in the knees has been proved. 'There's no doubt that high heels change the forces on the knee joint, but none of the long-term studies I've seen suggest they go on to cause serious knee problems,' he says. 'Yes, there is a definite link to issues such as Angela's bunions and Sally's postural problems. 'But when it comes to knees, keeping your weight down and exercising regularly to keep the supportive muscles around the knees fit and strong are, in my opinion, by far the most important steps you can take to prevent or slow down arthritis in the knees.'^Angela Kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels . She had arthritis in her early 30s but wouldn't kick her heel habit . Four years ago, at 63, she had have a titanium knee replacement .
Charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event, missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point. Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route. Scroll down for video . Blunder: Charity runners taking part in yesterday's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run (pictured) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . The bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run and today the organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill.' A local authority spokesman said that it was investigating what happened to the marshal who should have directed runners at a turning point. It was reported that some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as 'shambolic'. Hayley James, who is four months pregnant and from Poole, said: 'To have a race of that scale with only one marshal on a point is inexcusable. 'We saw loads of people walking at the end, some were in tears, I felt so sorry for them - I felt like crying at the 10km mark.' Andy Isaac, from Bournemouth, said the event was 'mayhem' with one point where an elderly woman managed to drive onto the route and was flashing her lights at oncoming runners. A map shows where up to 300 runners continued along the coastal path after a marshal who was meant to direct them on to a turn went to the toilet . Reaction: Two people vent their frustration at the Bournemouth Bay Run on Twitter yesterday . It also emerged that water stations ran out of supplies during the race, forcing some runners to drink from half-empty bottles that had been left on the ground as they battled against dehydration. Commenting on the Daily Echo website, one runner said: “We had a bottle of water at the three mile station, but at the six mile point they had totally ran out, so nothing. Jon Weaver, head of resort marketing and events at the council, said: 'Unfortunately there was some confusion with marshalling arrangements at one point, but it was a critical point. We apologise unreservedly to those front runners. 'In 33 years of running... this is the first time this has happened and as part of our debrief we will be analysing the arrangements carefully... to learn for 2016. 'We understand runners have trained for a long time for the event and it's hard for them and we do empathise with how they are feeling.' It was hoped that the event would have raised more than £70,000 for the British Heart Foundation. Some racers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the blunder. Rob Kelly wrote: Really disappointed in the #BournemouthBayRun 10k that ended up 13k very poor show bad marshalling #wontbeback.' AndKim Kelly replied: 'Totally agree and never got to do a 5k as they were 45mins behind schedule :(((.'^Up to 300 runners in yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run sent wrong way . Some of the racers were said to be 'in tears' after the two-mile detour . Organisation slammed as 'shambolic' as there was also water shortage .
Whether it’s a larger-than-life skyline in one of the world’s greatest cities or an endless vista of snow-topped mountains, people are willing to travel across the globe to take in a stunning view. While they provide plenty of memories and keepsake photos, these lofty perches require a head for heights as some of them are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy. Here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views. Scroll down for video . Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system . Located in the heart of downtown Toronto, the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada's largest city and Lake Ontario . CN Tower, Toronto . Toronto’s CN Tower is one of Canada’s most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years. At 1,815ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers. It welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year, including the brave souls who dare to walk on its glass floor or around the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail - making it the world's highest full circle. Known by its formal name of Preikestolen, this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft . To access the square formation of rock, which has breathtaking views of a fjord, visitors must hike more than two miles . Pulpit Rock, Forsand, Norway . Known by its formal name of Preikestolen, this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft. Visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site, which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers. It should come as no surprise that the square formation of rock is one of Norway’s top tourist draws, with more than 200,000 visitors every year. Visitors to the Grand Canyon were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge until the Skywalk opened . The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe . Grand Canyon Skywalk, Arizona . For centuries visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge. That all changed in 2007 when the Grand Canyon Skywalk opened on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe. The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge is nearly 4,000ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon. Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city's Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar (Sugarloaf Mountain) The mountain, located in Tijuca Forest, is best known for Christ the Redeemer, a giant statue of Jesus Christ . Corcovado, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil . This mountain in central Rio de Janeiro is best known for Christ the Redeemer, a giant statue of Jesus Christ that looms large over the famous coastal city. But those who have visited will never forget the sweeping views of Rio de Janeiro, including its Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar (Sugarloaf Mountain). To get to the top of the 2,329ft mountain, visitors can take a tram or bus and then make the short hike up some steps. Located in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its  name thanks to its hand-like shape . During the winter the observation platform offers endless panoramas of snow-topped mountains over a drop of 1,300ft . Five Fingers, Austria . Located in the Dachstein Mountains, this viewing platform received its unusual name thanks to its hand-like shape. Tour guides hail it as the ‘most spectacular viewing platform in the Alps’, with a drop of 1,300ft. To get there visitors have to walk about 20 minutes from the Krippenstein Station on the cable car line. Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night . The mountain, also known as the Peak, is the highest on Hong Kong Island, at 1,811ft, and is accessible by a tram system . Victoria Peak, Hong Kong . Any travel guide will say that a trip to the top of Victoria Peak, with its impressive panorama of the city, is a must while visiting Hong Kong. The mountain, also known as the Peak, is the highest on Hong Kong Island, at 1,811ft, and is accessible by a tram system that has been in use for more than 120 years. The cluster of skyscrapers are a jaw-dropping sight in daylight, and they provide a remarkable light show at night. Tour guides insist Knife-Edge Point offers the best views of Victoria Falls, which straddles the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe . Victoria Falls, one of the seven natural wonders of the world, sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge . Knife-Edge Point, Zambia . The best vantage point of Victoria Falls, one of the seven natural wonders of the world, is on Knife-Edge Bridge. The falls straddle the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe in southern Africa, and are the largest in the world based on width and height. This natural wonder sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge. New York City has one of the most iconic skylines in the world, with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols . The Empire State Building's 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York, offering thrilling views . Empire State Building, New York City . The Big Apple has one of the most iconic skylines in the world, with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols. Designed with Art Deco style the 102-storey skyscraper in midtown Manhattan stands at 1,454ft (with its antenna spire) and was once the tallest building in the world. The 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York, offering thrilling views of one of the most visited cities in the world. At 2,080ft, the Tokyo Skytree, in Sumida, has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012 . The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks, plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base . Tokyo Skytree, Tokyo, Japan . At 2,080ft, the Tokyo Skytree has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012. The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks, plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base. One of the decks spans three levels with 360-degree panoramic views of the Japanese city. Aiguille du Midi, a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps, has a viewing platform and bridge with endless views . To the south-east of Chamonix, the 12,605ft peak is home to a cafe and gift shop, and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year . Aiguille du Midi, Chamonix, France . Accessible by cable car, Aiguille du Midi, a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps, has a viewing platform and bridge where visitors can see for miles and miles. To the south-east of Chamonix, the 12,605ft peak is also home to a cafe and gift shop, and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year. It is the closest point to which thrill-seekers can get to the summit of Mont Blanc without having to hike or climb.^Holidaymakers are willing to travel  the world to take in stunning views from man-made or natural vantage points . Brave souls can hang over the edge of Toronto's CN Tower, which stands 1,815ft tall . Pulpit Rock in Forsand, Norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft .
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona. What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood for the Catalans, who take a 3-1 lead to the Nou Camp after the Uruguayan's deadly double. With his side already 1-0 down through the imposing combination of Lionel Messi and Neymar, the night went from bad to worse when Luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes. Luis Suarez torments a less-than-fit David Luiz on a night to forget at Parc des Princes for the Brazilian . Suarez celebrates as he scores a double in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday night . A handful for any defender in the world at the best of times, let alone one not fully fit after a hamstring problem and thrust into the Champions League cauldron, a rampant Suarez scored an impressive double at Luiz's expense. Unfortunately for Luiz, both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and, unsurprisingly, internet jokers had a field day. Standing tall or rooted to the ground? This web jokester likens Luiz to Paris's famous Eiffel Tower . This is just nuts! Luiz holds a superimposed jar of Nutella in front of a Parisian skyline in another meme . Luiz is spared in this one as the PSG badge takes centre stage . Familiar faces went head-to-head as ex-Chelsea defender Luiz met ex-Liverpool star Suarez - Keanu Reeves' Neo from the Matrix films had the words - in French no less - to say it all .^Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League . Injured David Luiz forced into the fray after Thiago Silva limped off . Luis Suarez nutmegged Luiz in lead up to both of his goals . The internet soon filled with memes at the Brazilian's expense .
Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers' top flight status. Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham. 'If you win three games you're probably going to stay up,' said Ramsey. 'As long as we're above the line come the end of May we'll be happy. I just care if we win. I just take care of our own game. If we don't get good results it doesn't matter what they do. Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the Premier League with three wins . Clint Hill reacts after QPR conceded a late goal against Chelsea to lose 1-0 at Loftus Road . Ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by Chelsea in their last game . 'We know the enormity of the task ahead but you can only plan and prepare as best you can and what happens happens. We understand there is pressure in these last few games. I can't say I don't feel pressure but it depends on how you deal with it.' He believes QPR's chances of achieving these victories from games against West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester will hinge on their an ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals, like the one which turned a draw into defeat on their last outing against Chelsea. 'It is down to a lack of continued concentration,' said Ramsey. 'The managers of other teams near the bottom would say the same. 'Not many teams are getting slaughtered but the quality at the top end is why they're there. We're not happy with late goals. We need to stop conceding those late goals. Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season . Ramsey (right) wants QPR to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the Premier League . 'We were quite frustrated at the end of the last game as we played well but didn't get a positive result. We had good form and momentum and we'd have liked to have played straight away. 'I didn't get over it quickly. We had a game-plan and we didn't do it until the end. It was more for the players who ran their legs off. When you're dealing with the players and coaches of the class of Chelsea you have to be on it and we weren't.'^Chris Ramsey wants three wins from QPR's final five league games . Ramsey believes nine points will secure their Premier League status . The QPR boss want his team to step up a level defensively .
It is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. Watch the video here . Look out! An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. Following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . 'On the morning of Friday, April 10, 2015, the chimpanzees of Royal Burgers' Zoo once again proved how intelligent they are,' a spokesman for the zoo said. The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo. Programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above. 'Today, for the second season of the national television program Burgers' Zoo Natuurlijk, film takes were planned with a drone, with which spectacular images of the animals and their habitats could be made from above.' The drone was able to fly around the zoo - before arriving at the chimp enclosure. 'Once the drone arrived at the chimpanzee quarters the intelligent primates immediately discovered the spying little plane and right away armed themselves with long sticks against this inquisitive electronic intruder,' the zaoo revealed. One of the chimpanzees was high up in a tree with a long branch. 'Apparently very calm and satisfied, half asleep in the morning sun, the primate let the drone make its curious images. 'Until..... the drone got just a bit too close. Once grounded, the chimp investigates its prey, taking a selfie in the process - before eventually wandering off. 'Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body. With a direct hit the animal knocked the drone to the ground, where the group of primates quickly overpowered the 'prey'. 'With much enjoyment they very efficiently dismantled the play thing. 'During the entire moment of action the camera kept rolling, so despite the completely destroyed drone this still provided some very special images!' The zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone.^Drone was filming at Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show . Chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch . On its second attempt, it knocked the drone out of the sky .
A Missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born. For the first time, Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home. When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family. Scroll down for video . Zella Jackson Price (pictured), 76,  was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, has been reunited with her mother after 49 years. Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents . Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house in Olivette, Missouri . 'I'm so elated. I'm just hugging her and there's such a big family. She didn't know she had so many people here in St. Louis,' she said. Price told Daily Mail Online that when she was still in the hospital ward, she was told by doctors her baby, which was prematurely born, had died. The details she was given were very vague, and she said she was told the baby's twin had died, too, even though she had only had a single-child birth. The hospital had a big maternity ward, she said, adding that she had seen women nursing the wrong babies while she was there. 'There's a lot of information they should have given me,' Price said. 'I still have a lot of questions.' Friends of Gilmore's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her. Her foster parents have since died, but Price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home. 'She ended up in a family of love. They cared for her so much,' Price said. Gilmore, who lost her hearing when she was three years old after a childhood illness, said meeting her biological mother - her father has passed away - is something she's wanted for a long time. Price and Gilmore exchanged many hugs and said they loved one another during their first in-person meeting . 'I'm just so happy... very excited,' she told KTVI. Gilmore's four children knew about their mother's wish and researched a name that Gilmore was given from her adoptive parents. They eventually came across Zella Price. Price received a text message from one of Gilmore's four children at 4am several weeks ago, something she 'will never forget'. 'She texted me a messaged asking if I was her grandmother. I said, "Why do you think that", and she started asking questions and asked if I had given birth on November 25 - which I had,' Price said. The mother and daughter eventually video chatted on Oovoo and the pair did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore's mother. And then they decided to meet in person. On the day she met her mother, Gilmore was also able to meet her biological brother Harvey, who picked her and her own daughter and son up at Lamber-St. Louis International Airport. The family had flown from Oregon. Gilmore also had a chance to meet her biological brother Harvey, who picked Gilmore and her children up from the airport . When the mother and daughter finally came face-to-face, they hugged for several moments and said they loved each other. 'There was a bond that automatically started when we saw each other,' Price said. She added that she has been hurt by the separation and is relieved to have a new start. '(God) has given me everything the devil has taken from me,' Price, an accomplished gospel singer, told KTVI. 'I'm getting it back. I'm getting my baby back.' Price said that Gilmore's kids told her they hadn't ever seen her as happy as she was when she arrived in St. Louis to meet her biological mother. 'She's been dancing and all of her comedy and laughter has come out,' Price said. 'We're all so happy.' The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born. Price has hired an attorney to help with the process. But for now, they celebrate being a family once again. 'There’s nothing greater. There’s nothing greater than this. Nothing,' Price said. Price (center) said that she's looking forward to having a second chance at forming a relationship with her daughter, who she thought had died nearly 50 years ago .^Zella Jackson Price of Olivette, Missiouri, gave birth to her baby 49 years ago . After she was told her baby had died, the baby, now named Melanie Gilmore, was adopted to another family for an unknown reason . Price, 76, and Gilmore, 49, confirmed they were related through a DNA test . They both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion . Soon they will begin an investigation into the hospital to see what happened .
It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill. Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city, and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. State health alert: New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday  that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8, 120 of them in one week . 'Synthetic drugs are anything but harmless, and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof,' Governor Cuomo said, according to The Hudson Valley News Network. 'We banned synthetic marijuana, bath salts and similar substances to avoid the disastrous results that occur – and as law enforcement and health officials continue to crack down on the use and sale of these drugs in New York, we are today issuing a health alert as a warning amidst this surge in hospitalizations.' Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness, according to the New York State Department of Health. 'Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging, but they are not made for human consumption,' New York Alcohol and Substance Abuse Service s Commissioner Arlene Gonzalez Sanchez told KOCO. 'They are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects on the brain.' But the same problem is occurring all over the U.S. Critically ill: This photo shows Jeff Stallings, who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother, Joey, after taking synthetic marijuana on APril 6 in his hometown of McComb, Mississippi . On life support: The siblings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug, a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. Above, Joey . Dangerous: The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri . Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise in Spcie usage and said there had been 98 overdoses in the previous month. Synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana. It is nicknamed Spice, Mojo, K2, Yucatan Fire, Solar Flare and Bliss, among other things. The drug is typically smoked by users. It does not give positive results in tests for cannabis. Because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary, it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking. They also cannot tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses. Unlike pot, Spice can cause a huge range of symptoms, many of which can be severe. These include tremors, paranoia, seizures, vomiting, hallucinations, chest pain, cardiac problems, kidney damage and brain damage. Meanwhile in Mississippi, there were 97 cases over eight days in April, according to CNN. Two of these Mississippi cases were Jeff and Joey Stallings, brothers who were hospitalized April 6 after smoking Spice. The siblings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill  after smoking the drug, which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. They were hospitalized within hours of each other, when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. They had to be put on life support. Fortunately both were able to fight for their lives and were allowed home on April 13. Jeff Stallings, however, has suffered permanent kidney damage. Last year, California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana. Connor, 19, fell asleep after taking the drug. His brain, deprived of oxygen, began to swell and he slipped into a coma. He was declared brain dead at Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach hours later. A deadly case: Last year, California teen Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana. Above, Connor is pictured brain dead, surrounded by his family, shortly before his organs were donated . 'He gave into (peer pressure) - thinking that it was okay, it was somehow safe - and one hit later, he goes to sleep and never wakes up,' Connor’s father, Devin Eckhardt told KTLA at the time. Doctors were unable to detect spice in Connor's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components. However, they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket. Connor's family donated his organs after his death, in accordance with the teenager's wishes. They later created a Facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana. 'Connor Eckhardt died after taking ONE HIT of synthetic marijuana (SPICE, K2, POTpourri). This dangerous substance is legal. Help us save lives by sharing,' read a post on the page.^Cuomo issued a state health warning Friday about the drug . More than 160 patients admitted in nine days across the state . The drug can have long-term effects on the brain, especially for the young people who are abusing it . Spice is bought over the counter, usually marketed as incense or potpourri . It caused the death of a California teenager last year . On April 6, two Mississippi brothers were placed in medically-induced comas . They had smoked a 'bad batch' of the synthetic cannabinoid .
The Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen  after receiving approval from the Saudi-led military coalition, an ICRC spokeswoman said. The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen. On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of 'streams of wounded'. But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading, as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes and hunt for planes prepared to fly to Yemen. Air strikes: It is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen - but so far, the International Red Cross has not been able to gain entry to the Middle Eastern country . Carnage: The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis . People stand on the rubble of houses destroyed by an air strike in Okash village near Sanaa over the weekend . Supporters of the Houthi rebels raise rifles as they shout slogans against the Saudi-led air strikes in Sanaa . Discussions: Pakistan is currently in talks about whether to enter the conflict - but the country's political leaders, like Imran Khan, who leads Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) party,  are urging diplomacy . 'Dialogue for peace': Members of Pakistan's civil society chant slogans against the Saudi-led coalition targeting Shiite rebels in Yemen, during a demonstration, in Lahore . 'We are still working on getting the plane to [the Yemeni capital] Sanaa. It's a bit difficult with the logistics because there are not that many companies or cargo planes willing to fly into a conflict zone,' said Marie Claire Feghali, a Red Cross spokesperson. The ICRC is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into Yemen by plane. It is also trying to get staff by boat from Djibouti to Aden, but fighting has complicated efforts. Earlier today in Riyadh, a spokesman for the Saudi-led coalition said arrangements had been made for at least one Red Cross aid delivery yesterday morning, but the ICRC - which deploys 300 aid workers to the Arab peninsula's poorest country - had pulled out of the arrangement. 'There was a trip fixed for them at nine this morning ... They informed us, after the time was set, of a request to delay the flight,' Brigadier General Ahmed Asseri told reporters yesterday, adding that this was because the company from which they had chartered the plane could not fly to Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition says it has set up a special coordination body for aid deliveries and asked NGOs and governments to work with it to ensure humanitarian aid can be brought into Yemen and foreign nationals can be evacuated safely. The news comes on the same day as war-weary Pakistan began talks to enter the conflict after its staunch Saudi allies issued an urgent request the country join the expanding coalition of Sunni Muslim nations fighting Shiite rebels in the country. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the special session of parliament last week, saying any decision on intervention could only come after proper debate. However, Pakistan's political leaders - including former cricketer Imran Khan, the head of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) party - are calling for diplomacy and a negotiated settlement, saying it does not want to get involved in any conflict that would inflame sectarian tensions. Intervention: Saudi soldiers take their position at Saudi Arabia's border with Yemen earlier today . Running away: Yemenis flee from the international airport neighborhood in the capital Sanaa . Under attack: Smoke and flames rise allegedly from Shiite Huthi rebels camps . Warzone: Yemenis stand beside trucks destroyed by an airstrike carried out by the Saudi-led coalition targeting Houthi rebel positions in Hais district in the western port city of Hodeidah yesterday . Blast: A Yemeni soldier inspects a truck destroyed by the Saudi-led coalition in Hodeidah yesterday . Grief: Yemeni women visit the graves of their relatives of Houthi supporters  killed during recent fighting. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen . This morning Pakistan's parliament begins . debating a Saudi plea for military help in Yemen - a . request that pits Prime Minister Sharif's Saudi . allies against a war-weary Pakistani public. Since Saudi Arabia, the Gulf's main Sunni Muslim power, . asked Sunni-majority Pakistan to join a Saudi-led military . coalition that began conducting air strikes last month against . largely Shi'ite Houthi forces in Yemen, Sharif has hedged his . bets. He has said repeatedly he will defend any threat to Saudi . Arabia's 'territorial integrity' without defining what action . such a threat might provoke. 'They're looking to satisfy Saudi expectations at a minimal . level,' said Arif Rafiq, a Washington-based adjunct scholar with . the Middle East Institute. 'They're unlikely to be part of any . meaningful action inside Yemen. Maybe they will reinforce the . (Saudi) border.' Twelve days of fighting has not only killed hundreds of people, but cut off water and electricity and led UNICEF to warn Yemen is heading towards a humanitarian disaster. For the people trapped between the warring sides, the arrival of the ICRC could not come soon enough. Street fighting and heavy shelling have torn through the streets of In Aden - the last bastion of support for the Saudi-backed Hadi - for days. Sixty people were killed in heavy fighting on Sunday alone, according to reports. Residents claim a foreign warship had shelled Houthi positions on the outskirts, but a spokesman for the coalition in Riyadh said its vessels were helping civilian evacuations, not shelling the Houthis. Nevertheless, food, water and electricity shortages have mounted across the city, where combat has shut ports and cut land routes from the city. 'How are we supposed to live without water and electricity?' pleaded Fatima, a housewife walking through the city streets with her young children. She clutched a yellow plastic jerry can, like dozens of other residents on the streets and in queues seeking water from public wells or mosque faucets after supplies at home dried up. In Dahlea, just north of the city, air strikes hit a local government compound and a military base on its outskirts, which were both taken over by Houthis. Residents said buildings were on fire and reported loud explosions. But militia fighters said coalition planes also dropped supplies - the first time they had done so outside Aden - including mortars, rocket-propelled grenades, rifles, ammunition, telecommunications equipment and night goggles. Residents near al-Anad air base, once home to U.S. military personnel fighting a covert drone war with al Qaeda in Yemen, said dozens of Houthi and allied fighters were withdrawing north after the site was bombed by coalition jets. Meanwhile, at least eight people were killed in an air strike before dawn in the suburbs of the northern city of Saadah, home of the Houthi movement which spread from its mountain stronghold to take over the capital Sanaa six months ago. A Houthi spokesman said the dead included women and children. Local officials said strikes also hit air defence and coastal military units near the Red Sea port of Hodaida, and targets on the outskirts of Aden. They also hit a bridge on the road south to Aden, apparently trying to block the Houthis from sending reinforcements to their fighters in the city. Crater: Yemeni men inspect a hole allegedly made during an airstrike carried out by Saudi jets yesterday . Armed: A Yemeni gunman stands beside trucks destroyed by a Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthi rebels  in the Hais district of the western port city of Hodeidah yesterday . Destroyed: Trucks destroyed by Saudi warplanes are seen near the city of Hodeidah in Yemen yesterday . Prime Minister Sharif owes the Saudis. Endemic tax dodging means Pakistan . needs regular injections of foreign cash to avoid economic . meltdown. Last year, the Saudis gave Pakistan $1.5 billion. Saudi Arabia also sheltered Sharif after he was overthrown in a . 1999 military coup. But joining the Saudi-led coalition could inflame a . sectarian conflict at home where around a fifth of the . population is Shi'ite and attacks on Shi'ites are increasing, . further destabilising the nuclear-armed nation of 180 million . people. Pakistani intervention would probably also anger Shi'ite . power Iran, which shares a long and porous border in a region . roiling with its own separatist insurgency. Pakistan's other . main borders are with arch enemy India and Afghanistan, where . Pakistan troops are already conducting anti-Taliban operations. The Iranian foreign minister will visit Pakistan this week. A US citizen has been killed in a mortar attack in Yemen after he traveled to the country in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them  to California, family say. Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. According to Alazzani, al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter. Alazzani told KPIX al-Labani was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. Family: Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2 1/2-year-old daughter . Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. They have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition of mainly Gulf air forces. Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia launched the air strikes on March 26 in an attempt to turn back the Iran-allied Shi'ite Houthis, who already control Yemen's capital Sanaa, and restore some of Hadi's crumbling authority. The air and sea campaign has targeted Houthi convoys, missiles and weapons stores and cut off any possible outside reinforcements - although the Houthis deny Saudi accusations that they are armed by Tehran.^Aid agency received approval from Saudi-led coalition to enter Yemen . It has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies . 11 days of coalition airstrikes on Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced . News comes as Pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of Sunni nations .
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone believes English football needs to ‘wake up’ after this season’s poor showing in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round. Simeone, who takes Atletico to rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night, thinks this season’s failure should spark a response from the Premier League’s top clubs. Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe . Chelsea's players look dejected during their costly draw at home to Paris Saint-Germain last month . Barcelona's Luis Suarez beats Joe Hart during his side's 2-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad . Arsenal's Mesut Ozil sits on the turf after his side's last 16 Champions League exit at the hands of Monaco . Click here to read Simeone's column in full . Writing in his exclusive column for Goal.com, he said: ‘I’m surprised there are no English clubs left in the Champions League. ‘English football has enormous potential with its footballers and financial clout. The fact that there is no English team left in the last eight of the Champions League or in the Europa League is a wake-up call for the Premier League to look at why it is that, despite their great economic power and with all the many great footballers playing in England, Chelsea are so far ahead of everyone else and why they have no teams left in Europe.’ Simeone believes that Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe - Wednesday night’s opponents Real Madrid, who have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon last week, and Barcelona. ‘For us at Atletico, we are competing against two teams with the obligation of winning the Champions League,’ he said. ‘At the very least, Madrid and Barcelona are among the last eight in Europe every season and usually the last four, so for Atletico to win La Liga last season was a tremendous achievement.’ Diego Godin (left) and Raul Garcia (centre) smile as Fernando Torres makes a point during training on Tuesday . Atletico Madrid defender Guilherme Siqueira (left) heads the ball as Antoine Griezmann watches on . Atletico forward Mario Mandzukic appeared in cheerful mood during training in Majadahonda on Tuesday . Atletico's Turkey international Arda Turan keeps his eye on the ball ahead of the quarter-final clash . Beating Barca to the title last season was harder than winning the Champions League, according to Simeone . Simeone believes his side will face one of Europe's top two teams when they take on Real Madrid . Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, resisted the opportunity to get his excuses in early ahead of the game at the Santiago Bernabeu. Despite facing Atletico without four members of his first team, he said: ‘I have the best squad in the world and it is more important to me who is playing than who is not’. Gareth Bale is Real’s biggest absentee. He was vital for them in last season’s run-in, scoring in their quarter-final win over Borussia Dortmund and in the final against Atletico Madrid. Sportsmail understands he remains committed to staying at the club beyond this summer, despite interest from Manchester United, and he was desperate to play on Wednesday night. Instead he is in a race to be fit for the semi-finals at the start of next month, should Real qualify. Carlo Ancelotti watches his players during the training session ahead of the crucial Champions League tie . Cristiano Ronaldo (left) and Lucas Silva (right) are put through their paces in training ahead of their next game . Daniel Carvajal, Marcelo Vieira and Sami Khedira (left to right) train ahead of the game with Atletico Madrid . Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final . Gareth Bale will miss Wednesday's second leg after picking up an injury against Malaga on Saturday . Bale misses the second leg because of a strain to his left calf, while Karim Benzema and Luka Modric have knee injuries. The latter has been ruled out for up to six weeks after sustaining ligament damage in Saturday’s win against Malaga. Left back Marcelo, meanwhile, is suspended as Ancelotti aims to end a seven-game winless streak against Simeone. He is expected to play Pepe in midfield alongside Toni Kroos and Isco, leaving Cristiano Ronaldo in attack with James Rodriguez and Javier Hernandez or Jese. If Hernandez gets the nod, it will be his first big-game start since joining from Manchester United on loan in September. Should Javier Hernandez play, it will be the Mexican's first big-game start since joining Real Madrid .^There are no English clubs left in the Champions League or Europa League . Diego Simeone admits he is surprised at the plight of Premier League sides . He believes Barcelona and Real Madrid are the top two clubs in Europe . Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final .
A self-confessed neo-Nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table. The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south. He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. Scroll down for video . Kicked out: Kenneth Stancil is removed from a Wayne County courtroom in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother . When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder, Stancil burst into expletives, WNCN reported. 'Yes I know that,' Stancil snapped back. 'But when I knew what I had to do and I knew I got caught, I knew in my mind that I could get life or I could get the death penalty. I knew that.' He then repeated his previous claims that he targeted Lane for making sexual advances towards Stancil's 16-year-old brother. He has said Lane did not touch the boy but intended to. 'You defile my top eight, I will kill you,' Stancil told the court on Thursday. 'Know what I'm saying? If you're a f***ing child molester, a f***ing rapist.' When Judge Ronald O. Jones told him to stop using that language, he answered: 'I don't give a f*** what you want'. Jones ordered him to be removed from the courtroom but Stancil was able to flip over a table before deputies pounced on him and hauled him away. When he returned about 30 minutes later, his demeanor was very different, WNCN noted. He told the judge he would like an attorney and one will be appointed to him on Friday. In court: Stancil, who has multiple neo-Nazi tattoos, made his first appearance in the North Carolina courtroom on Thursday after he was transferred from Florida, where he was arrested on Tuesday . Hauled out: Deputies carried the suspect out and he was much calmer when he returned 30 minutes later . Back home: Stancil is seen emerging from a State Bureau of Investigation plane in North Carolina after being extradited from Florida on Thursday . Stancil is pictured arriving at the Wayne County Courthouse ahead of his violent outburst on Thursday . He was flown by authorities from Florida to North Carolina on Thursday after denying an extradition hearing. Stancil allegedly shot Lane, who worked in the college's print shop, at 8am on Monday before fleeing on a motorcycle. When the bike later broke down, he hitchhiked to Daytona Beach where he was picked up for sleeping on the beach, which is in violation of the beach ordinance. In a telephone interview on Wednesday from a Daytona Beach, Florida, jail, Stancil claimed Lane tried to take advantage of his brother, whom he found on Facebook. 'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he told WRAL. He added that he has no regrets about the shooting. 'I did what I did, and I've got to live with it,' he said. 'If I get life, I just get life. I'm a murderer, you know, what the hell do I got to care? I don't give a damn if I go back to society.' Stancil, who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols, said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his fellow white people. Gunned down: Stancil, pictured left in his mug shot, allegedly shot his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ron Lane, pictured right, on Monday morning. He said part of the reason was because Lane was gay . Mourning: Students gather at a memorial at Wayne Community College for Ron Lane on Tuesday . 'I don't believe in race mixing,' he said. He added that he hated gay people 'with a passion' - but said that was only one of the reasons he killed Lane, who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before Stancil was fired for absenteeism. Stancil's mother has previously said that Lane did not molest the teenage boy because they had never met. Lane's cousin, Steven Smith, told WRAL that Lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone he worked with. There were no criminal complaints filed by Stancil family members with either the Wayne County sheriff or Goldsboro police, Wayne County investigations clerk Ellen Grice said. There were also no workplace complaints filed against Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, Wayne Community College human resources director Ina Rawlinson said. Police have said officers are investigating the possibility that the incident was a hate crime.^Kenneth Stancil made his first appearance in a North Carolina court on Thursday after he was transferred from a Florida jail . In an expletive-filled rant, he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother . His victim, Ron Lane, and brother had never met and there were no complaints against Lane when he was shot dead on Monday . Stancil has admitted that he partly shot Lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay .
Arrest: Tabitha Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight . A mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl, drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl, according to police. Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey, Florida. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses, Pasco County Sheriff's officials said. She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl, according to an affidavit. She claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter. Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to the area near Moog Street and Colonial Hills Drive and left the car holding a folding knife. 'The 14-year-old victim advised she thought she was going to die when she saw the defendant with the knife,' Detective William Orndorff wrote in his report. Bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight the girl, yelling at her, 'Get on top of her' and 'kick her a**', according to police. 'The defendant's daughter was losing the fight at which time the defendant kicked the 14-year-old female on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair,' the affidavit said. Scene: She allegedly met the girl at this corner in New Port Richey before yelling at her daughter to fight . Her teenage daughter then climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her, according to the report. The fight lasted about a minute, according to the affidavit, and afterwards, two bystanders posted footage of the brawl to social media. When questioned by police, Bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl - saying she may have kicked her own daughter instead, according to the affidavit. Bennett was released from jail Sunday on $10,500 bail. It was unclear Monday whether she had retained an attorney who could be reached for comment.^Tabitha Anne Bennett 'messaged a 14-year-old girl on Facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl' She 'drove her daughter to the meeting place and emerged with a knife - which made the 14-year-old girl think she was going to die' She 'yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair' She has been charged with child abuse and assault and battery .
He may be a warrior in the ring, but Manny Pacquaio showed his humble side outside of it once more with his latest Instagram post. The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history. But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far. Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather . The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone (centre left) for visiting him at the gym . 'Hello to all my fans in New York and thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao,' Pacquaio said via Instagram on Thursday. 'I hope to see you soon. God bless.' The duo are just the latest to show their support for the 'Pac-man' ahead of his fight against Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month. Former two-time NBA MVP and 14-time All-Star Karl Malone is another who appears to be behind the camp of the southpaw boxer. Later on Thursday, Pacquaio took to Instagram again to post a picture with the 51-year-old at his Wild Card gym base in Los Angeles. Pacquiao's trainer, Freddie Roach, believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . Accompanied with the caption: 'Thank you Karl Malone for visiting me today. God Bless you and your family,' the pair are all smiles alongside trainer Freddie Roach. And speaking earlier in the week, Roach believes that his fighter has a better chance of beating Mayweather now than he did in 2010. Asked whether the 2010 or 2015 version of Pacquiao would have a better chance of victory against the unbeaten Mayweather, Roach told boxingscene.com : 'That is an interesting question because there are obviously trade-offs between the two versions of Manny. But I am convinced that the 2015 model is the more formidable fighter for a few reasons. 'Back in 2010, Manny was still growing into a welterweight. His first two welterweight fights were against Oscar De La Hoya in 2008 and Miguel Cotto in 2009 where he only weighed 142 and 144 pounds respectively, and in between he dropped down to 138 to fight Ricky Hatton. 'Floyd has been campaining as a welterweight since 2005 and weighed 150 in his fight against De La Hoya so that might have given Floyd an advantage. I still like Manny's chances in that fight but I think the Manny of today has a lot more in his favour. Pacquiao is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010, according to his trainer Roach . Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he meets Pacquiao next month . 'In 2010 the two-year age difference between the fighters was not significant to either, but that's not true today. Floyd at 38 is doing things he didn't do in the past. Floyd is a defensive genius but he has always depended on his legs to perform and you can see now that his legs do not have the same spring or fluidness of his earlier years. Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300million mega-fight next month but Roach is adamant that Pacquiao is primed to cause an upset. 'The 2015 version of Manny is more mature, smarter and less reckless than the 2010 version,' said Roach. 'He will be treating the ring like a chess board anticipating Floyd's moves - ready to cut him off and attack every time he creates an opening. 'I have all the confidence in the world that Manny is going to knock Floyd out on May 2.' The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .^Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2 . Pacquiao took to Instagram on Thursday to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey . 36-year-old was also visited by  NBA legend Karl Malone at his boxing gym .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie. And Suarez said: 'A striker is always looking for goals and the two moves came off for me. Luis Suarez puts the ball through David Luiz's legs before scoring his second goal for Barcelona . 'I had to nutmeg Luiz twice because there was nothing else I could do.' The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games . Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night, threading the ball between Luiz's legs at pace, holding off a challenge from Maxwell and firing home. Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie with a 3-1 first leg win . Suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead . His second of the night was even better, again nutmegging Luiz before striding on and planting a shot into the top corner. But the forward was not looking ahead to the semi-finals just yet, adding: 'In football you never know what's going to happen. 'They have so much quality and we need to be aware that this isn't over. It'll be a good game.'^Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG . Suarez nutmegged David Luiz on his way to scoring both goals . The striker says the tie is not over despite Barca's two-goal advantage .
A 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago. Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. As he was escorted from the courtroom, he screamed: 'You've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death', while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'. Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. Scroll down for video . 'Revenge': Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon (both pictured), 39, because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago. The defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years . Crash: Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, received a nine-month sentence. Above, a newspaper photo of the crash . After more than 40 years of torment, Vuozzo confronted the driver's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, in their home on St Mary's Road, near the town of Montague, CTV News reported. He shot them both in 'execution-style' killings to avenge his sister's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the crash that had claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago. In February, Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon. At the time, he told the court that when Cathy was killed, 'Our lives were ruined'. He added he had needed to do something for her. 'Call me a cold-blooded killer, but I'm not,' he said. Before his sentencing on Monday, Vuozzo said Herbert's 'short' sentence 'has haunted me all my life', saying: 'That's all her life was worth. She only had nine years in this world. And nobody cared.' Shooting: After more than 40 years of torment, Vuozzo confronted the driver's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, in their home near Montague, Prince Edward Island, and shot them. Above, police at the scene . Emergency vehicle: He killed both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . However, Crown lawyer John Diamond told the provincial Supreme Court in Charlottetown that Vuozzo was a 'cold-hearted' murderer who had shot his victims with a handgun to get 'revenge'. 'It was revenge. He was a cold-hearted and calculated individual,' he told the court, CBC reported. Mr Diamond also called the double-murder on August 20 'callous', 'pointless', and the worst crime in the Island's history, adding that it has caused life-long pain for surviving McGuigan family members. In a victim impact statement, Brent's wife and Brendon's mother, Marie McGuigan, who was home at the time but was not targeted by a hell-bent Vuozzo, said 'a part of me died with them that night'. Attack: In February, Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon. He said that when Cathy was killed, 'Our lives were ruined'. Above, the scene of the killings . Meanwhile, Brent's only daughter, Donna, said she has been consumed by hatred. 'I feel so much anger and hatred that it scares me. I hate that they died this way and it haunts me,' she sobbed. At an earlier hearing, Gerald Quinn, prosecuting, explained how Cathy had been fatally thrown from a car being driven by her father when it was struck by Mr McGuigan, who was driving a truck, in 1970. The youngster's father and two other children also received minor injuries in the crash, but Herbert was not injured, The Eastern Graphic reported. Cathy died on the scene near Commercial Road. Mr McGuigan has since passed away. Referring to Brent and Brendon, Quinn said: 'These two men, by all accounts, were good hard-working men, had no involvement whatsoever in the motor vehicle accident years ago, at all. He added: 'This gentlemen [Vuozzo] had no familiarity with them other than knowing who they were. He walked into the home and he shot them both multiple times and killed them.' Thane MacEachern, defending, argued that the defendant had no previous criminal record and had suffered from depression and mental illness prior to the shootings, according to CBC. Vuozzo, of Lower Montague, will be 81 by the time he is eligible for parole. The first 25 years' ineligibility are for his first-degree murder charge, while the other 10 years are for killing Brendon. In 2011, federal legislation was passed allowing courts to impose consecutive periods of parole ineligibility in cases where defendants have been convicted of multiple murders.^Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan and his son, Brendon . He carried out shooting last August to avenge nine-year-old sister, Cathy . Cathy was killed  in a car smash involving Brent's father, Herbert, in 1970 . Herbert given nine-month sentence for dangerous driving; has since died . Vuozzo, from Prince Edward Island, said the sentence had 'haunted' him . Knew victims, who lived near Montague, were not involved in fatal crash . Defendant pleaded guilty to first- and second-degree murder in February . He was jailed for life on Monday; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .
These rusting 'ghost' ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet, set to protect and serve in the hour of need. The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War, and at its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored. Scroll down for video . Ghost ships: A number of the remaining ships in the United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet lay moored in James River, Virginia . Helping hand: The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945, in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies . Diminished: At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year . The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet', is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets. At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites: James River, Virginia; Beaumont, Texas; Suisun Bay, California; Stony Point, New York; Wilmington, North Carolina; Mobile, Alabama; Astoria, Oregon; and Olympia, Washington. Out of these eight, only James River, Beaumont and Suisun Bay exist today. Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals. The worst affected is the Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet, where less than 50 ships remain. At its peak, in 1952, the bay had 340 ships anchored. Today, less than 50 ships remain, slowly polluting the bay, which is a critical environmental area for fish and wildlife. The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay, with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017. Reduced: Out of the original eight anchorage sites, only three; James River, Virginia; Beaumont, Texas and Suisun Bay, California remain . Pollution: The worst affected mooring side is Suisun Bay in California where less than 50 ships remain, slowly releasing toxins into the bay . Going, gone: At its peak, in 1952, the Suisun Bay, California site had 340 ships anchored - today, less than 50 ships remain . The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay, with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . The NDRF was established to serve as a reserve of mainly merchant vessels to be activated for national defense and national emergency purposes. The vessels can be activated within 20 days to four months, in order to provide shipping during national emergencies, either military or non-military, such as commercial shipping crises. Throughout its first thirty years, the National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels were activated to help transporting coal and grains in times of shortage, and ships were brought in during the Korean War, the 1961 Berlin crisis and the Vietnam War. After the fall of Saigon in 1975, the National Defense Reserve Fleet was augmented by the Ready Reserve Fleet (RFF) to provide for military emergencies. Since then, ships have been activated to support U.S. troops and transport cargo in the Gulf War in 1990 and aided in several humanitarian disasters in the new millennium. In 2005, four National Defense Reserve Fleet ships were used for relief operations in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and five years later, six were used in the wake of the devastating earthquake  in Haiti. Its most recent operation took place in the wake of Hurricane Sandy in 2012, when two National Defense Reserve Fleet training vessels were called in. As of April 30, 2014, only 122 vessels are left in the NDRF, and their numbers are reducing still. Zombie ship: One of the ships moored in Suisun Bay, California is covered in rust, slowly eating up the once-gray paint . No life: Long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet' is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets .^The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 . The fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies . At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year .
Confusion over Ukip’s immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the Tories – would be ‘ludicrous’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country. Ukip’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’. Confusion over Ukip’s immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year . The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ – but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration. Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with spokesman Stephen Woolfe saying the numbers being granted visas limited at 50,000. But at the start of March, Mr Farage overturned this by saying he would not set ‘arbitrary targets’. At the end of the month, the Ukip leader spoke of a net migration limit of ‘about 30,000 people a year’. Charlie Elphicke, the Tory candidate in Dover, said: ‘Ukip’s immigration policy doesn’t just change by the day, it changes by the minute in the space of one interview. It’s complete chaos. ‘The truth is with Nigel Farage, you just don’t know what you’re going to get. The only certainty is that a vote for Ukip lets Ed Miliband limp into Downing Street via the backdoor - and then there will be no action on immigration.’ Interviewed on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme yesterday, Mr Farage said about his party’s cap: ‘It’s below 50,000 a year, all right? It’s below 50,000 a year. Simple as that. The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ – but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration . ‘But this whole debate we’ve been tied up with caps for five years. It’s devalued the debate. What we’re not actually addressing is the fact that 624,000 people settled in Britain last year and that we have no control over the numbers that settle this year or next year. ‘Let’s be honest, we cannot have any debate about immigration about numbers while we’re members of the European Union.’ Later in the day, Suzanne Evans, Ukip’s manifesto chief, said the level of the cap might change. She told the BBC News channel: ‘If we say, we have 21,000 highly skilled people coming from outside of the EU, where there is already a points based system, then we will talk to the businesses, that’s where we get our 50,000 limit from, but that might change every year.’^In February, Ukip unveiled 50,000 cap on those being given visas for UK . Farage then refused to have ‘arbitrary targets’, before moving it to 30,000 . Tories accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration .
Expat: Detectives are investigating the killing of David King (pictured), a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham, east London, who retired to Normandy . A fight over stolen vegetables may have led to a British expat being murdered and dumped at the bottom of a well, French police fear. The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King, a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham, east London, who retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south-west of Caen, and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. The alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area. Now prosecutor Carole Etienne has said that Mr King, a keen gardener, may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables. Ms Etienne, who is leading the police enquiry, said: ‘Among the vague attempts at an explanation given by the accused, we are looking at the possibility of a fight over the theft of foodstuffs. ‘In one night, a whole plot of leeks might disappear. One person saw four rabbits vanishing overnight.’ Ms Etienne added: ‘People were getting more and more angry, and some were even threatening to defend their plots with shotguns’. Neighbours of Mr King, who was hugely proud of his vegetable garden, told Le Parisien newspaper that a description of the thief corresponds to the alleged murderer. Discovery: In February, Mr King's car, a Renault Scenic (above) was found parked in Vire, a nearby town, but there was no sign of any body . Family and neighbours of Mr King have attacked detectives for allowing his suspected murderer to remain at large for six months. Interpol, the international police organisation, had initially refused to open a missing person’s enquiry. Instead they believed Mr King had travelled to Australia to see his daughter, Sandie Ray. Mr King had been living in France for 15 years . Ms Ray, who lives in Perth, Australia, said her father’s passport details had been mixed up with another David King, who had indeed travelled to Australia from France. She said this was known by November last year, but ‘the French authorities still hadn’t been formally notified of this via Interpol until approximately three months later’. Ms Ray said a quicker enquiry would have avoided ‘lots of anxiety and frustration for our family and dads friends.’ John King, Mr King’s son, who lives in Brighton, East Sussex, said the botched investigation had been a ‘bureaucratic nightmare’ for all concerned. Other expats living in the area said it was ‘hugely frightening’ to have a suspected murderer living in their midst while the operation went on. ‘This is an isolated part of the world, and everyone is potentially vulnerable to attack,’ said one. ‘Detectives should have worked out what was going on far quicker. The slow speed of the enquiry was unacceptable.' In February, Mr King's car, a Renault Scenic was found parked in Vire, a nearby town, but there was no sign of any body.^David King, 70, from east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago . Body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder . Alleged killer was living rough and is 'behind number of thefts in area' Gardener Mr King may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
A rare Bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration. The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback (pictured) sold for almost four times its estimated value . The rare Bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years . More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet. The Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory. But when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer. A strong market and rising prices mean vintage vehicles are increasingly popular as financial investments - and the value of some classic cars rose by 257 per cent between 2005 and 2013, it was recently reported. But when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the anonymous British collector who bought it . Earlier this week, a clapped out 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III went on the market - offering car fanatics the chance to restore the virtually untouched vehicle - with the promise of being worth three times its £220,000 price tag when finished. The R-Type was the second series of post-war Bentley automobiles, replacing the Mark VI. It was considered the epitome of British luxury in the 1950s as well as being the first car to carry the Continental nameplate. It was the fastest production car of the period as it could reach 120mph. But despite its speed capability, the Continental model was produced specifically for the domestic market in continental Europe. And despite vehicles having the same uniform style, each car was unique in detail and unlike almost every car of its time, the Continental had an all-aluminum body. Richard Charlesworth, Bentley's director of royal and VIP relations, described the 1954 Bentley as 'one of the rarest and most iconic cars of its time' as only 218 were made. He also referred to it as 'almost the Bugatti Veyron of its day'. However, this white model is far from fast after spending the past 15 years gathering dust in a barn. When new, the Bentley was the world's fastest four-seat car - capable of 120mph. This was thanks to a 4.9-litre engine which developed almost 180bhp - a large figure for a 61-year-old car. Tony Cavell, director at Barons, said the winning bid was 'an absolutely fantastic result'. He added: 'A 'lost' car always attracts collectors' attention, and when it's such a rare, iconic and valuable machine, that interest can lead to a frenetic bidding battle such as we saw yesterday. 'It will be fascinating to see the 'journey' the Bentley now takes, as its restoration commences.' This virtually-untouched 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III went on the market for £220,000 will be worth three times the price if fully restored .^The Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for £200,000 . But an anonymous car collector bought it for £739,212 in Surrey yesterday . When the vintage car is restored, it could be worth more than £1million . Described as 'one of the rarest cars of its time' as only 218 cars were made .
Dozens of Jet Airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane’s landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in India. The plane, carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members, tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho. The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop, and passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety. Photos provided by a journalist show the plane tilting to one side and its left engine touching the runway . In statements posted on Twitter, Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’ and said reports of a fire are untrue. Passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed, Indian media reported. The incident occurred as flight 9W2423 arrived at the airport in Khajuraho, about 375 miles south-east of Delhi in the state of Madhya Pradesh, from Varanasi, a 45-minute journey. After a brief stop in Varanasi the plane was scheduled to continue to Delhi. Photos provided to MailOnline Travel by a Live India journalist show the plane tilting to the left, with its left engine touching the runway and its emergency slides deployed. Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides . Jet Airways said in a statement: ‘Safety chutes were deployed and all 59 passengers and eight crew on board the aircraft disembarked safely and were transferred to the terminal. ‘Jet Airways is making arrangements to transfer outbound guests to Varanasi and Delhi. ‘An additional flight is also being operated on the Delhi-Varanasi sector to assist in accommodating the outbound guests.’ The Mumbai-based airline said India’s Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), which is responsible for investigating aviation accidents and incidents, has been informed. It added: ‘The safety of passengers is the airline’s number one priority and Jet Airways will be working closely with the authorities during the investigation into the cause of this incident.’ A government official told the Indian Express that no one was injured, but the runway is expected to be closed for 48 hours.^Incident occurred as the Boeing 737-800 landed at Khajuraho airport . Plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway . Crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides . Jet Airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
Family and friends who travelled from around the world for an Australian bride's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day. Stephanie Scott, 26, was due marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements. Scroll down for video . Friends and family of murdered Stephanie Scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder . 'So in love': Stephanie Scott, pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was last seen on Easter Sunday . Mystery disappearance: Ms Scott's car was found by police on Thursday, 7km outside of the town of Griffith . The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East. For days, the sisters of the missing bride-to-be posted desperate Facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her. But on Thursday morning, as it emerged 24-year-old cleaner Vincent Stanford had been charged with her murder, the pleas for help turned to heartbreaking tributes. 'Always and forever in our hearts. That he can't take away from us,' posted Robyn Scott, along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard. 'That's ours to keep forever and always.' Family say the English and drama teacher was 'so in love' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life before she vanished on Easter Sunday. Murdered Stephanie Scott's sister Robyn posted a tribute along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . Stephanie's Facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in Canberra last month for her hen party. She was smiling and wearing a veil and 'Bride-to-be' sash after she got engaged to Aaron in Thailand, sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family. In the weeks before she disappeared, she was also anticipating the arrival of her sister Kim Scott who was flying in from Abu Dhabi to attend her big day. 'Righto Stephanie, I'm about to board my flight. I'm expecting good news when I switch my phone on in Sydney. I love you. Xxx,' she posted on Facebook. But after arriving in Perth and while making her way to Sydney on Monday, she got the devastating news that her younger sister had gone missing. Her family knew there was no way Stephanie had got 'cold feet' and her sister said 'she just wouldn't run away'. Stephanie Scott is pictured here in Canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen's party with her mother Merrilyn . Stephanie got engaged to Aaron in Thailand, sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . On Wednesday, Ms Scott's fiancé thanked people for their 'outstanding' support in trying to find her . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher . Kim told Daily Mail Australia that Stephanie had spent the Easter weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti. She also sent a text message a month before her April 11 wedding date saying she was 'so freakin excited'. 'She spent [Saturday] shopping for her honeymoon. She'd driven to Griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys, and a bikini for the honeymoon,' Kim said. Ms Scott was set to wed Mr Leeson-Woolley, at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra, a tiny town in the Central West region of New South Wales, this Saturday. Stephanie was last seen at her workplace, Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. She was at the school to organise work for her students to do while she was away. Stephanie had texted Aaron at 10am about her plans for the morning and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11am, but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer. Ms Scott (left) pictured with her sister Kim Scott (right) who said she spent Sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was 'so freakin excited' Family had travelled from all over the world to western NSW for her wedding this Saturday. From left are family members Robert, Stuart, Gordon, Stephanie, Robyn, Kim and Merrilyn . At 12.59pm on Sunday afternoon, she sent an e-mail from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday. That was her last known activity. On Sunday afternoon, Aaron - who had been visiting his parents in Canowindra three and a half hours away - was due to meet Stephanie for dinner in Leeton at 7pm ,but she never showed up. He told the ABC: 'I've been with her for five years and... [her disappearance is] just out of the blue, out of character for her. 'It is the worst thing I have ever been through. You can't eat and you can't sleep,' mother Merrilyn Scott told AAP on Wednesday. 'I think today, if we don't find her today... you can't let yourself think about it but you do.' Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Kim Scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . Her family have now begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding and have joined friends in search surrounding roads in and around Leeton. 'It's cold and we are running out of days,' Mrs Scott said. Her parents, who should have been preparing for her wedding then changed their plans to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter. While police still don't know her whereabouts, her car has now been found 7km outside of Griffith and police are searching nearby waterways for her body. Police still do not know the whereabouts of 26-year-old Ms Scott, who was last seen at  Leeton High School . Family say the 26-year-old is 'so in love' with her fiancé and quickly shot down speculation she had cold feet . A Department of Education spokesman said counselling is being made available to Leeton High School staff, and will be offered to students on the students' return to school . They have also arrested Vincent Stanford who is expected to appear before Griffith Local Court later today charged with Ms Scott's murder. On Wednesday, police released an image of the car Stephanie was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD. Police are asking for anyone who may have seen an older model, white Toyota Hilux space-cab 2WD with a canopy  travelling in or around Leeton since Sunday to come forward with information. Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Griffith Police on 6969 4310. Ms Scott's sister Kim had flown to Australia from Abu Dhabi for the wedding, only to learn of her disappearance when she arrived . Her sister Kim (centre) said she Ms Scott (right) the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti with her fiance (left) Saturday April 4: Stephanie Scott drives 45 minutes to nearby Griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to Tahiti . Saturday 1pm: A friend sees Ms Scott at Woolworths in Leeton . Saturday 7pm: Ms Scott talks to her sister Robyn on the phone for 55 minutes, expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . Sunday 10am: She texts her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . Sunday 11am: Ms Scott meets a colleague at her workplace - Leeton High School - to pick up a set of keys . Sunday midday: Mr Leeson-Woolley tries to call Ms Scott but she does not answer . Sunday 12.59pm: Ms Scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . Sunday 7pm: Ms Scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiancé in Leeton . Monday 3pm: Mr Leeson-Woolley reports to police that Ms Scott is missing . Monday 4pm: Family members start posting on Facebook asking for help in locating Ms Scott . Tuesday 11.54am: 48 hours after she was last seen, police appeal for public assistance to locate Ms Scott, saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . Tuesday afternoon: Police door knock houses in the area surrounding Leeton High School . Tuesday night: Police search the school . Wednesday 8.37am: Ms Scott's sister Kim, who fears her car may have rolled of the road, asks public to help search along roads in the area . Wednesday 11.12am: Police release an image of a car similar to Ms Scott's missing red Mazda 3 sedan . Wednesday afternoon: Family hire a helicopter to search the area for her car . Wednesday 7.30pm: Police arrest a 24-year-old man at his home on Maiden Avenue in Leeton. He is expected to be charged with Ms Scott's murder . Ms Scott was last seen at her workplace, Leeton High School (pictured), about 11am Easter Sunday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.^Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday . She vanished on Sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding . Police have charged man, 24, with her murder despite not finding her body . Family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been 'furious' with him after a bungled first date. Mrs Miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached'. But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their 'mutual friend' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders. Worse still, the politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics, which she can't stand. Scroll down for video . Justine Miliband, right, said she fell in love with her husband Ed, left, after she got bitten by a dog . Mrs Miliband, right, said Ed, left, did not tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party . The mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events. In an interview with the Daily Mirror, Mrs Miliband said: 'Canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with Ed in 2005. 'I had never been out leafleting before and didn't realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox. 'I'd been bitten by a Doberman. Ed bandaged me up and I fell in love with him.' The Doberman incident happened while canvassing in Mr Miliband's constituency in Doncaster. However, Mr Miliband almost doomed the couple's relationship on their first encounter after he failed to reveal that he was already in a relationship. She said: 'I thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached. But we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac. 'Apparently we had nothing in common. He wanted to talk about economics – one of my least favourite subjects. None of our conversations went anywhere.' The unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner. She said: 'I found out he was secretly going out with the woman who had invited us for dinner. I was furious. 'I bumped into him a couple of times after that, but we didn’t start seeing each other for at least a year.' Mrs Miliband said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend - understood to be the former BBC economics editor - who Ed was secretly in a relationship with . Mrs Miliband said neither her or her husband are bothered about the 'kitchengate' controversy when it emerged the couple had two kitchens - or 'bacongate' when Mr Miliband was caught struggling to each a sandwich . The couple have two children, Daniel and Samuel. However, Mrs Miliband, who is a lawyer, said she has no intention of giving up her job in the event her husband is elected prime minister. She said she was 'genuinely taken aback' by the suggestion. Mrs Miliband said she has been surprised by some people's obsession with their domestic arrangements. She added: 'With kitchengate, I was just amazed at the ink being spilled. I can't get upset about things like that when people are having terrible lives in this country and around the world. 'There are things in politics that are really serious and then there's lots of other stuff. It's partly why Ed and I get on so well. Both of us couldn't care less about kitchengate or bacon buttygate.'^Ed Miliband bored his future wife Justine on their first meeting at a party . The Labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest . He then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party's host . Mrs Miliband said she and her husband are not interested in 'kitchengate'
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor. Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying: 'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down.' Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said: 'I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League . Burnley manager Sean Dyche shakes hands with Wenger following Arsenal 1-0 victory at Turf Moor . 'When you see their performance tonight (Saturday), I am surprised by their plight near the bottom. They have a great solidarity and organisation in their side. Burnley have won only once in 11 games, a famous 1-0 victory against City, but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop. They are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers Hull City, Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures. They have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games. Aaron Ramsey (right) scored the only goal of the game, but it was enough to secure three points . The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead . 'We have six big games coming and we have shown this season we can score goals,' he said. 'We are not naïve. We are willing and have an appetite to succeed.' 'The outside world thought we might not take anything from our last seven games. There are teams around us who are having an awkward time and maybe they feel the next matches more than us. 'It could well go do the wire. I am only concerned about us. I know if our performances are right, we will win games. I think we have measured ourselves well against the top sides and now there are going to be different type of games, edgy games.' Burnley were unlucky not to draw level after this acrobatic attempt was saved by David Ospina .^Arsene Wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against Burnley . Arsenal needed an Aaron Ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at Turf Moor . Wenger hails Burnley's 'solidarity and organisation'
A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops, fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade. These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly  command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria. Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011. Strength: Four armoured tanks and thousands of soldiers formed part of a graduation ceremony (pictured) held by Jaysh Al-Islam, a militant group that opposes ISIS and the Syrian regime . Aggressive: The soldiers of the Army of Islam perform a series of military drills (pictured) in what the group describes as the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the start of the Syrian revolution . Powerful: The group, who are allegedly being funded by Saudi Arabia, show of a fleet of armoured tanks (pictured) during the graduation ceremony for its recruits . Elite: Its special forces units (pictured) showed off  an array of acrobatic kicks and close-combat skills in front of their leaders . Discipline: As many as 1,700 soldiers stood to attention as their commander referred to them as the 'leaders of the Mujahidin', which roughly translates as 'those who fight in a Jihad' The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia. The Arab kingdom has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters so they can defeat the Syrian regime and 'increasingly powerful Jihadi organisations', according to the Guardian. Known as the Army of Islam, the insurgent group was created in 2011 when Saudi Arabia allegedly engineered the merger of over 50 rebel factions after growing alarmed at the rise if Al-Qaeda and ISIS in Syria. It is a fierce enemy of both those Islamist groups as well as Jabhat Al-Nusra, but embraces independent rebel forces and 'non-Jihadi' units. Their graduation ceremony for  trainee soldiers in the Ghouta suburb of Damascus was attended by the militants' leadership who watch proudly as their troops march in perfect unison across the expanse. Jaysh Al-Islam is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush who addresses the thousands of armed soldiers and tanks once they have assembled on the vast concrete ground below. Joining forces: Jaysh Al-Islam was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime . Armed: Soldiers rested on the Army of Islam's many tanks (pictured) as their leaders commanded them to 'continue to wage Jihad' Commander: The group is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush (pictured), who is considered one of the most powerful leaders in rebel-held Syria . Fierce: His fighters, who marched in perfect unison in Damascus, are waging a battle against ISIS in Syria and have reportedly attacked their headquarters in the Lebanese city of Arsal . The Salafist leader is considered one of the most power military chiefs in rebel-held Syria and called for the 'cleansing' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus. He says to his soldiers: 'Today, legions of Mujahadin, stand in readiness to raise the banner of Allah, uphold his words, move forward to fight and defend his religion. 'Know paradise is waiting for us since we either achieve victory or die in honour... So take your strength from Allah and wage Jihad in the cause of your Lord. 'We will leave these fields in which we finished our course and preparation and we will continue waging Jihad.' He refers to their enemies, which include Islamic State and Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad's troops, as the 'dirtiest and most despicable enemies of Allah'. In February, Aloush tweeted that his insurgents had ambushed Islamic State's fighters at their headquarters in the Lebanese city of Arsal, according to reports by AL Monitor. Might: Their incredible show of strength in their Damascus stronghold of Ghouta included a fleet of armoured tanks . Deadly: That was followed by a series of choreographed drills from its masked special forces units who - unlike their comrades - dressed entirely in black . Force: The graduation ceremony was held for Jaysh Al-Islam's trainee soldiers who stood to attention as fleets of armoured vehicles drove past . They allegedly 'killed and wounded three and took out the eye of a fourth person' in what was reportedly their first act of aggression outside of Syrian territory. His tweets also indicated the group - which is widely known for its links to Saudi Arabia - was prepared to carry out military attacks outside Syria. AL Monitor claimed his tweets referenced ISIS's expansion in the Ghouta and Qalamoun suburbs of Damascus which it controls. He said the attack in Arsal was retaliation for the bombing Islamic State carried out on its headquarters in the Ghouta suburb.^Jaysh Al-Islam fights against government soldiers in Syrian city of Damascus . Made up of around '60 rebel factions', it also opposes Islamist groups like ISIS . Held the 'largest military parade witnessed' since start of the Syrian revolution . Saudi Arabia is 'funding the group with millions of dollars in arms and training'
The world's largest cattle station is for sale, and it's larger than Israel. According to the ABC, the largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it's bigger than Israel . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way. Other stations for sale in Queensland include Durham Downs, Durrie, Glengyle, Morney Plains, Naryilco and Rockybank. Western Australia offers Innamincka, Macumba and Tungali in South Australia; Helen Springs in the Northern Territory and Ruby Plains. 'This is a world class asset of international significance,' rural valuer from Colliers International, Alex Thamm said. S. Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff . In total, the stations cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them . 'With cattle prices, our trade agreements with Asia and the low Australian dollar, it is a very good time to be selling the Kidman business.' Mr Thamm explains that an offer like this is extremely rare, especially since the business has been kept through generations of the same family. 'To offer this property, walk-in walk-out inclusive of the cattle, plant and equipment, and the business generally, is a good move in the market place,' he said. S. Kidman and Co's headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff. The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia's exports. The sale is being handled by Ernst and Young Adelaide.^The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock . S.Kidman and Co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across Australia . In total, they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge  with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club. An emotional Klopp said: 'As a person, I would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.' Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . An emotional Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager . Klopp will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 . Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion . The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club . Klopp leaves the press conference after confirming his departure as Dortmund boss in the summer . Klopp was alongside chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke (left) and sporting director Michael Zorc (right) After the press conference, Klopp joined the Dortmund squad for a training session . Klopp speaks to the players in training, shortly after making the announcement he would be leaving the club . Dortmund are preparing for their home Bundesliga match with Paderborn at the weekend . Klopp issues instructions to his defender Mats Hummels during Wednesday's training session . Klopp, wearing a club tracksuit and baseball cap, cuts a lonely figure on the training ground . A downcast Klopp during Dortmund's 3-1 loss to Borussia Monchengladbach at the weekend . Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp . He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion following a difficult season in which Dortmund have flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga. Klopp said: 'I don't think of it as a load off my shoulders. I'm not tired, even though I look like this. 'I have had no contact with another club, but I am not planning a sabbatical.' Klopp has long been linked with a move to the English top flight and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. Bookmakers immediately installed Manchester City as the favourites to secure Klopp's services though the club insist they have no interest in him. Speculation has mounted that Manuel Pellegrini will be sacked in the summer after City's season unravelled, with Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola another name linked with the Etihad Stadium job. Dejected Dortmund players Neven Subotic, Mats Hummels, Sokratis and Ciro Immobile after Saturday's loss . The season has been one of struggle for Dortmund, who flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . April 18 Paderborn (H) April 25 Eintracht Frankfurt (H) April 28 Bayern Munich (A) DFB-Pokal Semi-final . May 2 Hoffenheim (A) May 9 Hertha Berlin (H) May 16 Wolfsburg (A) May 23 Werder Bremen (H) Reflecting on the need for a change, Klopp said: 'I am sure that the decision is absolutely right. This team deserves to have the absolutely one hundred per cent right coach. 'I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change. A major problem certainly is - as long as I'm here, we are always considering the successes of the past.' Klopp will not be severing all ties with the club, however, saying that he has already reserved three season tickets for the next campaign. Before the press confernece, Klopp embraced club CEO Watzke, who said: 'We had talks with Jurgen in the last days and came to the mutual decision that the way will end at the end of the season. 'It has been difficult for us because we have a very special relationship with each other. You can be certain that all the Borussen will forever be thankful to you.' Klopp shakes hands with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before their Champions League tie in November . The news about Klopp's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . Bundesliga 2010-11, 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013, 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011, 2012 . KLOPP'S RECORD AT DORTMUND . Pld 309 W 175 D 67 L 67 Win % 56.63 . An equally emotional Dortmund sporting manager Michael Zorc told Klopp: 'I think we wrote a modern fairytale in the last years with you as the key figure, Jurgen. 'Everyone at BVB, especially the players, should give you the send-off you deserve in the next weeks.' In his time at the Westfalenstadion, he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup, as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013. Bild reported that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel, 41, is in the frame to take over though Watzke was not prepared to comment on Klopp's successor. Although Klopp is contracted to Dortmund until 2018, he is seeking a new challenge following a difficult season in which the club have struggled for form. Sitting in 10th position, Dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders Bayern Munich. But even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks. They suffered further embarrassment in the Champions League, beaten 3-0 at home by Juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat. Bild claimed the relationship between Klopp and bosses Watzke and Zorc has become increasingly strained. Bild also claim that Zorc met with Tuchel back in April 2014 amid speculation that Klopp was set to join a Premier League club then. 15/8 - Man City . 11/2 - Real Madrid . 6/1 - Arsenal . 6/1 - Liverpool . 7/1 - Barcelona . 10/1 - Chelsea . 10/1 - Bayern Munich . 12/1 - Man United . 17/1 - Everton . 33/1 - Southampton . 33/1 - Atletico Madrid . 45/1 - Newcastle . 45/1 - West Ham . Odds courtesy of Paddy Power, correct at time of publication .^Jurgen Klopp's seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund will end on June 30 . Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany . Klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break . Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed news in press conference . The 47-year-old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs . Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there . Klopp: 'I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change'
It has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same. Now the Green party has set it to music, with a new election advert featuring David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. The video begins with 'David Cameron' playing a white grand piano, with 'Ed Miliband' looking on . It sees Mr Cameron entering a polling booth and telling voters how 'a vote for me's the same as a vote for any of us guys' The advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration . The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition. According to the Green party, the quartet 'sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking'. It sees Mr Cameron tell voters how 'a vote for me's the same as a vote for any of us guys'. The chorus includes the lyrics: 'It's sweeter when we all agree, a party political harmony. Lose your voting inhibitions. Join the one true coalition.' It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians, with the verse: 'The choice between us couldn't be clearer, Oxford! Cambridge! Diversity for ya, Whether it's Trident or High Speed Two, The lesser of four evils is up to you.' Notably the video, which last 3minutes, 40 seconds, does not feature Green leader Natalie Bennett at all. With the party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition, the video is complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change . Dancing around a large pound sign, the four leaders are shown singing: 'Austerity! Austerity! Austerity!' Green party leader Natatlie Bennett said she wanted to show how the Establishment parties 'have been singing from the same hymn sheet' The chorus includes the lyrics: 'It's sweeter when we all agree, a party political harmony. Lose your voting inhibitions. Join the one true coalition' She has suffered a series of difficult media appearances in recent weeks, including claiming people who join ISIS should not be criminalised, struggling to make her housing sums add up and admitting it could take decades to implement her 'citizen's income'. Despite the gaffes, the Green party has enjoyed a sharp rise in popularity in the last year and now boasts more members than both the Lib Dems and Ukip. Unveiling the new advert, Ms Bennett said: 'For many years the Establishment parties have been singing from the same hymn sheet. 'The Westminster consensus – which sees all other parties sign up to austerity economics, privatisation of our public services and inaction on climate change – is coming to an end. The Green Party is offering a real alternative to business-as-usual politics. 'We want an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means bringing in a Living Wage of £10 an hour by 2020 and fair taxes on rich individuals and Britain's biggest corporations. 'Voting Green on May 7th is a chance for people to play their part in breaking open the political harmony of the Establishment parties.'^Advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named Coalition . Greens claim main parties are all 'singing from the same hymn sheet' Mocks Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip for agreeing on austerity . The film will first be broadcast at 5.55pm on Thursday night on BBC2 .
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago, scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales. Now, fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. This image shows the right lateral view of the skull of Nanokogia isthmia . Although why this is so remains a mystery. While many whales, dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record, enabling scientists to understand their evolution, there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales, which are capable of navigating the ocean deep underwater. Now an international team of scientists, led by the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County has discovered a new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale, called Nanokogia isthmia, which clarifies key aspects of the evolution of these  animals. The  well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama. The find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans. This is the evolutionary tree of sperm whales showing links between extinct and living species, and when the spermaceti organ changed shape . The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution of the sperm whale. In contrast modern sperm whales (a stock image is shown) are much larger than their extinct relatives . The sperm whale is the largest of the toothed whales and the largest toothed predator. It's only one of three living species in the sperm whale family, along with the pygmy sperm whale and dwarf sperm whale. Mature males reach an average length of 52 ft (16 metres) with their head making up one third of their length. They mostly dine on squid and swim to depths of 7,380 FT (2,250 metres) to hunt for prey. They are the second deepest diving mammal, following only Cuvier's beaked whale. The sperm whale's clicking vocalisation - a form of echolocation and communication - can be as loud as 230 decibels underwater, making it the loudest sound produced by any animal. It has the largest brain of any animal on Earth, more than five times heavier than a human's and can live for more than 60 years. It reveals an unexpected level of complexity in the evolution of the spermaceti, which is an organ located within the head that plays a key role in the generation of sound and in the whale’s capacity for echolocation. The study, published in the journal Plos One, shows that at one time small sperm whales measuring  around seven feet (two metres in length) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size than  modern day relatives. It got downsized at least twice during their evolutionary history, including the evolutionary event that gave origin to the living pygmy and dwarf sperm whales. Lead researcher Dr Jorge Velez-Juarbe said: ‘The new discovery gives us a better understanding of the ancient distribution of these poorly known relatives of the sperm whale. ‘Previously we knew of similarly-aged pygmy and dwarf whales from Baja California and Peru, but this new fossil fills in an important geographic gap in the group’s ancient distribution.’ He added: 'Our study is part of a larger scientific effort aimed at understanding the changes in the marine habitats that resulted from the complete closure of the Isthmus of Panama,' referring to the separation between the eastern Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea that took place sometime within the last 10 million years. The new fossil is known from the well-preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama, shown on this map . The fossils show that at one time small sperm whales measuring  around seven feet (two metres in length) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size. A dorsal view of the fossilised skull is shown .^Team of scientists discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale . Seven million-year-old Nanokogia isthmia bones were found in Panama . Suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution . Today's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .
Teachers are set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. Many children are not ready to sit down and do  reading, writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five, according to the National Union of Teachers (NUT). At its annual conference in Harrogate, it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times. Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . It is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming', depriving youngsters of their 'fundamental human right to play' with their classmates. A resolution due to be put forward at the conference says: 'Primary schools are now being driven more and more towards a test and accountability culture which in turn makes them drive children of primary age to be educated in a formal way.' It goes on to suggest learning through play is known to help youngsters develop vital communication and social skills and that 'over-formalisation of learning can cause disaffection with school'. The motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) 'to reflect the needs of the children'. Speaking ahead of the conference, NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the 'formal sitting down' and 'come on let's do some work stage'' before they are seven. 'There is a question about whether we're expecting children to do things they're not developmentally ready for,' she said. The resolution, set to be heard on Saturday, also says: 'Lunchtime and break times are being used for coaching and cramming sessions, thus depriving primary age children of their fundamental human right to play and have free time to socialise with their peers.' The motion calls on the NUT to support play  for five to seven-year-olds 'to reflect the needs of the children' The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child says children have the right to play and rest, it adds. Ms Blower said: 'In Finland, there are 45-minute lessons and then they have a break. Between each teaching session they have a break. One thing about our children is that, relatively speaking, they are rushed from pillar to post. Not so much in primary school, but in secondary school. 'Having a break between lessons gives a bit of space to reflect on the lesson they've just had.' The motion calls on the NUT to campaign in England and Wales for new laws to ensure children have a right to appropriate breaks and lunchtimes. The resolution comes amid growing debate over what children should learn, with politicians and education experts increasingly calling for schools to teach values such character, teamwork and resilience alongside academic subjects.^Teachers say pupils not ready for 'formal sitting down stage' before seven . Play helps children develop communication and social skills, they believe . Want to follow lead of Finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons . Union to ask for more play time at its conference in Harrogate this weekend .
A mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man. Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying  20st 3lb. However, the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions. Kim Callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight . Kim's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight. Before she slimmed down Kim's wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure-hiding garments, and she was afraid she was losing her femininity. Kim who lives in Ardee, County Louth, Ireland, says she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape. 'I only wore baggy trousers and flappy shirts when I was fat - I was trying to cover up my body because I was embarrassed. I stopped looking like a woman. 'Now I've slimmed down and I feel confident enough to wear dresses again. I feel healthy and very feminine.' Kim married her husband Sean Callaghan, 41, in 1999. After the pair got married they splashed out on a double deep-fat fryer. Kim piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children, as she became heavier she worried that her husband Sean would not see her as the 'sexy' woman he married . Before her weight loss Kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 . The housewife's diet consisted mainly of convenience foods like chicken kiev, deep-fried chicken, potato croquettes and burgers. She said: 'We loved pizza, chips and chicken kievs. The deep fat fryer was my favourite thing in the house.' Soon after Kim gave birth to her children Owen, now 14, and Shannon, 13, and her weight gain accelerated. Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her. The turning point came for Kim when she struggled to keep up with her children she now takes part in regular exercise including cycling around her local area . Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks . 'I tried to take pride in my appearance, but at that size it was impossible to find anything flattering, I ordered all my clothes from catalogues. 'Before long I had a wardrobe which could have been owned by a man. I had a signature cropped hairstyle and honestly looked nothing like a woman. I was worried that the the sexy, curvy bride which Sean had married had disappeared forever.' The turning point came for Kim when she was out with her children on St Patrick's Day in 2011. She had to stop and rest after struggling to keep up. She said: 'I was trying to follow the kids up a hill near our home. I was hot and sweaty and I had to stop to catch my breath. 'My weight was getting in the way of my life with my kids - I knew it was time to change. 'When I got home that night I found a Slimming World leaflet had been posted through my door. I thought it was a sign.' Kim started attending her local Slimming World classes in secret and was initially embarrassed to admit she was trying to lose weight. She said: 'It took all my courage to go to the meetings - I was convinced everyone would judge me. Kim feels far more feminine now that she is not limited to catalogue clothing . 'Three weeks later I'd shed a stone and I celebrated by telling my husband and the kids. They were all very supportive and amazed at what I had done.' In a bid to make a dramatic change she swapped greasy fried foods for healthy meals cooked from scratch. Kim even threw out her double deep-fat-fryer. The devoted slimmer also started running and cycling - and the pounds started to fall off. Soon she had slimmed down to the slinky 9st 10lb she is today and ditched her baggy unflattering clothes for good. She said: 'I love being able to go into shops and have everything fit me. I don't need to order from catalogues any more. 'I feel fantastic and I look great. I have a new life now.' Breakfast: Nothing . Lunch: Fry-up with four slices of buttered bread . Dinner: Chicken Kiev with potato croquettes and chips . Snacks: Crisps . Breakfast: Porridge with berries . Lunch: Scrambled eggs with ham and mushrooms . Dinner: Chicken stir-fry . Snacks: Throughout the day she snacks on yoghurt and fresh fruit .^Kim Callaghan, from Ireland, piled on the pounds after having children . Limited to size 28 clothing Kim, 39, worried she resembled a man . She joined Slimming World and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st .
It was heralded as the world’s oldest musical instrument; a bone with two holes in it seemingly made by Neanderthals to serenade their companions. But now a study says it’s not an instrument at all - but rather, simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave. The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and, in fact, all such ‘instruments’ attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals. A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The bone is shown here, believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe, on show in Ljubljana. The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia . The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences. In a paper published in the Royal Society of Open Science, he took a look at several ‘musical instruments’ that had been attributed to Neanderthals. Neanderthals may have created and worn the world's first jewellery 130,000 years ago, according to scientists. Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet. The claws bear multiple cut marks, notches and signs that they had been polishing by the Neanderthals that once inhabited the site where they were found. Anthropologists at the University Kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in Europe. The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as. One in particular, the Divje Babe Flute, is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Dr Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed. In most caves, carnivore damage like this can be seen in about 20 per cent of animal remains and 80 per cent of bear cub remains. But while adult remains were often ‘crushed to pieces’, bear cubs often had certain patterns like this. ‘These are not instruments, nor human made, but products of the most important cave bear scavengers of Europe, hyenas,’ Dr Diedrich wrote. ‘Hyenas left bones in repeating similar tooth mark and crush damage stages, demonstrating a butchering/bone cracking strategy. ‘Hyenas produced round-oval puncture marks in cub femora only by the bone-crushing premolar teeth of both upper and lower jaw.’ One instrument in particular, the Divje Babe Flute, is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park (shown) near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia . The latest analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago, rather than Neanderthals. Shown is an exhibit of the life of a Neanderthal family in a cave in the Neanderthal Museum in the northern town of Krapina in Croatia . The first ‘Neanderthal flutes’ were discovered in Slovenia in the 1920s and, since then, many others have been identified. Sadly for those who thought Neanderthals might have played music in this way to one another, though, it seems the earlier analysis may have been wrong. Shown is the 'Divje Babe flute' bear bone, believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe, in the National Museum in Ljubljana . Dr Diedrich derides all the research that has gone into these bones so far. He also points out that there is no evidence on the bones that tools have been used to make the holes, further cementing the idea they were made by hyena teeth. What’s more, he also said that most of the ‘bone flutes’ do not actually date from Neanderthal times - 200,000 to 30,000 years ago. Rather, he says they can more closely be attributed to the Aurignacian culture 38,000 to 29,000 years ago - sometimes said to be the first modern humans in Europe, owing to their grasp of using tools. ‘The “cave bear cub femora with holes” are, in all cases, neither instruments nor human made at all,’ he concludes. ‘All cave bear pseudo-bone flutes are not dated to Neanderthal Middle Palaeolithic Mousterian layers, but instead, if possible to date, to Late Palaeolithic, Aurignacian/Gravettian layers.’ He added: ‘Hyenas left, therefore, “pseudo-bone flutes” during the Late Middle to Late Pleistocene all over Europe in cave bear dens, and on different cave bear species/subspecies. ‘This is known due to lack of breakage on most of the cave bear cub femora, which generally show additional diagonal zigzag margins (from chewing joints by scissor teeth of hyenas) or have triangular or smaller scratch tooth marks.’^Researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument . Instead he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks . He claims all such instruments were made by hyenas, not Neanderthals . And the bones do not even originate from Neanderthal times .
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence. Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas but a shoulder injury forced the Nottingham world champion to pull out. Instead, Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year. WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch took part in a Poker tournament in Lenton . ‘I’m ticking over, just waiting at the moment,’ Froch told Sportsmail. ‘Chavez is back in action and hopefully he’ll do the business. If he comes through unscathed and he looks impressive then there’s no reason why negotiations can’t start for a fight with me. ‘We’ll see how he looks. He might get knocked out then it would be off the table. ‘We’ll take it from there and I’ll decide what I’m going to do based on how I feel in the gym. ‘It’s a fight that can be made and should be made providing we both want it. I’m prepared to travel to America because I’d like to fight in Las Vegas before I retire.’ Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. (right) in Las Vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury . Froch is still keen to fight in Las Vegas and would be open to travelling to America to fight Chavez . Carl Froch took part in the £1m guaranteed Main Event at the PokerStars UK & Ireland Poker Tour. To find out more about upcoming stops of the tour, please visit: PokerStars.com .^Injury forced Carl Froch to withdraw from bout with Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . Instead, Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday night . The WBA super-middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2. England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane (circled) has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper's bottom-right corner . German referee Marija Kurtes officiating a women's Bundesliga match in Munich last month . Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson, who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway, earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards. Norway are second in the group following an impressive 8-1 win against Northern Ireland, but crucially have a slightly inferior goal difference meaning the spot-kick will give England a place in the European Championship finals in Israel. The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal after the referee had wrongly denied England the opportunity to retake the penalty during Saturday's match following encroachment. England midfielder Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal. However, instead of ordering it to be retaken, 28-year-old Kurtes - who was named Referee of the Year by the German Football Association (DFB) in 2014 - wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway. According to the laws of the game, a penalty should be retaken if it entered the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick. England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . April 4 - England 1-2 Norway (Match to be replayed from 96th min on April 9 at 9:45pm) April 4 - Switzerland 1-0 Northern Ireland . April 6 - Norway 2-0 Switzerland . April 6 - England 9-1 Northern Ireland . April 9 - Switzerland 1-3 England . April 9 - Northern Ireland 1-8 Norway . A scene of apparent confusion followed England's wild celebrations as Kurtes explained her decision. Williamson had grabbed back the ball to retake the penalty and placed it on the penalty spot before realising an indirect free-kick had been awarded. Two Norwegian players then embraced as they celebrated the decision. A UEFA statement read: 'The UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body has ordered the match to be replayed. 'The replay of the match should be carried out as follows: . 'The match will be replayed from the minute the penalty kick was awarded to the Football Association at the European Women's Under-19 Championship 2015 match between England vs Norway played on April 4, 2015, and extended according to the discretion of the referee. 'The penalty kick shall be retaken by the Football Association. 'According to the Laws of the Game (Law 14), a team-mate of the player taking the kick infringes the Laws of the Game: . - the referee allows the kick to be taken . - if the ball enters the goal, the kick is retaken . - if the ball does not enter the goal, the referee stops play and the match is restarted with an indirect free kick to the defending team from the place where the infringement occurred . 'As the ball entered the goal, the kick should have been re-taken. Thus the CDEB ordered that the remaining time of the match should be replayed in accordance with article 6 (e) and 7 (2) of the disciplinary regulations. Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . Jenna Dear (right) scores with a header as England inched closer to European Championship qualification . 'The match is scheduled to take place at the Seaview Stadium in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45pm local time with another referee. 'Teams must field the same players which were on the pitch at that moment. Any of these players can take the penalty kick.' An FA spokesperson said: 'After England Women U19s' match against Norway on Saturday, April 4, the FA lodged an appeal to UEFA following a disallowed penalty. 'Due to an incorrect application of the game's laws by the match referee, UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty. 'The remainder of the match will be played on Thursday at 9.45pm at the same stadium – Seaview, Belfast.' Williamson is congratulated by her England team-mates after scoring past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot . Former Everton and England captain Mo Marley is head coach of the national women's U19 team . Although it will only last 18 seconds, officials, stewards and paramedics will all be required to attend. Admission is free. England, coached by former national captain Mo Marley, were 2-0 down to Norway on Saturday before substitute Ayane pulled one back in the 87th minute to give her side hope of claiming a point. However, Wiliiamson's penalty was disallowed and the match ended in defeat. England brushed off the disappointment on Monday, though, with a 9-1 win against Northern Ireland. Both England and Norway must start the match with the same 11 players who finished Saturday's match. However, a different player can take the penalty. The decision further complicates the already complex qualification process for July's finals after UEFA had announced that Norway had sealed their place. After an initial qualifying round last year, the Elite Round is comprised of six groups of four teams playing at locations across Europe. The six group winners and best-placed runner-up - decided by the best record against the first and third-placed teams in the groups - go through to join hosts Israel at the showpiece event in July. England women's senior head coach Mark Sampson tweeted: 'Difficult circumstances for our @england U19. I have been proud that in challenging circumstances you have conducted yourselves superbly & represented your country with great pride. 'Regardless of final outcome you should be very proud. We are very proud of you.' September 2005 - World Cup qualifier - Uzbekistan vs Bahrain . Uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the Asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching. Rather than retaking the penalty, an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida to Bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin. Uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after FIFA ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid. It proved to have a major impact as it was Bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory, though they were later beaten in the AFC-CONCACAF play-off. Bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in an Asian World Cup qualifier in 2005 .^UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed . England will resume the match against Norway from the penalty spot . The Elite Round qualifier resumes in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45pm . Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England's penalty on Saturday . England were 2-1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute . German Kurtes, 28, has been sent home following her error . Three Lions earn 3-1 victory against Switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for European Championship qualification . Norway beat Northern Ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in Group 4 . It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA . Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident . READ: Graham Poll's expert verdict on UEFA's bizarre decision .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu. French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid's players were given from their supporters, who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation. 'Live from the bus before the match! A huge thank you for your support,' Varane wrote with the video. VIDEO - Scroll down to see Real Madrid's welcoming from their fans . Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid . Supporters lit flares and banged on the windows to encourage their team against Atletico . Real defender Varane filmed the footage of the supporters as the team arrived to play Atletico . Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Madrid in the 88th minute against Atletico to win the tie . The atmosphere inside the Santiago Bernabeu meant the iconic stadium resembled a furnace upon kick-off, but Atletico provided stubborn resistance to Real. It wasn't until Hernandez struck in the 88th minute, converting a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese star drove through Atletico's defence, that Madrid sealed a 1-0 aggregate triumph. Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Spanish rivals Barcelona, Serie A's runaway leaders Juventus or Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in the semi-finals. The draw takes place on Friday.^Real Madrid eliminated Atletico Madrid from the Champions League . Javier Hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for Real Madrid . Raphael Varane filmed fans as Madrid arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu . READ: Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final . Who will win the Champions League? Our reporters have their say...
An Ohio stadium that hosted rock and roll legends and football games for decades after it was built during the Second World War now sits abandoned and in the midst of decay in the northeast corner of the Buckeye State. The Rubber Bowl in Akron, which hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin, has been basically unused for more than five years. In addition to serving as a concert venue, the stadium also functioned as the home of the University of Akron's football team, the Zips, for more than 65 years. Scroll down for video . The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years . The Rubber Bowl hosted acts such as Three Dog Night, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper and Jon Bon Jovi . The City of Akron owned the Rubber Bowl after it was built, but let the university purchase the title to the stadium for just $1 in 1971 . The Rubber Bowl hosted 310 UA football contests, 19 preseason Cleveland Browns' games and a regular-season NFL game in 1952 . Members of Metallica and Van Halen on the Monsters of Rock Tour in 1988 stopped at the Rubber Bowl in Akron (pictured) The team played its first game at the stadium in 1940, the year after it was built, and finished their season there in November of 2008 against the University of Buffalo, the Akron Beacon Journal reported. The university purchased the title to the Rubber Bowl from the City of Akron for the price of $1 in 1971. The Rubber Bowl hosted 310 UA football contests, 19 preseason Cleveland Browns' games, a regular-season NFL game in 1952 and over 1,500 high school games, according to FootballPark.com. It also hosted other events including wrestling, soccer matches and the circus. There were originally hopes the stadium could also hold events like Easter sunrise services, pageants, light operas, musicals, conventions, track meets, bicycle races, midget auto races, softball tournaments, exhibition tennis tournaments, rodeos, Mardi Gras festivals, winter carnivals and ice hockey. The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium. It has has sat empty ever since, Cleveland.com reported. During the 1972 performance by the Rolling Stones at the Rubber Bowl, Mick Jagger 'hopped around like a Hopi Indian' one reviewer said . Bands like Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin also have played there . The pictures of how the Rubber Bowl looks now were taken by photographer Seph Lawless as part of his Autopsy of America project . Lawless, a Cleveland native, has been traveling and using his camera to document abandoned parts of America for the last several years . The Zips first played at the stadium in 1940, the year after it was built, and finished their season there in November of 2008 against Buffalo . The pictures of how the Rubber Bowl looks now were taken by photographer Seph Lawless, a Cleveland native. He has been traveling and documenting abandoned parts of America for the last several years as part of a project called Autopsy of America. Lawless told Daily Mail Online: 'I've been to a lot of abandoned areas of the country but nothing is more surreal than being inside the larger abandoned structures. 'It's like being in an episode of  The Walking Dead. 'It often feels like the world has ended and you're the only person left and somehow I'm ok with that feeling. 'It's almost peaceful. Lawless didn't make it to see the Rolling Stones at the Rubber Bowl in 1972, but he was there 16 years later for the Monsters of Rock Tour featuring Van Halen, Metallica and the Scorpions in 1988. He said: 'I remember going here to see my very first rock and roll concert to watch Metallica perform, which was amazing. 'Hearing live music outdoors in a venue like this was part of the rock and roll experience... the scent of cigarettes and spilled beer. 'When Metallica performed their song Fade to Black, everyone held lighters up. 'It was so intense you could just feel the heat. 'That night people could see the Rubber Bowl from outer space. It was out of this world.' The UA Zips left the stadium in 2009 and moved into InfoCision Stadium. It has been sitting empty and falling into disrepair ever since . Art Garfunkel (left) and Paul Simon (right) of Simon and Garfunkel answer questions at a press conference at the stadium in July of 1983 . The Toledo Rockets are seen running onto the turf during a college football game between their school and Akron Zips in 2008 . Bob Waterfield played quarterback for the Cleveland Rams in 1945 when the team faced the Philadelphia Eagles at the Rubber Bowl . In addition to hosting rock concerts and football games, the Rubber Bowl has housed events like wrestling, soccer and even the circus . The Rubber Bowl, which cost about $550,000 to build, was sold to Team1 Properties  for $38,000 in 2013. The group's plan to refurbish the stadium into a home for a United States Football League team fell apart, but there is still hope for the Rubber Bowl. Bill Dunn, vice president of marketing for Team 1 said: 'We are going to put it back where it was, but with all the updated amenities. 'Those photos really show the worst parts of the stadium. 'Most of the damage is cosmetic.' Dunn added that the stadium's structure is still sound and it could be open and running within six to eight months. There were originally hopes the stadium could host events like Easter sunrise services, pageants, light operas, musicals and conventions . Rubber Bowl backers also thought it could hold track meets, bicycle races, midget auto races, softball tournaments rodeos and ice hockey . The Rubber Bowl, which cost about $550,000 to build, was sold to Team1 Properties for $38,000 in 2013 and it is supposed to be redone . The group's plan to refurbish the stadium into a home for a United States Football League team fell apart, but there is still hope . The vice president of marketing for Team 1 said the stadium's structure is still sound and it could be open and running within six months .^The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, built in 1939 and served as home for the University of Akron's football team . The Zips played at the field for more than 65 years before finishing their run there with a game in November of 2008 . The stadium, which can hold more than 35,000 people, was sold to Team1 Properties for $38,000 in 2013 . Group wanted to refurbish the stadium into a home for a United States Football League team but plan fell apart .
Manager Arsene Wenger is convinced something is finally happening at Arsenal again - and everyone can 'smell' it. The Gunners romped to a 4-1 win over Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium in Saturday's lunchtime kick-off, which was a seventh successive Barclays Premier League victory and moved them up into second place. While Manchester City could reclaim second by beating Crystal Palace on Monday and the title looks out of reach as Chelsea remain seven points ahead with a match in hand, there is no doubt when Wenger has all of his squad available Arsenal are capable of giving anyone a run for their money. Right back Hector Bellerin gave Arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling into the corner to get things going at the Emirates Stadium . Bellerin broke the Emirates deadlock for Arsenal, cutting in from his native right-hand side and curling a left-foot strike into the corner . Although there was disappointment at failure to progress in Europe following elimination by Monaco, the prospect of an improved league finish and successful FA Cup defence remains very much on the agenda. Wenger, who was often criticised over the direction of his team following almost a decade without a trophy, feels finally things are starting to come together. 'We have a good mentality and good cohesion in the team,' he said. 'There is something happening, that shows you that they are ready to fight for each other. Mesut Ozil is congratulated by his team-mates after his magnificent free-kick on the half hour mark put Arsenal fully in control of the game . 'You can see that, you can't cheat on that, people smell that. 'It of course is a good basis, and defensively we are getting better.' Following a poor start to the campaign, Arsenal were expected to struggle to sustain a place in the top four. Wenger, though, will not get complacent. 'I am old enough to know that things are never as comfortable as they look, but what is true is that it's in our hands. How well we deal with the situation now will be important,' he said. Alexis Sanchez celebrates with Olivier Giroud after his stunning strike from just outside the penalty area made it 3-0 to Arsenal in the first half . Wenger has his sights set on getting as close to Chelsea as possible, with the leaders set to come to the Emirates Stadium on April 26. 'I am a competitor and what that means is you have to go as high and as far as you can. When you go home if somebody was better than us, then 'well done', but we have to have given our best until the end and that is what I would like to do,' he said. 'Let's give everything to do it and see what happens. But Olivier Giroud ended any hopes of a Liverpool comeback by smashing in a fantastic fourth for Arsenal in stoppage time . 'We are in a good position, with four games at home and only three away. 'We are on a good run, so I would say that it will be down to how we can maintain that focus and level of urgency between now and the end of the season.' After failing to make the most of their positive start on Saturday, Arsenal had to soak up some pressure from Liverpool, with Raheem Sterling failing to capitalise when put in on goal. A huge flag is waved as Nacho Monreal and Giroud are among the first team-mates to congratulate the unlikely opening goalscorer . The Gunners finally broke the deadlock through the unlikely source of full-back Hector Bellerin, who slotted home a fine left-foot curling effort on 37 minutes. It proved the catalyst for an onslaught, with Mesut Ozil's free-kick and a rocket by Alexis Sanchez on the stroke of half-time effectively ending the contest. After Arsenal's tempo dropped, Liverpool reduced the arrears with a penalty from Jordan Henderson, but following the dismissal of Emre Can for a second yellow card, Olivier Giroud cracked home a late fourth to cap a memorable afternoon's work. Sanchez got in on the goalscoring act just before half-time, finding space outside the box to smash a drive over the head of keeper Mignolet . Wenger admits he has been impressed by the work-rate of both Bellerin and defensive midfielder Francis Coquelin, who were each drafted into the first-team as cover for injury, but are now an integral part of the side. Asked if either man was in his thoughts at the start of the season, Wenger said: 'Honestly, no. But my job is to remain open-minded and make decisions when you have to. '(I picked Bellerin against Liverpool) because of his pace. 'I thought (Daniel) Sturridge would play and then Sterling would have gone on the flank. Francis Coquelin challenges Daniel Sturridge During the Barclays Premier League match  at Emirates Stadium . 'Because of his low centre of gravity, Sterling changes direction very quickly and Hector is short as well.' Wenger added: 'I think you also have to give credit to players who get less, such as Coquelin. 'In the first half he broke up many attacks in a convincing way. 'But honestly I couldn't say that in my head (at the start of the season) Coquelin was one of the first-choice players.'^Arsenal maintained they superb run of form by thumping Liverpool . Arsene Wenger's side moved into second place following the 4-1 victory . Wenger believes everyone can 'smell' what is happening at the Emirates . However, French manager is refusing to get complacent with their form .
(CNN)The onslaught on Houthis rebels in Yemen continued Tuesday, with the Saudi-led coalition asserting increasing control while locals fled the chaos and casualties piled up -- dozens of civilians among them. Five days after their first airstrikes, the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of Yemen's longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh, and rendered all but a fraction of air bases and stripes unusable, a Saudi source said. Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade, according to the source. This effort isn't over, including widespread attempts to locate and destroy Scud missiles still in the country, the source said. The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal in Riyadh. "The Houthi militia and agents of the former president -- supported by Iran -- insist to meddle in Yemen, reshuffle the cards, rob the Yemeni will, make a coup against the constitutional legitimacy and reject all peaceful solutions," al-Faisal said, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency. "We are not warmongers," he added. "But if war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them." The airstrikes -- the latest focused around Aden, Taiz and coastal cities -- come at a cost, and not just to Houthi rebel fighters. The International Red Cross said that intense fighting had brought "disturbing reports of civilian casualties," with some of the worst violence around the port city of Aden. Erich Ogoso, a spokesman with the United Nations' humanitarian agency, reported 182 dead and hundreds more wounded just between last Wednesday and Sunday. Some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week,  many health facilities shut down and food prices have skyrocketed. "Increasing hostilities have led to (the) targeting of schools, health facilities and other social infrastructure," Ogoso said. "... There are reports of damage to residential areas in different cities, and in Aden, minors have reportedly taken part in the fighting on all sides." Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people -- women and children among them, according to aid group Doctors Without Borders. About 1,100 families live in the camp, said U.N.'s humanitarian affairs coordinator for Yemen, Johannes Van Der Klaauw. "They are," he said, "among the most vulnerable people in Yemen." Yemen has been in disarray for some time, beset by widespread poverty and insecurity. Those factors helped terror groups like al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula find homes in the Arab nation, but didn't help its 26 million citizens in their quest for peace and prosperity. The instability escalated as the Houthis, a minority group long marginalized in Yemen, increasingly challenged the government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi (who in 2012 took over for Saleh, who had been in power for 33 years). The Houthis began moving into Sanaa in September, then headed into Aden earlier this month -- advancing despite intermittent (and, time and again, unsuccessful) talks aimed a peaceful political solution to the unrest. Things finally came to a head last week, with Hadi -- who claims to still be President, even though the Houthis control government institutions -- left Yemen. At roughly the same time, Saudi Arabia and its allies came in with force to support Hadi, who they say remains Yemen's legitimate leader. The burgeoning conflict threatened to open a wider rift, not just in the region but in the Muslim world. That's because the Saudis have painted the Houthis as tools of Iran's government, an accusation that also reflects the fact Saudi Arabia (and their allies in the coalition) are predominantly Sunni Muslims, while Iran and the Houthis are Shiites. The state-run Saudi Press Agency quoted Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs Prince Saud al-Faisal as saying Tuesday that he would not condemn Iran, but would instead test the country's intentions "by extending our hands to it as a Muslim neighbor to open a new page." If those two countries could achieve real cooperation, it could ease the pressures that are tearing Yemen apart. On the other side, Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian said that officials in his country and Saudi Arabia can help bring about a "political solution" in Yemen, according to Iran's state-run Press TV, citing AFP. If they don't, war could inflame the entire region. "We strongly object to the military solution in Yemen," Amir-Abdollahian said, reiterating a view made by other Iranian officials. "We believe that the Saudi military attack against Yemen is a strategic mistake."^Saudi minister: "If war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them" U.N. official: At least 182 killed in the past week, including civilians .
It's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside. In the springtime, the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing British weather. Cotton dresses, cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least June for an appearance. Scroll down for video . Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram . So what to do if you want to embrace summer style now, but keep away from the shops for another couple of months? Fortunately, there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current - and all you need is a pair of pliers, a glue gun and some scissors. UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style, without breaking the bank. Read on to find out the DIY tips for making your clothes up to date... Lily models her updated dress, complete with necklace collar . Evening glam . Perfect for a night out with the girls, give your trusty little black dress a gorgeous splash of glam that captures this season’s catwalk style by using an old necklace to create a stunning jewelled collar effect. Use pliers to separate the necklace into individual jewels, position the pieces around the collar and simply use a glue gun to attach, instantly adding ‘the glam factor’ as seen on Matthew Williamson and House of Holland collections this Spring. Off-duty pastels . Dip-dye is big news this season and a subtle dip-dye effect will add a burst of spring colour to any daytime look. Hand dye and a bowl is all that is needed to update last year’s festival staple, the white vest. Carefully dip the first few inches of the vest into your favourite pastel shade and leave to dry. Lily’s top pick is on-trend blush pink and styled with jeans and a leather jacket for a casual daytime look. Lily shows you how to update sunglasses . DIY designer shades . As the sun comes out, it’s time to dust off last year’s sunglasses. For an effortless, high-impact update, take some jewels or artificial flowers and carefully glue these to the brim or sides of the sunglasses in a symmetrical design. Already a  trend seen on the faces of Dolce & Gabbana and Prada catwalk models this season, this simple and cost-effective design will ensure you’re one step ahead of the fashion set . Dare to bare (your knees) You don’t need to buy a new pair of jeans to sport this season’s biggest denim trend – plus worn jeans are softer too so they’re much easier to customise. Cut a rip just above the knee cap and then pull out threads and distress the edges for the perfect laid-back cool look. Team with patterned tights underneath for a fresh take on this look. Hair jewelry . The Les Copains label was among those adorning catwalk hairstyles with statement jewellery, but you don’t need to buy them. Carefully attach old necklace jewels (broken down by pliers) onto hairgrips with glue and leave to dry, to turn a boring hair day into a cute one. Headphone sparkle . In fact, embellishment can be used to spruce up any accessory – take inspiration from Dolce & Gabbana’s bejewelled headphones and add some sparkle to your commute by adding old jewels and diamantes to the outside of your Beats headphones. Fringed boots is a key look for 2015 . Seventies chic . The Seventies look has exploded on to the high street from the catwalks, but instead of going all in with flared jeans and heavy prints, try wearing existing key items in a new way. Channel the vibe with a high waisted skirt (bonus points if it’s the classic Seventies shade of camel), teamed with a tucked in black polo neck. For extra fashion points, cut off the sleeves of the polo neck as seen in Topshop this season for an easy update for spring. Crystal slippers . Take last year’s slipper shoe and update for this season by attaching some studs to them for an edgy spring look. The soft fabric makes it easy to attach them; pierce the fabric with each stud and fold them flat on the inside using pliers to keep them secure and comfortable. Cropped logo T-shirts: Nineties style has been in for a while now, but this year expect to see classic logo T-shirts updated for spring with cut off sleeves and cropped to the waist a la Daisy Lowe. No sewing needed – just don’t be afraid to take your scissors to your favourite old T-shirt! Fringe feet: Fringing has been big for a few seasons now, but this season the must-have is going to be fringing on your feet; take a simple suede tassel in the same shade as your favourite boots and attach using a few stitches. Use thread in the same shade for a seamless look. Faux fur gilet . Spring is the hardest time to style as the weather is so changeable; dig out last year’s faux fur cropped jacket from your wardrobe and unpick the sleeves to create a gilet to throw on over T-shirts for warm, breezy days. Rita Ora was wearing a faux fur gilet in New York in February . Instagram . Pinterest and instagram are the perfect ‘virtual wardrobe’; when you get compliments on outfits or try something new, take a snap and post them to create your own style bible that you can refer to at any time. Just by looking through you’ll probably see something you haven’t worn in a while that’s worth digging out! Colour pop . The classic white shirt is a style staple, but you can add a bit of spring colour simply by swapping the buttons for bright alternatives. Just a few hand sewn stitches can change the entire look with subtle hints of colour. Personalised pumps . With even Prada getting in on the act, personalised footwear is everywhere right now. But you can create your own one-of-a kind look by using a paintbrush to paint fabric dye onto the panels of your favourite Converse or plimsolls. Celebrity dye job . One way to revive hair for the new season is with an ombre style. Rather than transforming your locks with an all-new shade, why not choose pink tips. The flash of colour will refresh locks for spring. Lily Melrose supplied her style hacks in association with Gallo Family Vineyards Moscato. For more information, go to facebook.com/GalloFamilyVineyards .^Stylist Lily Melrose has  imaginative ways to update your wardrobe . UK blogger shares DIY tips to take winter clothes into spring  on the cheap . They include bejewelling sunglasses and fringing boots .
Poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears children may choke -  because they look like Cadbury Mini Eggs. Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'. The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break. Scroll down for video . Poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like Cadbury Mini Eggs (pictured is the Poundland version) The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown 'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg (Cadbury Mini Eggs are pictured) The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown 'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg. Steve Playle, Investigations and Enforcement Manager at Buckinghamshire and Surrey Trading Standards, said: 'These products could very easily be mistaken for Cadbury Mini Eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences. A real Cadbury mini egg (left) is seen against a decorative plastic egg from Poundland . Steve Playle, Investigations and Enforcement Manager at Buckinghamshire and Surrey Trading Standards, said: 'These products could very easily be mistaken for Cadbury Mini Eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences' (Poundland version pictured) 'They could be particularly difficult to remove if lodged in a child's throat because they are made of polystyrene and could mould to the shape of their airway making them difficult to remove in an emergency. 'We welcome the actions of Poundland in taking a potentially dangerous product off the shelves and would urge any parent who has already purchased a pack to keep it away from children. 'Parents should also be wary of similar products being offered for sale over the Easter period at other stores or online.'^Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised  alarm . Officers said they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats .
Gone are the days when Eileen Dover was considered an unfortunate name, with celebrity culture booming like never before, sharing a name with a star can be pretty unlucky, too. Something that New York resident Beyoncé knows about all too well. No, not the legendary singer but another woman who says having the same name as the wife of Jay-Z has caused her grief her entire life. Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé. The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . In a post that has now gone viral on Facebook, Beyonce says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person. 'My family moved this year from Pennsylvania. I was so scared the first day of school that someone would notice me. I wouldn't even adjust my seat because I thought it would make a noise. One time I really had to cough, but I held it in. This was followed with thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem . All expressed their shared pain with Beyoncé after living with unfortunate name clashes . Although this Kaity Perry has inherited an extra 'i' it hasn't prevented her from being the butt of the jokes . 'When the teacher started calling attendance, I got really nervous, because every time people learn my name is Beyoncé, somebody starts singing Single Ladies. And some did, of course. But the second day of school wasn't too bad. Because everyone knew my name.' Her photo was posted on Facebook accompanied with this statement as part of the Humans of New York project. The photo series was created by photographer Brandon Stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories. As well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs . And then there was gaining an embarrassing name through marriage . Tanya's name became slightly more awkward after her career saw her gain a new title . His photos are picking up a lot of interest with his Facebook page already receiving more than 12 million likes, however his photo of Beyoncé has encouraged the biggest reaction. Following its upload the photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names showing their support for Beyoncé. Bridgett Jones wrote: 'If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me about my diary...' referring to the famous chick flick character. People can't resist but turn Abeer's name into an inanimate object . The parents of Merry have no excuse as Christmas was definitely around when she was born . For Jane she received twice as many jibes as bad names run in the family . MaryKate Olsen added: 'Believe me I understand, my name really is Mary Kate Olsen. I get all the Olsen twin jokes you can imagine.' While Kaity Perry says that having an extra 'i' makes no difference: 'I totally understand that since my name is Kaity Perry. If I had a dime for every time someone made a Katy Perry joke I'd be rich!' Macarena Diab chimed in: 'You're not alone! I know the feeling! Can't introduce myself that 2 minutes after people are singing and dancing! And they think they're the first ones to make the connection :P I just try to laugh about it, if it helps :)' (sic) Carolina Ahs gained her bad name once married: 'I was once married; My last name is Ahs, his Hull. We were the Ahs-Hulls...' Tanya Boob Kluck said: 'Beyoncé isn't bad! Try having the last name Boob, and then join the Army as a Private. Yes, Private Boob!' Sharing a name with one of the most-wanted can't be easy . And then there are names that don't exactly trip off the tongue . Many of the users were able to see the funny side of their names . Abeer Khan joined in: 'My name is Abeer Khan. And people won't stop calling me A Beer Can.' Julius Christmas has sympathy for his sibling: 'My sister's name is Merry...We share last names.' Jane Bond's bad name runs in the family: 'Checking in. I have to use my boyfriend's name when making a lot of reservations because people think I'm lying. Then they ask me if my dad's name is James. And it is :(' Osama Siddiqui argued that his name was worse: 'Better than a terrorist.' North11 has opted for an alternative on screen name: 'My full name is Zephaniah Gustavus Park. Don't worry, I was homeschooled.' Those who commented seemed happy to find someone to relate to . Katherine Holmes said: 'Katie Holmes here. Tom Cruise and little Suri are doing great.' Rachel Green is resentful of her name pairing with a Friends character: 'Always being asked if I found my Ross yet...' Serena Williams added: 'Girl you don't know how many people ask me if I play tennis!!' Victoria Elizabeth Beckham is able to laugh at her name: 'Just posh here.' Kelly Rowland knows the feeling all too well: 'I feel you honey!!' Jack Haas accepts his unfortunate name: 'Hey my name pretty much sucks too!' Jim's first and last name pairing must have escaped his parents . Chukwuebuka Okoli added: 'Lol, you're worried about YOUR name' Julia Roberts chirped up: 'I understand this completely :') Although, I am pretty social, I can still be kinda shy. When people learn of my name, they always begin singing "Pretty Woman" so I just sit and laugh. It's funny though, because I actually want to become an actress. Be proud of your name, keep your head up!' Iona McLachlan makes fun of her title: 'I own a car. I own a bike. I own a house. ;)' Kinga Burger envies Beyoncé: 'Better hearing "Single Ladies" than hearing about hamburgers and fries.' Jennifer Lopez breaths a sigh of relief: 'I can relate to this :)' The bottom commenter knows all too well the toils of being names Isis . Will Smith adds: 'Try being called Will Smith.' But Jim Socks thinks he has it worse: 'Try being called Gym Socks :(' Shakira Lamb is sick of being quizzed about her hips: 'I feel your pain! Every time someone hears my name is Shakeira, I get asked if my hips don't lie' Tina Turner shares the embarrassment: 'I know the feeling ;)' Sammy Smith is feeling a sense of relief: 'Feeling better about Sam Smith right now.' Isis d'Ascoli's name has recently fallen out of favour: 'Try being called Isis...' Meghan Griffin shares her name with the Family Guy star: 'The Meg Griffin jokes are endless.' Chris Brown finally pipes up: 'I feel you.' Meghan shares her name with the cartoon character from family guy . Chris Brown knows exactly how Beyoncé feels .^Humans of New York shared a picture of a girl called Beyoncé . She expressed her annoyance of sharing a name with a celebrity . The photo encouraged thousands of Facebook users to comment . Each shared their experiences of having an embarrassing name .
The wedding of the year in Scotland takes place on Saturday when British No 1 and two-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray marries Kim Sears, his girlfriend of almost 10 years, in his hometown of Dunblane. Murray and Sears, both aged 27, met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005. Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel. The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose, their engagement was confirmed last November. Andy Murray kisses his new girlfriend Kim Sears in the crowd after winning his first ATP World Tour title in San Jose in February 2006 . Murray pictured walking alongside Sears on the streets of London during the Wimbledon Championships in June 2006 . Murray watches his brother Jamie in action at London's Queen's Club in June 2007 alongside Sears and mother Judy (left) Murray watches his brother in action  at Wimbledon in 2007 alongside Sears and Carlos Mier (right), who will be one of Murray's three best men . Murray and Sears watching British boxer Amir Khan in action during a title fight at the ExCel Arena in London in February 2008 . Murray and Sears attend the exhibition match held to mark the launch of the new Wimbledon Centre Court roof in May 2009 . Murray and Sears attend a Burberry fashion show alongside Serena Williams (second left) and Sarah Jessica Parker (left) in September 2010 . Murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother Jamie (right) and wife Alejandra (second right) at Cromlix House in October 2010 . Television viewers are well used to the sight of Sears, pictured here at Wimbledon in 2011, showing her emotions during Murray's matches . Murray looks dejected as he and Sears wait for transport after the Brit lost the Wimbledon 2012 final to Roger Federer . There were happier moments just weeks later though as Murray celebrates with Sears after beating Federer to win Olympic gold in London . Murray then won his first Grand Slam title at the US Open in New York in September 2012 by beating Novak Djokovic in an epic final . Murray and Sears laugh with television host Jimmy Fallon before an appearance on the show following his US Open victory . Murray and Sears pose for photographers as they arrive for a Burberry fashion show during London Fashion Week in September 2012 . Murray leans over to kiss Sears after becoming the first British man in 77 years to win the men's singles title at Wimbledon in July 2013 . Murray and Sears pose with the famous trophy during the Wimbledon Champion's Dinner at a hotel in Park Lane later that evening . Murray and Sears stand outside Buckingham Palace in October 2013 after the British No 1 was awarded an OBE by Prince William . Murray and Sears outside Dunblane High School after the local hero received the Freedom of Stirling at his former school in April 2014 . Murray and Sears watch golf as the couple stroll by the fairways of Ridgewood Country Club in New Jersey during The Barclays in August 2014 . Sears poked fun at the reaction to her foul-mouthed rant during the Australian Open this year by wearing this t-shirt for Murray's final .^Andy Murray and long-time girlfriend Kim Sears will tie the knot in the Scottish town of Dunblane on Saturday . The British No 1 and his partner met when they were teenagers at the US Open in New York in 2005 . Murray and Sears confirmed their engagement last November after more than nine years together .
This is the chilling message a mother wrote on Facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible. 'I'm so happy,' Nyia Parler, 41, commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on Tuesday. Just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland. Relatives, who had been contacted by the boy's school when he didn't turn up to class on Tuesday, commented on Parler's picture, 'nyia call me asap,' and 'How the hell you happy?!? Call me!' On Sunday police said that Parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself. Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering, neglect of a care-dependent person, kidnapping, unlawful restraint and false imprisonment, according to police in Pennsylvania. 'When her treatment is completed, we will take her to court and she can either waive or fight extradition,' Capt. Paul Starks of the Montgomery County, Maryland, police said in a statement. Chilling: This is the message Nyia Parler wrote on Facebook hours after she allegedly left her quadriplegic son alone in woodland with just a blanket and a bible. Relatives contacted by the boy's school frantically replied . Charged: Parler (right) was detained in Maryland on Saturday night, charged with assault and neglect. Police say she left her son on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson (left) in Montgomery County, Maryland . Horrific: The quadriplegic man was found here on the floor of a secluded woodland outside Philadelphia with this Bible and this blanket, 10 feet from his wheelchair. He'd allegedly been left there by his mother five days earlier . Parler left her son — who also has cerebral palsy — lying in leaves and covered with a blanket next to a wheelchair while she left town on a romantic getaway with her new boyfriend, John Ferguson, police said. He was found on Friday night near Cobbs Creek Park. Police believe he had been there for five days and the last time he and his mother were seen together was on Easter Sunday. She then boarded a bus to bisit Ferguson in Maryland, said Lt. John Walker of the Southwest Detectives Division. Walker said the victim was found around the corner from their home, and he described the scenario authorities believe to have taken place: 'She pushes him about 150 yards from the highway into the wooded area, takes him out of wheelchair, lays him on the ground, puts a blanket over him and leaves a Bible with him, and then just walks away.' During the period he was exposed to the elements, the young man was 'completely defenseless' in an area with wild animals, with no water and in cold, damp weather, Walker said. 'It's only by the grace of God that he survived this. Amazing,' he said. Reports claim relatives have been trying to obtain guardianship of the boy from Parler (pictured) for years . Contacted in Maryland after the young man's school became concerned about her absence, the victim's mother told relatives and authorities that he was with her, Walker said. 'Obviously her statements made during the week were not truthful,' he said. Her boyfriend, however, assumed other relatives were caring for the young man and 'was in shock when he learned what happened,' Walker said. A 16-year-old son also residing with the family is now in the care of other family relatives, Walker added. Walker said the son was hospitalized with dehydration, malnutrition, a deep cut on his back that caused concern about potential infection and possible eye injuries, but he appeared to be improving. 'He seemed to be a little happier yesterday,' Walker said. 'You could tell he knew his family was around and felt more comfortable. The 21-year-old, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, is now in Philadelphia Children's Hospital with his aunts, where he is being treated for dehydration and cuts to his back and eyes. Officials told NBC Philadelphia her son would have died if he hadn't been spotted by people walking along a nearby street. 'This kid is obviously a fighter. It's just unbelievable how we found him last night. It's just heartbreaking to see how another human, especially a mother, could treat him like that,' Lt. Walker of Philadelphia Police told ABC. Abandoned: A passerby noticed the 21-year-old here in a wooded Philadelphia park . The son was hospitalized with dehydration, malnutrition, a cut to his back and eye injuries. According to Philly.com two of his aunts, who are with him in hospital, have been trying to obtain guardianship for years. A neighbor, who declined to be identified, told DailyMail.com: 'She used to push him out to the school bus in his wheelchair, she seemed to care for him. Whenever I saw him, I saw her.' Another, who also wished to remain anonymous, said: 'I would see them outside together in the summer when he got home from school. Nothing looked wrong, I didn't suspect anything.' Walker said the son was exposed to the elements and other dangers. 'A lot of things could have happened out there,' he said. 'Obviously he's in the middle of a wooded area. You have wild animals there ... this kid could not defend himself. He does not function at all.' Walker added : 'What we've learned so far is that the 21-year-old child lives with his mother, completely dependent on mom as a result of his condition. 'She also has a 16-year-old son who is staying with other family members. 'We know she left for Maryland on Monday to go see her boyfriend on a bus.' The man had been reported missing from class at Philadelphia's School Of The Future on Monday. However, when a teacher called Parler she told them they were both in Maryland and he was well. Rescuers used flashlights to find the non-verbal in the East Lansdowne area of Philadelphia on Friday night . Investigation: Police arrested the man's 41-year-old mother, who left him alone in the park on Monday morning to visit her boyfriend in Maryland. Officers recovered the man's wheelchair (pictured) for evidence .^Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly left her 21-year-old son in woods on Monday and traveled to Maryland . On Tuesday, she wrote 'I'm so happy' on Facebook . Allegedly left her disabled son to fend for himself while she traveled for a romantic getaway with new boyfriend . Her son was found under rain-soaked pile of leaves on Friday night and police say he would have died if passers-by hadn't spotted him . He was lying on the ground 10 feet from his wheelchair and a Bible . Police have said that Parler has been admitted to hospital for an 'undisclosed condition' She will face extradition and arrest in Pennsylvania on her release .
A Connecticut teenager with cancer who took her fight to stop her chemotherapy treatments to the state's Supreme Court must remain in custody of the state even though her disease has gone into remission, a judge ruled on Wednesday. Superior Court Judge Carl Taylor in Middletown, Connecticut, denied requests made last month by attorneys for both Cassandra and her mother, Jackie Fortin, that the 17-year-old be released from the temporary custody of the state Department of Children and Families, or that her mother be permitted to visit her in the hospital. The judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, at Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford. Scroll down for video... Going nowhere: Cassandra Fortin was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo cancer treatment . Picture of health: Cassandra has been at Children's Medical Center in Hartford since December receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed . In state care: The Department of Children and Families took temporary custody after Cassandra refused her chemotherapy treatments for Hodgkin lymphoma . The state agency last fall won temporary custody of Cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them. The state Supreme Court then ruled against Cassandra's claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions. Treatments were ordered for at least six months after doctors said the teen had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy, but faced a near certainty of death within two years without it. But after she was declared by doctors to be in remission in March, her lawyer Joshua Michtom and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments, or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the hospital. Staying put: Ms Fortin, left, said the hospital tried to prevent her mother, Jackie, right, from visiting her room . Support: Mrs Fortin, pictured, said she was behind her daughter's decision to not undergo cancer treatment. Hodgkins lymphoma (cells pictured) is a disease of the white blood cells . Hodgkin's Lymphoma is cancer of the white blood cells called B lymphocytes that circulate around the lymphatic system, which is a network of vessels and glands spread throughout the body. The lymphatic system is part of your immune system. Clear fluid called lymph flows through the lymphatic vessels and contains infection-fighting white blood cells known as lymphocytes. Lymphoma causes the lymphocytes to multiply in an abnormal way and collect in certain parts of the lymphatic system, such as the lymph nodes or glands. These lymphocytes lose their infection-fighting properties, making you more vulnerable to infection. The most common symptom of HL is a painless swelling in a lymph node, usually in the neck, armpit or groin. It usually affects young adults aged between 15 and 35 and adults over the age of 50. The cause is unknown but risk factors include medical conditiona that weakens your immune system, taking immunosuppressant medication and being previously exposed to the Epstein-Barr virus (which causes glandular fever). It isn't thought a family member having the disease increases the chances of developing it. The only way to confirm a diagnosis of HL is by carrying out a biopsy. Almost all young people with HL will be fully cured. For older people over the age of 50, the cure rate is around 75 per cent to 80 per cent. Treatment depends on the extent of the cancer and will usually involve a combination of radiotherapy, chemotherapy and drugs including steroids. 'She hasn't been able to see her mother for months, and now that she's in remission we don't think that's in her best interests,' said Attorney James Sexton, representing Fortin. DCF Commissioner Joette Katz said in a statement Wednesday her agency is 'looking forward to the day later this month when Cassandra can happily return home after her treatment is completed and the doctors are confident that she has beaten the cancer.' The case drew national attention when the teen rejected chemotherapy treatments after being diagnosed in September. Both the teen and her mother said she didn't want to poison her body, and she ran away after two chemo treatments. Michael Taylor, an attorney for the teen's mother, Jackie Fortin, said if the judge will not lift the temporary custody order, they would like for the teen at least to be able to visit with her mother at the hospital. Ms Fortinh said DCF has prohibited her from having contact with her mother. 'We'd like to end the whole thing,' Taylor said, according to The Hartford Courant, during a break in the hearing, 'but if we can't, we want to do as much as we can for her. She wants to be with her mother.' After Ms Fortin was diagnosed with high-risk Hodgkin lymphoma in September, she and her mother missed several appointments, prompting doctors to notify the DCF, court documents say. A trial court in November granted DCF temporary custody of Ms Fortin. Lawyers for Cassandra and her mother then sought an injunction prohibiting medical treatment but failed. The case went to the state Supreme Court, which ruled in January that the state wasn't violating Ms Fortin's rights by forcing her to undergo chemotherapy. The case centered on the mature minor doctrine recognised by several other states — whether 16- and 17-year-olds are mature enough to make their own medical decisions. Ms Fortin told People.com that she did not want to undergo chemotherapy and that when she was taken into care the state tried to prevent her mother from paying a visit. She said the hospital even posted a guard outside her door because they feared that she would try to escape. On the day before her chemotherapy, hospital staff were forced to restrain her before they could administer an anaesthetic. A judge has ruled against the 17-year-old girl who originally refused chemotherapy, and she will have to finish her treatments at the hospital instead of going home . She said: 'When a nurse came in and I told myself just to fight. When she started to put an IV in me, I wouldn't let her.' Ms Fortin spent two hours arguing with a doctor trying to convince them to suspend her treatment. 'Security had to pick me up, pin me to the bed and strap me down by my wrists and ankles, When I woke up, I looked down and there was a port in my chest. I thought, 'I cannot believe they did this to me.' 'I felt violated. I felt like I was being treated like an animal. I thought, 'How can you force a person, regardless of how old they are, to do something they haven't given consent to?''' In a statement Connecticut's DCF said:  'When experts -- such as the several physicians involved in this case -- tell us with certainty that a child will die as a result of leaving a decision up to a parent, then the Department has a responsibility to take action. Even if the decision might result in criticism, we have an obligation to protect the life of the child when there is consensus among the medical experts that action is required. 'Much of the improvements in Connecticut's child welfare system have come from working with families voluntarily to realise solutions to family challenges. 'Unfortunately that can't happen in every situation, especially when the life of a child is at stake.' Ms Fortin received three weeks' chemotherapy at Connecticut Children's Medical Center (pictured)^Cassandra Fortin, 17, wanted to decline chemotherapy for her cancer . Connecticut Supreme Court ruled that Ms Fortin must undergo treatment . The teenager complained that she had been 'treated like an animal' She said the hospital refused to allow her mother to visit her .
She embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him. Holocaust survivor Eva Kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this – and now, at last, she was face to face with a former SS man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at Auschwitz. Oskar Groening looked startled at first, then smiled. He placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who, with her twin sister, was once the subject of Josef Mengele’s monstrous human experiments. Embrace: Seventy years after Auschwitz was liberated, Eva Kor embraces former Nazi guard Oskar Groening . Redemption: Holocaust survivor Kor takes the hand of Groening as he stands in the dock accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people . Auschwitz survivor Eva Kor has spoken of how infamous Josef Mengele stood over her bed and laughed after she was injected with a 'deadly germ' Groening (pictured) described in chilling detail Wednesday how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp, the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials . The extraordinary moment of reconciliation took place as the 93-year-old former death camp clerk – known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz – prepared to listen to Mrs Kor’s evidence in a trial that could condemn him to die in jail. She claims Groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted. Mrs Kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness. ‘Not only criticism,’ she said. ‘They called me a traitor.’ But she explained: ‘As long as we understand my forgiveness that the victim has a right to be free, you cannot be free from what was done to you unless you remove from your shoulder the daily burden of pain and anger and forgive the Nazis – not because they deserve it, but because I deserve it. ‘When I talk to survivors, and I say why on earth does my forgiveness hurt you, they have no answers. I guess victims like to have more victims; the bigger the crowd, the better. I don’t understand it. ‘The victims, 70 years after liberation, with 300 others, they were all talking about their experience, falling apart – “poor me… what have they done to me?” ‘I don’t forget what they have done to me. But I am not a poor person – I am a victorious woman who has been able to rise above the pain and forgive the Nazis.’ When she approached him before the hearing, she held her arms outstretched towards his – and this most unlikely pair became locked in an embrace. Recovery: Miriam and Eva Kor as shown in a 1949 photo. Eva Kor and her twin sister Miriam were among the 1,500 twins (amounting to 3,000 children) Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in Auschwitz . SS Sergeant Oskar Groening is  on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp . Asked yesterday why she had hugged him, she said it had not been planned and added: ‘I wanted to thank him for having some human decency in accepting responsibility for what he has done. ‘I was always interested in meeting him face to face because I believe that there is a human interaction that I cannot predict and no one else can predict.’ Mrs Kor later tweeted: ‘I met Oskar Groening, introduced myself reached to shake his hand-he grabbed my arm & fainted-I screamed 4 help. It was a strange reaction!!’ She said Groening bore responsibility for helping to run the wartime concentration camp – but urged him to spend his last days teaching others about the evil of Nazism. In a moving interview on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme she continued: ‘He is 93 years old. Putting him in jail is absurd. But he can do some good…’ Mrs Kor travelled more than 4,000 miles from home in Indiana, US, to the hearing in Luneburg, Germany. Groening was known as the 'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' because it was his responsibility to collate and ship the valuables of the doomed back to the SS in Berlin . Josef Mengele (1911-1979), the notorious Nazi German physician, in an image taken from from Nazi Hunter: The Wiesenthal File, by Alan Levy . Her family had been among hundreds of thousands deported in cattle trucks from Hungary and Romania to death camps such as Auschwitz. Groening’s job at the camp was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to Berlin. He denies being an accessory to the murder of at least 300,000 Jews there but has begged forgiveness for what he called his ‘moral guilt’. It was at the camp that the ten-year-old Eva and her twin sister Miriam were singled out by Mengele for his grotesque genetic experiments. Being chosen ‘didn’t mean the person was assured a life’, she said. ‘It meant you were not immediately taken to the gas chamber.’ She told how she had to stay alive for the sake of her twin sister. She knew if she had died, it would effectively sentence her sister to death – one twin without the other would have been useless for the experiments. Survivors from Auschwitz (pictured), who are plaintiffs in the case, travelled from the United States, Canada, Hungary and elsewhere to attend Groening's trial . Between May 16 and July 11, 1944, Groening was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there, with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival. Pictured, Auschwitz survivors . She said: ‘She would have been killed immediately, and Mengele would have done comparative autopsies. So I spoiled their experiment. I survived.’ Mengele used 1,500 sets of twins in his experiments, and only an estimated 180 to 250 individuals survived. Mrs Kor described how she was injected with a ‘deadly germ’ that she still cannot identify. ‘Mengele stood by my bed and was laughing sarcastically after reading my fever charts and saying I had only two weeks to live. For those following two weeks I have only one single memory: crawling on the barrack floor and trying to reach a faucet (tap) at the other end of the barrack for some water. ‘As I was crawling and fading out of consciousness, I kept saying to myself, “I must survive”. And I did.’ Mrs Kor said she asked the defendant if he knew Mengele. ‘He told me no.’ She also asked if he knew what happened to the files Mengele kept on the twins he subjected to experiments. Those files, she said, ‘have disappeared from the face of the earth’. She added: ‘I still don’t know what was injected into my body, and I don’t know what was injected into my twin sister’s body, who died 20 years ago, nor into the bodies of any of the other twins.’ Appealing for any information about the files, she said Miriam’s kidney failed in 1987 and although she donated one of her own, Miriam subsequently died. ‘I believe in this big world we have talked so much about human rights that I should have the human right to find out what they injected into me 70 years ago.’ Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is 'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths .^Eva Kor, 81, embraced former Auschwitz guard Oskar Groening, 93 . The former SS man is on trial for war crimes for his two years at the camp . Kor described to court how she and her twin sister were experimented on . She suffered at the hands of Dr Josef Mengele at the Nazi death camp .
World title-winning boxer, politician, actor, singer... and now music video director. Manny Pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. The so-called 'The Nation's Fist' not only wrote the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' but also sang and directed the music video before releasing it on his Facebook page on Monday. The tune, which sounds somewhat like an 80s rock ballad actually translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino' and will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated American at the MGM Grand on May 2. Multi-talented Pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the music video . The video also carries a nostalgic feel, featuring a leather-clad Pacquiao crooning into the microphone Band-Aid style while a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out. Whether Mayweather has called on his close friend and cheerleader Justin Bieber to come up with his own entrance song has not been confirmed. The boxing champion's song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino' The 80s style music video includes a montage of Pacquiao's fights and his humanitarian efforts . Meanwhile, the 36-year-old decided to train on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday as he ran along the trail at Griffith Park joined by several fitness fanatics. As well as working on his aerobic endurance, Pacquiao was also tested on his core strength and showed off his impressive footwork in front of watching spectators by shadow boxing. Pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $300million Las Vegas showdown with Mayweather. The container that it comes in reads 'MouthGuards for Champions', demonstrating Pacquiao's undoubted confidence. Pacquiao was joined by his dog Pacman as he ran around one of North America's largest urban parks . Pacquiao has revealed the colourful mouthpiece he will wear during the May 2 bout in Las Vegas . I always ask in my mind why do we have to judge what you feel? What should be the right basis so they can listen to us? Do we have to be in a good status? Even if i hurt myself, i still wanted to keep it within me and just be silent about it. Even if my heart aches, its nothing to me as long as people from my country show their smiles and felt happy. I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I'm a Pinoy. We are Pinoy . I will fight the world with my life at stake. I will fight for all Filipino . Even us, has our own dreams for our country . To help fellow countrymen, and give pride for our very own country . It doesn't matter who you are. Poor or rich if for the country we all fight together. I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I'm a Pinoy. We are Pinoy. I will fight the world with my life at stake. I will fight for all Filipino . I will fight, I will fight . I will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . I'm a Pinoy. We are Pinoy. I will fight the world with my life at stake. I will fight for all Filipino . I will fight for my country.^Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in $300m showdown on May 2 . Pac-Man has released own entrance song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' The 36-year-old also directed the music video ahead of Las Vegas clash .
Police are hunting two schoolboys who doused a fellow 12-year-old pupil in highly flammable WD40 in an underpass before threatening to set him alight . The victim, who has not been named, was walking in the subway underneath a major road in Newbury, Berkshire, when two boys - aged about 12 to 13 - approached him. They sprayed the highly flammable WD40, usually used on cars or locks, over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him. The 12-year-old victim, who is yet to be named, was walking in a subway (pictured) underneath a road in Newbury, Berkshire, when two boys approached him, doused him in WD40 and vowed to set him alight . Officers from Thames Valley Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight on Easter Monday afternoon. The victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment. Police said the first offender is described as short and slim with brown hair. He was wearing a grey zip-up hooded top and blue chinos. The second is described as being stocky, about 5ft 4ins, with dark brown hair which was brushed flat. He was wearing a grey jacket, brown T-shirt and grey tracksuit bottoms. Colin Fearn, the investigating officer in the case, described the attack as 'unprovoked' and urged witnesses to come forward. He said: 'This was an unprovoked attack on a young boy during the Easter holidays. 'We are carrying out an extensive investigation to bring the perpetrators to justice but need the help of the public. Police said the boys sprayed the youngster in highly flammable WD40 before threatening to set him alight . 'I would ask anyone who witnessed the incident, anyone who recognises the description of the offenders or has any information to call police on 101. 'I am particularly interested in speaking to a woman and her partner, who we believe were with their children, who may have witnessed the incident and spoke to the offenders.' Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.^Two schoolboys approached 12-year-old and threatened to set him alight . Pair doused youngster in highly flammable WD40 in subway under road . Victim sustained minor injuries in broad daylight attack over Easter break . Police hunting the two suspects in connection with 'unprovoked' attack .
The body of Kyle Knox has been found near the foot of Ben Nevis three weeks after he disappeared . The body of a missing hiker has been found three weeks after he vanished trying to climb Britain's highest mountain. Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions. The mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region. There was also snow on the mountain's peak. It was believed Kyle, who was not an experienced walker, had attempted to climb the Ben Nevis alone. When he set off on the climb Kyle was wearing dark waterproof trousers, walking boots and a jacket with red flashes on it. Searches of Ben Nevis and the Glen Nevis area of Lochaber were launched after the alarm was raised, with Lochaber Mountain Rescue and a RAF search and rescue helicopter from Lossiemouth being scrambled to the scene. Search and rescue dogs also joined in the hunt for missing Kyle. Rescuers were forced to call off the hunt due to band weather in the Scottish Highlands. Today, a body was recovered by a Royal Navy Helicopter in the Surgeon's Gully area, to the south east of Ben Nevis. It has been identified as that of Mr Knox and his family have been informed. It was believed that Mr Knox, 23, of London, was attempting to scale the 4409-ft high peak alone .^Kyle Knox, 23, disappeared as he tried to climb 4409-ft high Ben Nevis . He was last seen at start of route on March 31 but failed to return to hotel . His body was found near the foot of the peak three weeks after he vanished . The Londoner's family has been informed of the discovery .
Sometimes a shrill alarm tone isn't enough to get you out of bed. And for one lazy dog, even a constant head-pounding couldn't rouse her from sleep. Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. 'She just sits here all day and doesn't even care,' Smith is heard saying as she watches the scene play out. 'That's awful!' a man  in the background adds. However, he can't help but giggle as he observes Boomer refusing to budge. After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position. One viewer said that perhaps the canine saw it as a type of head massage. Caught on camera: Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . Nightmare: With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time .^Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps Boomer appears resting in the same position .
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ‘the party of the grafters’. The Prime Minister, who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion, said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting: ‘Nothing matters more.’ He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. Scroll down for video . David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ‘the party of the grafters’ Yesterday, Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow. ‘If you want political excitement, maybe you could go to Greece,’ he said. ‘That’s an exciting country, I am told. I don’t think that’s exciting – I think that’s terrifying. ‘When you get a new job, a new home, get a new childcare place or start a new business... now that’s truly exciting. If you want to take a risk, vote for the other man. My God, he’s got plenty of risks.’ He said Labour’s ‘disastrous’ plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people’s lives. And he told voters: ‘I want you to think about the three million low-paid people we have taken out of income tax, I want you to think about the two million jobs that we have created, I want you to think of the cuts in youth unemployment that we’ve achieved. I want you to think of that and I want you to take that argument that Labour make and stick it where the sun don’t shine.’ Mr Cameron went on: ‘Some people are saying to me, “You are putting too much emphasis on a strong and stable economy and securing our future”. I plead guilty.’ The Tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses, calling them ‘the lifeblood of the economy’. Thousands of small business leaders will back the party in an open letter. The Prime Minister, who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion, said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting: ‘Nothing matters more’ And Mr Cameron – who is understood to have ordered that all campaigning activity is now dedicated to the economy – will set out new proposals to support millions of small firms and self-employed. He is to promise tax breaks and start-up loans, and an end to another £10billion-worth of red tape, to enable the creation of 600,000 businesses a year. The Tories are also promising to review the disadvantages faced by the self-employed, who make up 15 per cent of the workforce. In an echo of the campaign rhetoric of Margaret Thatcher, who famously celebrated Napoleon’s supposed dismissal of Britain as a ‘nation of shopkeepers’, Mr Cameron will say: ‘Small businesses are the backbone of our economy – and Conservatives are behind them 100 per cent. We’re the party of the grafters and the roofers and the retailers and the plumbers. ‘We get them, we respect them, we understand them, we back them. Where Labour sneer, we cheer.’^David Cameron will put small business at the heart of election campaign . Prime Minister has faced criticism for lacking passion in recent weeks . Cameron said he made 'no apology' for Tories focusing on the economy .
New York (CNN)When Liana Barrientos was 23 years old, she got married in Westchester County, New York. A year later, she got married again in Westchester County, but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband.  Only 18 days after that marriage, she got hitched yet again. Then, Barrientos declared "I do" five more times, sometimes only within two weeks of each other. In 2010, she married once more, this time in the Bronx. In an application for a marriage license, she stated it was her "first and only" marriage. Barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree," referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application, according to court documents. Prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam. On Friday, she pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx, according to her attorney, Christopher Wright, who declined to comment further. After leaving court, Barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the New York subway through an emergency exit, said Detective Annette Markowski, a police spokeswoman. In total, Barrientos has been married 10 times, with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002.  All occurred either in Westchester County, Long Island, New Jersey or the Bronx. She is believed to still be married to four men, and at one time, she was married to eight men at once, prosecutors say. Prosecutors said the immigration scam involved some of her husbands, who filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages.  Any divorces happened only after such filings were approved. It was unclear whether any of the men will be prosecuted. The case was referred to the Bronx District Attorney's Office by Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security's Investigation Division. Seven of the men are from so-called "red-flagged" countries, including Egypt, Turkey, Georgia, Pakistan and Mali. Her eighth husband, Rashid Rajput, was deported in 2006 to his native Pakistan after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force. If convicted, Barrientos faces up to four years in prison.  Her next court appearance is scheduled for May 18.^Liana Barrientos, 39, re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating . She has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam, prosecutors say . Barrientos pleaded not guilty Friday to misdemeanor charges .
From kittens for sale to handymen for hire, the majority of ads posted in newsagents' windows are practical ones. But for one lonely heart, it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man, known only as John, used it to advertise for someone special. In the post, which has gone viral after being photographed and put online, the man sets out his requirements and offers 'a way of life with quality'. 'John' who is reportedly a builder posted this advert in his local newsagents, it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by . John posted his advert, which is written in capital letters in black pen, in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill. It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality. It then details a phone number and says: 'Contact... Or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs.' Unfortunately for prospective lovers, John did not specify precisely what the 'craft' referred to was. John placed is advert in a corner shop much like this one (stock photo) The lonely heart, which was posted last week, has now gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by. The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life where it went viral. One user on the Facebook group jokingly commented: 'I seem to remember this is how that film Saw starts?'^A man named John posted the advert in a newsagents in Muswell Hill . It details that he is looking for a companion, apprentice, worker and lover . He says the role will bring 'a way of life with quality' His ideal woman is aged between 30 and 40 and is happy to be interviewed .
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal after first filling in at wing-back and since reclaiming his place on United's left wing. Ashley Young scored in Sunday's 4-2 derby victory over Manchester United . Young has been instrumental in their six game winning run and is now being touted for a return to the England set-up. United beat Liverpool to sign Young from Aston Villa for £17m in 2011 and he signed a five year contract understood to be worth around £120,000 a week. He is hoping for a three year extension and is willing to restructure his salary. His representatives are poised to hold further talks with United chief executive Ed Woodward over the coming weeks. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal . Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up .^Ashley Young has revived his career at Manchester United . He signed five-year contract worth around £120,000 a week in 2011 . The 29-year-old is now being touted for a return to the England set-up .
A British couple who are believed to have fled their Berkshire home with their four young children in a bid to escape to Syria have reportedly been arrested in Turkey. Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month. Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria. However, a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody with their four children - daughter Zoha, seven, and three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one. Photos released by the Turkish government show Asif Malik (left) and his partner Sara Kiran (right) pushing prams for their young children. They have been arrested by police in Ankara as they tried to go to Syria . Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young children have reportedly been arrested in Ankara, Turkey. The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7 . The family, who were spotted on CCTV at Dover catching a ferry to France on April 8 (pictured), were not reported missing by their relatives until eight days later. Police fear they may have been trying to get to Syria . Malik, 31, who has fled the UK with his family, was pictured at a protest outside the Lebanese embassy in London in May last year holding a pro-ISIS poster. The large poster stated 'Stop Terrorism Against Sunnis' Earlier, British authorities had said that there was no suggestion the family was doing any fighting in Syria, and it was unclear whether they were sympathetic to members of the Islamic State group or Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. But earlier today, the Mail revealed how Malik was pictured waving a flag in support of ISIS at a demonstration in London last year. The photograph shows Malik - a member of the banned UK extremist group al-Mujahiroun - holding a pro-ISIS sign at a protest against the arrest of hate preacher Omar Bakri Muhammad in May last year. The picture, taken by extremism researcher Jacob Michelson, shows the 31-year-old standing outside the Lebanese embassy in London brandishing a poster which reads 'Islamic State Is Solution', with the first letter of each word highlighted to spell out 'ISIS'. Bakri, who led a number of hate groups in Britain before being kicked out of the UK, was arrested in Lebanon in May, and is believed still to be in detention there. Earlier today Ms Kiran's family made an emotional appeal directly to her, urging her to get in touch so that they know the family is safe. 'We would like to urge you, Sara and Asif, to make contact with us and let us know that you and the children are safe,' relatives said in a statement. 'Sara, we want to let you know that we love you - we miss you, Asif and the grandchildren. You are not in trouble, we are not angry or upset, and we just want you to return home safely.' Thames Valley Police said yesterday that the Malik family were last seen on Tuesday April 7 but were only reported missing to police last Thursday, April 16. Malik (left) and Dhar (right) are pictured at a protest outside outside Regent's Park Mosque in May last year . Asif Malik (left) and his partner Sara Kiran (right) disappeared from their home in Berkshire this month . Malik and Ms Kiran, who neighbours said usually wore the full Islamic veil, left home without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, which a force spokesman said was 'entirely out of character for this family'. Police said the family boarded a ferry from Dover to Calais at 12.30am on Wednesday, April 8. Neighbours said the alarm was raised after at least one of their four children failed to attend school. Their grandmother was also seen looking for them and knocking on other doors in the modern block of flats where they lived, asking if anyone had seen the family. Neither Malik nor his partner have attempted to contact any family members or friends since, despite taking their mobile phones with them on the trip, police said. Police said the lack of contact led detectives to believe their reason for leaving Britain may not be legitimate. Deputy Chief Constable John Campbell said yesterday: 'Given the online rhetoric from the Islamic State encouraging people to travel to Syria, the direction of travel and concerns voiced by Asif's family, we are concerned the family may be seeking to travel to Syria.' Anjem Choudary confirmed yesterday that Malik had been a member of al-Mujahiroun, and described him as a 'champion for shariah' who regularly attended the group's events and demonstrations. The Malik family's last known address in Slough, Berkshire, was in the block of flats on the left of this image . Siddhartha Dhar posted this picture of himself with a gun and his newborn baby on Twitter shortly after arriving in Syria last year. Dhar fled to Syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year . Both Malik and Dhar are believed to be followers of notorious preacher Anjem Choudary (pictured above) Dhar - one of Choudary's top henchmen - fled to Syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year while under investigation by Scotland Yard. He was one of nine men who were detained on September 25 last year on suspicion of encouraging terrorism and supporting al-Muhajiroun. Just hours after publicly declaring he had arrived in Syria, Dhar announced he had become a father to a baby boy who was a member of the latest generation of Islamist extremists. He wrote: 'Alhamdulillah, Allah blessed me with a healthy baby boy in the Islamic State. He is another great addition to the Islamic State. And he's definitely not British.' In a picture posted on Twitter at the time, Dhar was seen posing with an AK47 in one hand and his new-born baby in the other while standing in front of a mustard-coloured pickup truck, wearing a thick military style coat and boots. Two other followers of Choudary who have left Britain to join a terror group are Abu Rahin Aziz, from Luton, and former NHS surgeon Mirza Tariq Ali. Aziz skipped bail before he was handed a 36-week jail sentence in absence for attacking a football fan in London's West End, while Ali was arrested for repeatedly assaulting a bystander at a rally and was reported to have been killed while fighting with the Taliban last month. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.^Asif Malik disappeared from UK with partner Sara Kiran and four children . Turkish official claimed today that the family have been arrested in Ankara . Malik, 31, was pictured holding 'ISIS' sign at a protest in London last year . Relatives of Ms Kiran today made emotional appeal for her to come home .
A schoolgirl was left stranded at a busy airport after easyJet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage. Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. The teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one. A schoolgirl was left stranded at a busy airport after easyJet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage (file picture) She even offered to leave the bag at the airport as she begged to board the 7am flight to Bilbao. But the teen, who goes to school in east London and lives with a relative during term time, said her pleas fell on deaf ears. The Daily Mirror quotes her as saying: 'I was sat on the floor crying. I just wanted to get home, but they didn’t care. I was desperate, I was pleading.' 'My phone wasn’t working and I was all alone. It was only thanks to a lovely couple that I could ring my dad.' Deva Joseph, 14, was left in floods of tears at London Stansted airport (pictured) after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain . She initially ran into problems when she was unable to squeeze her handbag into her suitcase. The plane left without her and she had to rearrange her plans to fly home the next day. Deva's father Stefan Joseph, of Santander, northern Spain, described easyJet as 'a disgrace'. The Daily Mirror reports that the airline has since apologised adding: 'Whilst our policy is not to take cash at the gate, we should have made an exception.'^Deva Joseph hit problems when she couldn't fit handbag inside suitcase . 14-year-old left in floods of tears after flight  to Spain left without her . Offered to pay for bag to go in hold but was told she needed a credit card . easyJet said it should have made an exception to policy of accepting cash .
Two years ago, Rafa Benitez was in charge of Chelsea and John Terry's glittering career at Stamford Bridge was in danger of fizzling out. In April 2013, the Spanish manager declared that Terry could no longer play two games a week and that controversial decision, twinned with a persistent knee injury, meant the former England international made just 14 appearances for his beloved in the 2012-13 campaign. Fast forward to 2015, the Blues captain has one hand on the Premier League trophy after arguably his most impressive season at the club - during which he has played a part in each of their 33 games so far. Chelsea captain John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League matches for his side this season . The Blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season . It's an impressive tally for the 34-year-old, who will no doubt be hoping he can mark another memorable season with a personal best of having featured in all 38 Premier League games come the end of the season. If Terry manages to make appearances in all of Chelsea's remaining fixtures against Leicester, Crystal Palace, Liverpool, West Brom and Sunderland, he will beat the 37 domestic appearances he made during his side's last title-winning season in 2009-10. And he made 36 in 2004-05 and again the following season - his other two Premier League title triumphs. During his time as Blues boss, Rafa Benitez (left) believed Terry couldn't play two games in a week . Terry had to settle for a place on the bench under Benitez and made just 14 Premier League appearances . Speaking after the 0-0 draw with Arsenal on Sunday, manager Jose Mourinho said: 'I told John Terry in the dressing room that he made fantastic performances with me in six years but for me this was the best I have seen from him. 'It was the best JT has ever played. His defensive performance was absolutely amazing.' This season, Terry has played 2,970 minutes, scoring three goals along the way as Chelsea sit at the Premier League's summit, 10 points clear of second-placed Manchester City having already collected the Capital One Cup in March. The 34-year-old celebrates with the Capital One Cup after Chelsea's 2-0 victory against Tottenham in March . The Chelsea captain made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season in . Terry's best seasons at Chelsea have largely been when Jose Mourinho has been in charge .^John Terry has started in each of Chelsea's 33 Premier League games . Terry's personal best is 37 Premier League appearances in 2009-2010 . Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance during 0-0 draw with Arsenal . The 34-year-old made just 14 appearances for Rafa Benitez during 2012-13 . READ: Chelsea captain Terry is Premier League's greatest ever defender .
The broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis (file picture) An artificial version of a compound in broccoli could hold the key to treating arthritis, say researchers. The broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. Sulforaphane in its natural form is also too unstable to turn into a medicine. But UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment. A single dose of the drug, known as Sulforadex or SFX-01, is the equivalent of eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day. In tests on mice affected by osteoarthritis, Sulforadex significantly improved bone architecture, gait balance and movement. Professor Andrew Pitsillides, who co-led the research at the Royal Veterinary College in London, said: ‘These initial results are very positive for such an experiment and we have convinced ourselves that sulforaphane is a promising agent for the treatment of osteoarthritis. ‘The clinical development of sulforaphane has been held back by the fact that it is inherently unstable – SFX-01 is a major advance in this area.’ Professor Pitsillides added: ‘Nearly nine million people in the UK have osteoarthritis and it costs the NHS more than £5 billion every year. But UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment (file picture) 'There is no cure or effective treatment for the disease other than pain relief or joint replacement, so the potential for SFX-01 is massive.’ Broccoli is also believed to reduce the risk of some cancers and cardiovascular disease, and improve symptoms of autism. A University of Pittsburgh study found it could be used to prevent throat cancer. In laboratory tests, extracts from broccoli were shown to give mice protection against oral cancer.^Sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to the cartilage . People would have to eat several pounds daily to derive significant benefit . Drug company Evgen Pharma has developed  synthetic version of chemical .
(CNN)Americans on the United States' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the Justice Department this week. The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process. The decision was part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 Americans on the list. But the ACLU isn't satisfied with the government's new policy, outlined in documents filed Monday in federal courts in Oregon (PDF) and Virginia (PDF). "After years of fighting in court for complete secrecy and losing, it's good that the government is finally now going to tell people of their status on the No Fly List," said Hina Shamsi, director of the ACLU National Security Project and the lead attorney on the case, in a statement. "Unfortunately, we've found that the government's new redress process falls far short of constitutional requirements because it denies our clients meaningful notice, evidence, and a hearing. The government had an opportunity to come up with a fair process but failed, so we're challenging it in court again." People on the no-fly list, managed by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight for travel into or out of the United States. The number of people on the list is classified. An official with knowledge of the government's figures told CNN in 2012 that the list contained about 21,000 names, including about 500 Americans. Before the change, American citizens and permanent residents who inquired with the government about being denied aircraft boarding received a letter that neither confirmed nor denied their inclusion on the no-fly list. Now, they'll be made aware of their status if they apply for redress, with an option to request further information. "The U.S. government is making enhancements to the Department of Homeland Security Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) to provide additional transparency and process for U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents who have been denied boarding on a commercial aircraft because they are on the No Fly List," the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement. In cases in which travelers included on the list request to receive or submit more information about their status, the government will provide a second, more detailed response, identifying "specific criterion under which the individual has been placed on the No Fly List," according to the court documents. An unclassified summary of that information will be provided "to the extent feasible, consistent with the national security and law enforcement interests at stake," court papers said. Those who appear on the no-fly list will then have further opportunity to dispute their status in writing, with supporting materials or exhibits, and will receive a final written decision from the Transportation Security Administration. The 2014 ruling that prompted the policy changes had called for passengers on the list to be given the opportunity to dispute their status before a judge.^Americans on the no-fly list will now get info about why they've been banned from flights . ACLU says the policy still denies "meaningful notice, evidence, and a hearing"
A Washington Post reporter detained in Iran has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments', nine months after his arrest. The charges against Jason Rezaian had been shrouded in secrecy until now in what has become a politically sensitive case that has parallelled with high-level nuclear talks between Iran and global powers, including the United States. Monday, Rezaian's lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd Monday by the White House and the newspaper. As well as allegedly spying under the first two charges, the 39-year-old journalist, the Post's Tehran correspondent, stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic. Scroll down for video . Detained: Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian, seen here in 2013, was jailed in Tehran on July 22 last year . Rezaian, who was detained in July 2014, was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released. Ahsan, who said she had access to the complete criminal file, said it contained 'no justifiable proof' against Rezaian, and that she had seen no legal reason to continue his detention after the case's preliminary investigation. But she said requests for bail had been turned down and criticised Iranian media for publishing allegations about Rezaian that are 'wrong and contrary to reality'. No date has yet been set for trial, Ahsan said, shortly after a senior judicial official described the dossier against the journalist, who holds both American and Iranian nationality, as 'thick'. Rezaian will face the allegations in one of the Islamic republic's revolutionary courts, whose jurisdiction includes handling crimes against national security. Its cases are heard behind closed doors. However Ahsan said: 'Jason is a journalist and the nature of his work is to have access to information and to publish it. He had no access to confidential information, either directly or indirectly.' Rezaian was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year, along with his Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi, also a journalist, who was released on bail after spending two-and-a-half months in custody. Rezaian is being held in the capital's notorious Evin Prison and his family have frequently spoken of their fears for his health, citing his need for medication to combat high blood pressure. But Ahsan said he was 'in good spirits' despite being held in cramped conditions. He has also had no access to newspapers or media. His mother Mary said she had discussed the charges with the journalist's wife, who remains in Tehran, but had no further comment. The reporter's detention has political resonance both because of his dual nationality and the long-running nuclear talks regarding Tehran's disputed nuclear programme. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said it had no official confirmation of the allegations, but if reports of Rezaian being accused of spying were true it would be 'absurd' and that the charges should be 'immediately dropped'. But the journalist's predicament would have no bearing on a nuclear deal either way, he added. Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif last week said the reporter faced 'very serious' allegations but it was a matter for Iran's judiciary, insisting the case was free of political interference. Ahsan also said the allegations against her client 'had no link' with the nuclear talks, but in a nod to the diplomacy she added: 'I hope this matter will accelerate the liberation of my client.' Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif (pictured) last week said the reporter faced 'very serious' allegations but it was a matter for Iran's judiciary . In a rare official comment regarding Rezaian, Gholamhossein Esmaili, Tehran's judiciary chief, said Monday: 'The file is thick and contains different aspects.' Quoted by the official IRNA news agency, he added: 'In due course the judgment will be pronounced.' In a statement, the Post's executive editor Martin Baron said: 'The grave charges against Jason that Iran has now disclosed could not be more ludicrous. 'It is absurd and despicable to assert, as Iran's judiciary is now claiming, that Jason's work first as a freelance reporter and then as The Post's Tehran correspondent amounted to espionage.' Rezaian was among four US citizens that President Barack Obama last month urged Iran to return home. On April 2, Iran and world powers agreed the key parameters for a deal that would end a 12-year standoff about concerns that Iran is seeking a nuclear bomb, an allegation it denies. A final agreement is due by the end of June.^Jason Rezaian faces trial for collaborating with 'hostile governments' The Tehran correspondent is accused of gathering classified information . He has been in jail for nine months with requests for bail denied . Charges labelled 'absurd' by White House and 'ludicrous' by paper .
Marlon Samuels found a novel way of carrying on his duel in the second Test with Ben Stokes here on Thursday night when he sent him on his way with a military-style salute. Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg and Samuels wasted no time in pouring salt on his wounds, saluting him on his way. The Durham all-rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past Samuels before England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from the prolific Joe Root. Ben Stokes (left) gives Marlon Samuels a stare as the West Indian gives him a send-off salute on Thursday . Stokes looks at Samuels as the cheeky centurion stands at attention with his hat on his check for the  send-off . And West Indies great Curtly Ambrose, now the bowling coach, insisted afterwards that the eccentric Samuels was just having a bit of fun. ‘I didn’t really see it, but there’s nothing wrong with a little banter in international cricket,’ said Ambrose. ‘As long as it doesn’t go over the top I’m fine with it. I think it’s more friendly. He gave a salute? Is that a sign of respect, I don’t know. 'That's something that we don't really preach. We always make sure that we tell the guys to keep it clean, and keep it within a certain range, and don't go over the top. 'International cricket is hard, and they must find ways to relax themselves, and smiling is one of those things. As much as we're working hard and want to win, you must have some fun doing it. You've got to enjoy what you are doing. ‘I’m hoping it was light-hearted because we always make sure we tell the guys to keep it clean and don’t go over the top. I don’t think Marlon meant anything by it. You have to find ways to relax and have fun.’ The gesture was seen as good 'banter' by Geoffrey Boycott in commentary for BBC's Test Match Special. Boycott said: 'The Samuels salute was all right because it is banter and fun. It is not punishable — it was funny.' Stokes doesn't get a full piece of an innocuous delivery from Bishoo and skies his shot into the outfield . Stokes looks on in hope as the ball floats into the safe hands of Blackwood, who took his second catch . After the pair clashed in Windies' first innings while Samuels got 103, the all-rounder gave Stokes a slaute . Graeme Swann said immediately after the day's play that while not the biggest fan of Samuels the gesture made him laugh. 'He can be an absolute tool sometimes but I have to admit Marlon Samuels just made me laugh tea out of my nose with his saluting send off,' Swann wrote on Twitter. 'Heavy money on @benstokes38 getting Marlon out in the 2nd dig. Eng should line up a guard of honour for him. Love to see humour on the field.' Joe Root celebrates reaching his century during a short partnership with Stokes . Alastair Cook was unable to reach an elusive century after dragging Shannon Gabriel on for 76 .^Ben Stokes holed out in the deep for eight on day three in Grenada . As Stokes left the field, Marlon Samuels stood and saluted his foe . Curtly Ambrose said: 'There's nothing wrong with a little bantering' Graeme Swann said the salute made him 'laugh tea out of my nose' England lead by 74 runs at stumps on day three in St George's .
An inmate at an Arizona jail left one officer hospitalized with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face after a psychiatric ward assault. The 18-year-old, who was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers. Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said that the two jail employees began telling the young man to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them. Scroll down for video . An assault on an officer at a jail in Phoenix has left one officer in intensive care with brain bleeding. Above, the inmate is captured on video in a psychiatric ward area where he is not authorized . Officers including Scott Beaty (center) approached the unidentified 18-year-old inmate and told him to go back to his cell . The inmate then began punching Beatty and the other officer in the room, who used a Taser but could not subdue the young man . The unnamed inmate, who was not immediately affected by four taser shots, was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene. Three detention officers were taken to a nearby hospital, and two of them had been knocked unconscious. Scott Beaty, a 15-year-veteran, was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed and broken bones in his face. The inmate, who did not have any prior incidents of bad behavior, was not injured. After knocking Beaty to the ground, the inmate is seen attacking the other officer, who was also taken to a nearby hospital . More officers arrived on the scene where the assault took place, though additional taser shots did not immediately affect the 18-year-old . The unidentified inmate was eventually subdued by a group of officers, who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground after being hit repeatedly . 'Sometimes when you have a mental condition you fight and get super mad,' Arpaio said during a press conference, though he did not elaborate on the mental condition. Arpaio said he could not speculate on what led to the attack. The prisoner became 'very violent' according to officials, and was reportedly fighting until he was put in lock down in the psychiatric ward, where he remains. He will only be allowed out for one hour a day. Though he was booked into Lower Buckeye for a minor felony charge, the prisoner will now face aggravated assault charges. Arpaio said that there have been 178 incidents of assault at his county's jails in the last 12 months. Beaty was taken to the intensive care unit after the incident, where he suffered broken bones in his face and brain bleeding . Three of four officers injured in the attack went to the hospital. The inmate was not injured during the incident .^Unidentified 18-year-old told by guards in Arizona jail to go back to his cell . Inmate at Phoenix facility punched two officers, knocking them out . Young man eventually subdued, though four taser shots didn't work . Scott Beaty, 44, in intensive care with broken facial bones and brain bleed .
Death: Gillian Nelson was 'delirious and spaced out' following the birth, according to her husband . A widower told an inquest today how his wife was ‘delirious and spaced out’ when she lost a large amount of blood after giving birth. James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. He was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour. She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am. Asked about how he found his wife after birth, Mr Ramirez told London’s Southwark Coroner’s Court: ‘I would say she was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired. She was pale. 'Somewhat reassuringly she had blood on her T-shirt which would suggest she had the chance to hold Wesley. She was babbling a little bit.’ He stayed in the room with his wife until she was taken to theatre at about 6.30am. Mr Ramirez could recall there was ‘a blur’ of staff - but although he felt their manner was professional, there were ‘no alarms going off’. There had been blood loss and there were about nine people in the room, he said. The court was told that Miss Nelson, a businesswoman, had been admitted for an induced delivery at Princess Royal University Hospital, where she gave birth but was suffering bleeding. Baby: Wesley Ramierez (pictured), whose mother Miss Nelson died after complications arose with his birth . She had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy. Mr Ramirez told the court that it was only about 30 to 40 minutes after his wife left the room to go in to theatre that he realised how serious the situation had become. Evidence: James Ramirez (left), husband of Miss Nelson, leaves Southwark Coroner's Court today . He noted that at one point his wife was turned on her side and ‘there was a flood of blood on the bed’ which left a stain the size of a double A4-sided sheet of paper on the covers. It was ‘clear she was bleeding heavily’, he claimed, adding ‘she was quite pale and clammy, paler than usual’. She was later moved to King’s College Hospital in Denmark Hill, south-east London, where the family was told she needed a liver transplant. The family were later told that they ‘were out of options’ and Miss Nelson died on February 2. Mr Ramirez, who had gone to the family home in Sydenham, south-east London, to await a call to say that his wife had gone in to labour, told the court: ‘From my understanding of the documents and statements we have seen, it does seem there was some gaps in her monitoring which obviously does leave me with the question of what would have happened if I had stayed?’ He said that he hoped the inquest would not become a ‘forum for belittling’ all of the care that his wife received. He said: ‘Both Gillian and myself have been strong supporters of the NHS. It would be my hope that this is not a forum for belittling the intention of the care that she was provided. 'Certainly the family has seen excellent care in King’s College Hospital where she was transferred, and seen a real intention to make sure that Gillian survived. We have seen some excellent support. 'But we are really concerned about understanding what happened to Gillian rather than casting blame on any particular member of staff or anything of that nature.’ Place of death: Mr Ramirez was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital (above) in Bromley, Kent, at about 3.45am after his wife had gone in to labour. She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am . Miss Nelson's condition went downhill between 4.25 and 5.45am. She had told a staff member that she had lost some blood while she was in a toilet, before giving birth at around 4am. Midwife Cathy Lowther told the inquest that Miss Nelson was being regularly observed. She recalled: ‘There was a lot going on in the room with the baby. I think our team was tied up with the care of the baby to start off with.’ Miss Nelson was given fluids probably to try to raise her blood pressure and it was spotted that her haemoglobin had dropped, meaning there was not enough oxygen going around her body, the inquest heard. Ms Lowther suggested ‘you would put it down to blood loss’. Then Miss Nelson later appeared to be short of breath and, from being ‘awake and alert’, she was ‘very sleepy’, according to Ms Lowther. She was ‘very pale’ and was given a blood transfusion. Ms Lowther said she did not remember Miss Nelson's skin being ‘cold and clammy’ - the description earlier given to the inquest by Mr Ramirez. Miss Nelson was taken to theatre for surgery by 6.40am. The inquest was adjourned to tomorrow at 9am.^Gillian Nelson had complications with birth before being taken to theatre . Widower recalls 'blur' of staff as she 'bled heavily' at hospital in Bromley . Had blood transfusion and hysterectomy but doctors 'ran out of options' Southwark Coroner's Court hears allegations of 'gaps in her monitoring'
Everyone who comes to Britain should know how to speak English, Labour Ed Miliband has warned as he admitted Labour made mistakes on immigration. The Labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. But the Tories said there was nothing in Mr Miliband's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain, after net migration hit 298,000 in a year. Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband admitted that in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . Mr Miliband pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers, promising a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. Speaking in Wirral West - a marginal seat held by the Tory Employment Minister Esther McVey - the Labour leader said exploitation drives low skilled migration and holds down wages for British workers. His new unit of 100 staff will bring together people from the Gangmasters Licensing Authority and specialist police units, together with additional Home Office enforcement staff. The unit will be empowered to investigate abuse and be challenged to increase prosecutions and fines levelled against employers who break the rules. But he also warned that migrants must learn to speak English, especially in key services like the NHS. Mr Miliband said: 'Our communities are changing fast but we don't cope with change by closing our doors to each other and living our lives in separate worlds. 'Instead we must find a way to live together across communities. 'A Britain where people of all backgrounds, all cultures, all religions, can practise their own faiths but also come together to forge a common identity. 'But we can only build this shared society if we speak the same language.' In his speech in Pensby, northern England, Mr Miliband insisted that there was an 'epidemic of exploitation' He said his own parents had learned to speak English after arriving from Belgium in 1940. 'It is why I believe in a simple principle: Everyone in Britain should know how to speak English. 'Sometimes, we've been too timid about this but it is something we should expect from everyone who comes here. 'And it is especially important that people who work in public services in public facing roles should be required to speak English.' He said that 'nowhere is that more true' than in the health service. 'We all know the crucial contribution that people from overseas play in our NHS. Doctors, paramedics, social workers, nurses. Bringing specialist skills that we need. 'I will never demean or devalue their contribution to our country. 'But it is vital that people who come to fulfil these roles don't just have the right medical skills, but can communicate with those for whom they care. 'So in the future all healthcare professionals will be required to speak English to a sufficient standard so they can care effectively for patients.' The Labour leader, pictured greeting staff and students at Pensby High School, also used the speech to promise Labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . Mr Miliband told the audience how his 'parents came to Britain to flee the horrors of Nazi Germany'. He said: 'They found a country that welcomed them and offered them the opportunity to build a new life. To start a family. To work hard and make a contribution. 'I wouldn't be standing here today, asking you to elect me your Prime Minister, if it wasn't for the generosity of this great country. Conservative immigration minister James Brokenshire said nothing Ed Miliband is proposing would help control immigration . 'Where we are always stronger when we draw on the widest range of talents, perspectives and cultures. 'But I also know for that to happen, there have to be proper controls on immigration. We have got to have the right rules in place and with a Labour government we will.' He went on: 'I've been very clear about the mistakes the last Labour government made. 'We were wrong not to ensure there were maximum transitional controls when new countries joined the European Union in 2004. 'And the reason we were wrong is that working people were seeing dramatic changes in their communities that were not planned or properly prepared for. 'And we won't make that mistake in future.' Conservative immigration minister James Brokenshire said: 'Nothing Ed Miliband is proposing would help control immigration. Labour sent out 'search parties for people' and under them net migration increased more than five-fold. 'Since 2010, we have stripped more than 850 bogus colleges of their rights to sponsor foreign students, cracked down on illegal working and sham marriages, made it harder for people to live in the UK illegally, and reduced the number of appeal routes to stop spurious attempts to remain in the country. 'And the next Conservative government will seek changes to the operation of European free movement rules as a key part of our plan to renegotiate Britain's relationship with the EU. 'But a vote for Ed Miliband would risk all of that with a Labour-SNP stitch up.'^Labour leader says speaking English is especially important in the NHS . Says communities cannot live together if they don't have shared language . Warns exploitation drives low-skilled migration and holds down wages . Admits it was wrong to open the doors to Poles in 2004 without curbs .
The Avengers have battled to save Earth from an alien invasion, the evil Loki and now, in the latest movie, face off against the killing machine Ultron. They do this, of course, with the help of numerous superpowers - including Iron Man’s suit, super-healing abilities and Captain America’s indestructible shield. But just how scientifically sound are some of these powers, and do any of them hold up to the laws of physics and chemistry as we know them? Scroll down for video . The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield. The video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities . In a video for Reactions, the American Chemical Society took a look at the science of Marvel's Avengers. It begins looking at Tony Stark, better known as Iron Man when he dons his iron suit of armour. His original suit, made only of iron, would have weighed around 70kg (150lbs) according to the ACS - not very comfortable or easy to move around in. He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy, but that would actually make things worse explained the video. ‘That suit would probably weigh around 160kg (350lbs), which might work for the Hulk but not for Tony Stark,’ said the narrator. However, Dr Raychelle Burks continued that it is later made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol. This is ‘strong but light, and can be reformed after taking damage,’ she said. ‘There may also be some graphite reinforced with carbon fibre, which can take a lot of heat - useful if Iron Man doesn’t want to singe his feet using those rocket boots.’ Tony Stark, better known as Iron Man when he dons his iron suit of armour and played by Robert Downey Jnr (pictured), made his original suit out of iron. He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy, but according to the ACS that would be heavy and uncomfortable - perhaps better for the Hulk than Iron Man himself . None of this would work, though, without Stark’s own portable nuclear power station - the Arc Reactor. In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character. So instead, he creates a new element - and Dr Burks said this might not be as far-fetched as it seems. He uses his own particle accelerator to smash the nuclei of atoms together and make a new type of atom, which is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as Cern. ‘Scientists have made 20 synthetic elements this way, so it’s not unbelievable that Stark would have made new elements to power his suit,’ said Dr Burks. The main skeleton of Raytheon;s exoskeleton, shown, is made from high-strength aluminium and steel, and weighs about 95kg (209lb) Iron Man’s superpowers don’t stem from a radioactive spider bite or exposure to gamma rays; they are simply the result of some very clever engineering - and quite a bit of money too. It makes sense then that we should try to replicate his powerful suit, and some companies are already coming incredibly close. Raytheon, an American defence contractor, has developed a super-strong robotic exoskeleton for the US Army. Soldiers can simply strap into the suit and its high-pressure hydraulic system will enhance their strength, agility and endurance, enabling them to be extremely physically active without risk of exhaustion or injury. The current version must be tethered to its power source, an internal combustion hydraulics engine, but an untethered version is expected to be operational by 2020. It’s not just the military that can benefit from exoskeletons, though, as Lockheed Martin has also designed a suit specifically to help workers operate heavy machinery. The Fortis helps to carry the weight of tools, enabling the operator to work for longer between breaks required to recover from muscle fatigue. Source: How It Works issue 72, 'Real-life superpowers' Tony Stark's suit is powered by his famous Arc Reactor, but in Iron Man 2, we learn that its palladium fuel source is slowly killing him. So instead, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems as it follows somewhat similar principles to those taking place at Cern . Stark isn’t the only one with super-human abilities, though. Both Captain America and Black Widow have super strength, quick reflexes - and, most interestingly - the ability to heal quickly. ‘In normal healing, a type of white blood cell called a macrophage fights infections and oversees the repair process,’ explains Dr Burks. While this can take two to five days in regular humans, the macrophages of Captain American and Black Widow appear to be super productive, helping them heal even more quickly. Both Captain America (left) and Black Widow (right) have super strength and quick reflexes, while and - most interestingly - the ability to heal  quickly. This could be due to having advanced macrophages, which let them fight infections and repair their bodies much quicker than us regular humans . And Captain America also has his shield as protection, which can deflect bullets, grenades, lasers and so on. Most of its protection appears to come from steel, although this is not a great shock absorber - and somehow Captain America is able to survive even the heaviest of blows from Thor’s hammer. The reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium which, while fictional, has some science at its core. Captain America also has his shield as protection, which can deflect bullets, grenades, lasers and so on. The reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium - which, while fictional, has some science at its core. It appears that this material can turn vibrational energy from an impact into light energy . ‘This material can absorb a near infinite amount of vibration energy without getting too hot or melting,’ explains Dr Burks. As evidenced by a flash of light as Thor’s hammer hits the shield, it appears this material can ‘convert vibrational energy to light energy,’ keeping the Captain safe. Of course, you have to suspend disbelief just a bit to assume this is possible - but perhaps the Avengers have more of a root in science than you thought.^Washington's American Chemical Society video explains the Avengers . It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit and Captain America's shield . And it also explains science behind Black Widow's super-healing abilities . The verdict is that some - but not all - of the science is plausible .
Colin Hendry appears at Blackpool Magistrates' Court where he admitted a drink driving charge . Former Scotland captain Colin Hendry has been banned from driving after he was caught drunk at the wheel of his Ford Focus. Hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, where he was seen speeding, a court heard. Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home. Now the former Premier League player who had spells with Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City, must travel around on his bike, a court heard. Hendry of  Lytham St Annes, admitted drink driving on the town's Church Road on February 21. He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. His lawyer Gwyn Lewis told Blackpool Magistrates' Court that Hendry's current income was 'meagre' and he asked for extra time for his client to pay fines and costs until he can start taking his offshore pension in mid May. Mr Lewis said Hendry, who is out of work, no longer wished to pursue a defence of 'special reasons' as a forensic report revealed he would have been over the limit at the time he was breath tested and there was no evidence that his drinks had been spiked. Peter Bardsley, prosecuting, said that a police officer in an unmarked car saw Hendry at 1am pulling away from a junction at speed. He followed Hendry who drove above a 20mph limit and then a 30mph limit sometimes going as fast as 50mph. The officer ordered Hendry's car to stop and smelled alcohol on him. He was arrested and a breath test revealed 63 microgrammes of alcohol in his breath. The legal limit is 35. The court heard Hendy, who played for Blackburn Rover and Manchester City, was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk after a row with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder . Argument: Hendry said he had rowed with Sarah Kinder, pictured. He has subsequently been arrested for allegedly breaking a restraining order . Mr Lewis said: 'Mr Hendry is a fit man and regularly cycles. He has not drunk for seven weeks before he was arrested. Playing career: Hendry captained Scotland and played for Blackburn Rovers, Manchester City, and Rangers . 'He started what some people call a dry January following the death of his wife in 2009.' 'However he was in an emotional state that day-and he decided to take a drink. However he knows what he drank and still cannot accept the reading from the breath test.' 'His finances are to say the least complicated. He was made bankrupt some years ago. His income is meagre until he can start taking his pension in mid-May.' Chair of the Bench Marilyn Padgett banned Hendry for 17 months. He was also offered a drink drivers' rehabilitation scheme which will reduce his ban by one third if he completes it. He was fined £110 and the magistrate said: 'We have based this on the lowest level and it will be deferred for six weeks to allow you to start your pension.' He was ordered to pay £200 court costs and £20 victims' surcharge. In 2010, Hendry was made bankrupt owing £2.2m to friends, family and the taxman. Last weekend he was arrested after allegedly breaking a restraining order which forbids him from contacting his beauty technician former girlfriend Ms Kinder. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.^Hendry, 49, was almost twice the limit for alcohol when he was stopped . Court heard he had rowed with his beauty therapist girlfriend Sarah Kinder . He was seen driving at up to 50mph in a 30mph zone by a police officer . Banned and ordered to pay a total of £330 - but asked for time to comply . Former defender was made bankrupt in 2010 owing millions .
A man, 21, allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car on Saturday and screamed, 'you will never see your parents again!' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride. Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. The Star Tribune reports that the girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xiong, whom she was dating, because of their age differences. Alleged kidnapper: Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St.Paul, Minnesota has been arrested after he allegedly tried to force his 15-year-old girlfriend to be his traditional Hmong bride . Xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and Xiong to marry in the Hmong tradition. The girl, who has not been identified because she is a minor, told police that Xiong was her 'boyfriend' and that they got into a physical argument over the prospect of marriage on Saturday night. Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car. Her parents were not home at the time. The girl told police that she managed to escape but that Xiong took hold of her a second time, forced her into his car, and took her to his family's home. When the girl's parents returned home from work at around noon on Sunday, they learned of the kidnapping from their oldest son. The girl's parents called Xiong's parents and demanded that they give them their daughter back. The girl's older brother later drove to the Xiong's home where they willingly let the girl go home. The girl told police that she and Xiong had been 'dating' in January and first had sex when she was just 14-years-old. The victim's father told police that Xiong asked him to marry his daughter on multiple occasions but that he said no because of their large age difference. Xiong admitted to kidnapping the girl and said that she tried to escape from him on Highway 26. This is not Xiong's first brush with the law. In 2009 Xiong was tried in juvenile court or sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl when he was 15. He pleaded guilty. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said about the case, 'This is a very disturbing case involving the victimization of a 15-year-old girl that cannot be tolerated in our community. 'Women and girls are not property, they are human beings who have every right to be free from violence and to live according to how they choose for themselves. 'We allege that the defendant has sexually exploited a minor who cannot legally consent to sex, and has taken violent actions to kidnap and hold the victim against her will.' According to Hmongculture.net, the Hmong are an ethnic group that come from Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, and Laos. In the late 1980s many Hmong people came to the United States after being sponsored by the Lutheran church. The majority relocated to St. Paul, Minnesota and Fresno, California. In traditional Hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl's family to wed her. If that method fails, there is a tradition of 'bride-napping' in Hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house when her parents are not home. If the girl does not accept a gift from her sometimes forceful suitor then she may go back to her family, says Ahmongwoman.com .^Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . Xiong allegedly tried to kidnap his 15-year-old girlfriend and force her to be his bride in a traditional Hmong marriage . In Hmong culture, bride-napping is a frowned-upon tradition in which a male suitor kidnaps his bride if her family does not approve of the marriage . Xiong pleaded guilty to sexual assault against a 13-year-old girl in 2009 when he was 15 .
It is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident Dundee United dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic Treble. ‘I believe we can win all three trophies,’ trumpeted goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak. ‘People might laugh at me but maybe in May we will have won the league and cups and I will be laughing.’ On Wednesday night against Dundee at Dens Park, however, those carefree early January days seemed so long ago as Cierzniak’s grip of the ball for Greg Stewart’s opening goal proved as tight as his grasp on footballing reality. Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara is under pressure following his side's recent slump . Dundee United failed to get their hands on the Scottish League Cup  as they fell to a 2-0 defeat by Celtic . Scottish Premiership outfit Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games . As United slumped to a first derby defeat in 11 years, the loss at Dens Park saw Jackie McNamara’s team make it 10 matches without a win. It’s not yet May but nobody is laughing at Tannadice as the club gets to grips with an implosion of cataclysmic proportions both on and off the park. It does seem a touch bizarre that all is not well at a club that has reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years; qualified for European competition in three of the last four years; finished in the Premiership top six in every one of the last seven years and won the Scottish Cup in 2010. Yet as United have dropped like a stone from early-season table-toppers to potentially even missing out on Europe, the fallout has come amid an increasingly acrid war of words surrounding revelations about McNamara’s entitlement to a cut from outgoing player sales. Those close to Tannadice speak of a series of damaging schisms developing on all sides between fans, board and manager; cumulatively casting increased uncertainty over McNamara’s future. Ahead of the annual general meeting of influential supporters’ group ArabTRUST, one leading fan told Sportsmail of ‘overwhelming unhappiness’ with McNamara’s bonus, while his recruitment and tactical nous are also being questioned. There is, he added, a growing belief among fans that the manager’s position is ‘untenable’. But this has been a slow-burning civil war. The seeds of the crisis that appear to have taken place at almost every level of the club were first sown at the end of the winter transfer window when chairman Stephen Thompson took the unpopular decision to sell star players Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic. As furious fans pointed out, hadn’t Thomson used the eve of last May’s Scottish Cup Final defeat by St Johnstone to declare Tannadice finances to be their finest since 1986 and vow there would be no player exodus, as occurred after the Scottish Cup win in 2010 under Peter Houston? Dundee United sold Stuart Armstrong (left) to Celtic during the January transfer window . Gary Mackay-Steven also sealed a winter move to Celtic on transfer deadline day . The Tannadice supremo even went as far as name-checking Armstrong along with Ryan Gauld and Andrew Robertson as players he would like to keep for ‘at least another year’ to help ‘compete’ with Celtic. Gauld and Robertson were quickly sold for £3million each last summer, although the fees for both made the sales palatable. Yet parting with Armstrong and Mackay-Steven just 48 hours after reaching a League Cup Final against a Celtic side Thompson had vowed to ‘compete’ with proved particularly painful for the rank and file. ‘I thought it was a strange decision, I must admit,’ said former United defender and BBC analyst Mark Wilson recently. ‘I can understand letting Mackay-Steven go because he had signed a pre-contract with Celtic but Armstrong is a different case. ‘United were in touching distance of Celtic and if you are serious about challenging, then you can sell him in June. ‘I read McNamara saying he wanted to keep both players but that they needed to balance the books. But they sold Gauld and Robertson for substantial fees in the summer and I read the chairman talking about how great the club’s finances are. ‘It was just a bit odd. Especially selling to Celtic, a rival, rather than an English team.’ At first, United closed ranks to slap down their detractors, reacting with an almost weary derision to anyone questioning the wisdom of selling key players at such a crucial part of the season. Dundee United striker Ryan Dow has scored just two league goals during the course of the current season . Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . After starting life post-Armstrong and Mackay-Steven with a comprehensive 3-0 Scottish Cup victory at Stranraer, the line spun was that the two players, while talented, did not constitute a two-man team. They were at pains to point out that as United stormed to the top of the Premiership at the start of the season, Armstrong was often injured while an off-form Mackay-Steven was regularly left on the bench. Indeed, it was argued that, together, the duo started just three of United’s first nine games of the campaign, of which McNamara’s side won seven, drew one and lost one. After that Stair Park victory, two-goal Ryan Dow was hailed as the man to step into Armstrong and Mackay-Steven’s goalscoring boots. Dow has not hit the net since. Worryingly, United then slumped to their first back-to-back defeats of the season and went on to lose the League Cup Final to Celtic. Bain refuses to react as the Turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at Den Park . Turkish forward Ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match . Jake McPake wheels away in celebration as helps Dundee earn first derby win in over a decade . Over the course of four March meetings with Ronny Deila’s men, United were dispatched from the Scottish Cup and defeated in the league, too, as McNamara’s season started to disintegrate. As the heat rose on Thompson, the United chairman first admitted the sales were a wrong footballing decision but correct from a financial standpoint. Curiously, though, the spotlight would then eventually turn on McNamara as ArabTRUST and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters’ Clubs released a statement saying they were shocked 25 per cent of £6.3m worth of transfer fees for Gauld, Robertson, Armstrong and Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties. United continue to deny the figures in question but eventually made the bombshell confirmation that McNamara was indeed entitled to a cut of player transfers. Even if it was done with the best of intentions — to reduce the manager’s salary in straitened times while bumping his earnings up if successful in developing young talent to sell — the revelation was toxic in the eyes of many fans. Their new-found ire towards a manager who led them to two consecutive finals has been further roused by United losing five-in-a-row for the first time since May 2006. Amid this poor run, St Johnstone defender Frazer Wright recently claimed that if McNamara’s men fall behind, ‘it gets in their heads’ and they ‘argue amongst themselves’. Dundee Utd goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak looks back at his goal after Mark Stewart opened the scoring . Stewart celebrates his derby goal with a fan as he runs over to the home faithful at Den Park . Defeat at Tannadice against hapless Hamilton — without a win in 12 games — is now rendered unthinkable, even if victory would clinch a top-six finish for city rivals Dundee. There are those within Dens Park who sense a real opportunity to become the first Dark Blues side to finish above United in the league since 2002-03. A loss, coupled with a win for on-form Dundee at St Johnstone, would see Paul Hartley’s men go above United in the table on Saturday. Few could have guessed that scenario when, in the first hours of 2015, United took Dundee apart in a record 6-2 derby win at Tannadice. Not least Paul Heffernan, who, as a Hibs player, was impressed by United in a thrilling 3-3 draw at Easter Road in the League Cup in October before McNamara’s side sneaked through on penalties. ‘I’m sure the fans would love us to finish above United — and it’s all to play for,’ said the Irish striker, who scored the third in Dundee’s 3-1 win at Dens on Wednesday night. ‘We’re only two points behind United now, so we’ve just got to keep going when the split comes. Dundee United's Chris Erskine goes down under a challenge from Stephen McGinn during the Dundee derby . Dundee's Paul Heffernan taps home his side's third goal of the game as they close in on derby victory . ‘I’m surprised that they have gone 10 games without a win. When I was still at Hibs earlier this season, we played them in the League Cup and they were a very good side. ‘It’s a long time not to win but they’ve still got very good players in the team. I’m sure they will come good again. ‘I’d actually like it if they came good against Hamilton on Saturday, though. That would be perfect because it would cement our place in the top-six. ‘So here’s hoping they can turn it around on Saturday because it would help us. It would be ironic, I know, if United clinched us a top-six place. ‘But we go to St Johnstone knowing we are definitely in the top six if we win there.’ While the tangerine half of Dundee mourns its fall from grace, the Dark Blues are in raptures after breaking a sequence of derbies without victory stretching back to November 2004. ‘Ending that run against United was a big motivating factor — and I felt that was the best I’ve seen us play,’ said Heffernan. ‘A lot of the players haven’t been here that long. But, for the sake of the fans who haven’t witnessed a win over United for such a long time, it was really important. We did it for them. I’m sure they will enjoy this one for a long time to come.’ After a long era in the shadow of their neighbours, Dundee are daring to dream. Amid a tangerine nightmare, however, for a United side in crisis, the Treble that once lay ahead has been replaced by trouble.^Jackie McNamara's Dundee United have lost their last five games . United's last defeat came against rivals Dundee on Wednesday . Goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak tipped his side to win treble in January . Fans believe McNamara's position at the club is  ‘untenable’
A father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises. Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry. At the time, emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive. Merge: An ambulance spokeswoman said the car 'literally embedded' itself into the back of the lorry . Father Marcin Wasniewski is volunteering at a Christian centre until he can return to work when he has recovered from his injuries. He believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him . Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst. Ambulance staff and firefighters were working to release him and were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . Yet as paramedics and firefighters worked to release him, they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided. Since then, paramedics have said the crash would certainly have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver. Now the dad-of-one has said he believes someone was watching over him that day. 'It was not luck. It was definitely Jesus Christ, son of God, that saved me,' he said. Marcin suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm. He's currently unable to work because of his injuries but he is volunteering for the Christ Celebration Centre in Lockhurst Lane, Foleshill, while he recovers. He also spoke of what he remembers about the night that nearly claimed his life. Father of one Mr Wasniewski said: 'Before the accident I remember everything. I can remember driving along. 'I don't remember the accident though - when the crash happened everything just went blank. 'The next thing I remembered was waking up in hospital. I left hospital after five days.' Road to recovery: There's barely a scratch on Marcin Wasniewski who walked away from the dramatic crash scenes, picture below, after driving into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry . Twisted metal: Paramedics say that the outcome would've 'certainly been fatal' if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver's side or if a passenger had been in the car . After the crash on March 8, it was reported how ambulance staff were stunned that Marcin had escaped life-threatening injuries. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman had described how thetrailer had 'literally embedded' itself into the windscreen of the car. She added that while paramedics and firefighters worked to release him, the driver 'got out of the badly damaged car unaided'. She said: 'Whilst being assessed in the back of the ambulance, paramedics discovered that he had escaped the serious injuries often expected in such a significant collision. 'The paramedic area support officer commented that, if the impact had have been a couple of inches further across into the driver's side or if there had been a passenger in the car, the outcome would've certainly been fatal.'^Trailer 'embedded' into car windscreen in smash on A444 in Coventry . Impact would have 'certainly been fatal' if a couple of inches closer to driver . Paramedics were shocked when Marcin Wasniewski walked out unaided .
Cannabis can kill cancer cells and helps shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumour, new advice reveals . Cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours, new advice reveals. The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The report states: 'Recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others. 'Evidence from one animal study suggests that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours. 'Research in mice showed that these extracts, when used with radiation, increased the cancer-killing effects of the radiation.' The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom. Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine. However, studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals. Currently two cannabinoids, of around 100, are of medical interest - THC and CBD. THC increases appetite and reduces nausea. It may also decrease pain, inflammation and muscle control problems. CBD is a cannabinoid that does not affect the mind or behaviour. It is thought to be useful in minimising pain and inflammation, controlling epileptic seizures and possibly treating mental illness and addictions. In the UK, THC is the active ingredient in the prescribed drug Sativex. It is currently only licensed to treat and relive the pain of muscle spasms in MS patients. Scroll down for video . The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients, including those suffering some brain tumours, pictured . Scientists are also conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies into the effects of marijuana on: . The new advice from the National Institute on Drug Abuse comes as a group of senators put pressure on the US federal government to recognise the medicinal value of the drug. Medication containing cannabinoids, from marijuana, is licensed to treat MS - pictured on a brain scan - patients in both the US and UK . The Compassionate Access, Research Expansion and Respect States Act was introduced in March. It proposes moving cannabis from a schedule I to a schedule II drug, recognising it has some medicinal value. The proposed bill does not, however, legalise marijuana in all states, but permits states to set their own policies, the Daily Caller reported. 'It couldn’t be any clearer that marijuana has medical value,' Tom Angell, chairman of the Marijuana Majority, told The Daily Caller. 'When even NIDA and the surgeon general are acknowledging that marijuana can help people who are suffering, it is time for the Obama administration to reschedule the drug. 'The attorney general can initiate that process today, and there’s no reason for him not to, especially when polling shows that such a huge majority of Americans supports medical marijuana.' Twenty-three states in the US currently have laws legalising the use of marijuana in some form. Four states - Colorado, Alaska, Oregon and Washington - have legalised the drug for both medicinal and recreational use. Meanwhile, California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Montana, Minnesota, Michigan, Illinois, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire, Hawaii and Maine have laws allowing people to use the drug for medicinal purposes.^National Institute on Drug Abuse admits cannabis has medicinal benefits . US guidance states drug can help kill some cancer cells and shrink others . Cannabinoids - chemicals in marijuana - currently used in medication to treat MS patients in both the US and UK . Autoimmune diseases, including HIV and AIDS, multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease . Inflammation . Pain . Seizures . Substance use disorders . Mental disorders .
One of Sydney's oldest surviving homes is expected to go under the hammer for $4million in the much sought after harbourside suburb of Millers Point next month. The heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain George Grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843. Boasting stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace, the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks. Scroll down for video . Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms and is set to sell for $4million . The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . The sandstone and brick home has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces, high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen . Less than 10 minutes walk to the city's centre - with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks - the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces, high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen. As if that wasn't enough to play with - there is also a separate private self-contained rear guest studio. Only one of two freestanding properties in the New South Wales Government's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb. Described as an 'extremely rare intact example of architecture' by domain.com.au, the protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway, changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building, The Daily Telegraph reported. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843 . The heritage-listed property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks . The protected property has strict guidelines including not permitting parking in the cobblestone side driveway, changes to the front or back facades or any additions or alterations made to the external colour of the building .^Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms . One of the oldest surviving homes in Sydney - the 185-year-old house was built by whaling captain George Grimes . Less than 10 minutes walk to the city's centre - the property boasts Sydney Harbour bridge views . Only one of two freestanding properties in NSW Goverment's social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area . The 50 Argyle Place property is situated in the much sought after postcode of Millers Point .
A father-of-two who chopped off his hand with an electric angle cutter is back at work just  weeks after surgeons reattached it. Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot in Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month. Back at work: Gary Lincoln is carrying out light duties at his workshop just weeks after he severed his hand . Mr Lincoln, who runs a furniture upcycling company a interior design firm, said: 'I didn't feel any pain at all. 'It was like hundreds and thousands of tiny electric shocks that didn't hurt, like very intense pins and needles. 'There was a lot of blood. I got my hand free and put it in my sleeve to hold everything together.' The accident happened when he was on his own using an angle cutter, which was fitted with a safety guard. Neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery at Swansea's Morriston Hospital. 'When it happened my main worry was stopping the bleeding but I was also thinking "That's it. I've just ruined my life",' Gary said. 'I'm right-handed but need both hands to do my work. I have a wife and two children. My life would have been devastated.' Orthopaedic surgeon Aso Mohammed re-attached the fractured bones using a plate and screws. Gary Lincoln (centre) with consultant plastic, reconstructive and hand surgeon Ian Josty (left) and orthopaedic surgeon Aso Mohammed (right) Neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery at Swansea's Morriston Hospital . Then plastic surgeons, led by consultant plastic, reconstructive and hand surgeon Ian Josty, repaired the tendons and performed microsurgical reconstruction to the severed nerves and major blood vessels. Waking up in hospital the next day and being able to move his fingers was, Mr Lincoln said, nothing short of a miracle. He added: 'I can move all my fingers, which is absolutely amazing. I cannot believe it. 'I didn't think I would have my hand working again properly. I thought my life was ruined. 'My hands are my work, so I thought I had lost everything.' Mr Lincoln was home a week later and is already carrying out some light duties in his workshop.^Gary Lincoln, 48, from Wales severed hand using an electric angle cutter . He was working in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade . Surgeons were able to reattached hand and he is back at work weeks later . Mr Lincoln said he 'didn't feel any pain at all' when he chopped hand off .
John Carver is threatening changes when Newcastle face Liverpool on Monday night as he admits concerns remain over the character of his players. It is no secret United are planning a major overhaul of their squad this summer and 'personality' will rank high when it comes to identifying transfer targets. The trip to Anfield is Newcastle's first outing since losing a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015. John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday . Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League . Moussa Sissoko (left), Vurnon Anita (centre) and Massadio Haidara (right) take a break during the session . And Carver said: 'Maybe I need to change the team and hope that sparks something. 'We are going to need characters and I want to see some energy. I didn't see energy last weekend. We talked about out-working the opposition but they out-worked us again. 'So there's something not right within their DNA when it comes to a derby game. 'There's something not right within their make-up. No matter how hard you try and no matter what you try and do, it's an issue.' Carver has now seen his Newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . Newcastle were beaten in last weekend's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe's stunning volley . That being the case, Carver says close-season recruitment will focus on mental attributes as much as physical. 'You've got to try and do as much homework as you can to find out about their personality,' he said. 'But with the amount of foreign players coming in now it's a tougher situation. 'I've done this in the past when I've gone to watch a player and sat with their fans. You can actually start having a conversation about them and try to find out a little bit about their character. What's he like? Does he get many red cards? Is he aggressive? Has he got a bit of a problem socially? All those little things help to build a bigger picture. 'But for now it is about finishing our season with pride and the players proving a point to themselves, because some of them are playing for their future.'^Newcastle have lost their last four Premier League games . John Carver's side lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby . The Magpies have won just twice in 2015 ahead of their Anfield trip .
Tate Ricks (pictured above), nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . Authorities are searching a Florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize. Putnam County Sheriff's Office said Tate Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not, according to CBS. The man was able to make it to shore, deputies said. On Sunday, officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy, Captain Joe Wells told First Coast News. Officials also said they plan to continue the air search later in the day bringing in divers. They hope to continue the search as long as conditions are safe, and stated previously the operation is for a rescue and not a recovery. Ricks, a third grade student at Kelly Smith Elementary School in Palatka, was reportedly with his grandmother's boyfriend fishing when the boating accident occurred. Their 14-foot johnboat was hit by the wake from a large boat around 5.30pm, according to News4Jax. The boy is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket, according to investigators, and the impact from the wake sent them both into the river. Crews began a rescue operation on Saturday around 6pm, and officials did confirm they discovered the capsized boat. Authorities said the search area for Ricks includes the St Johns River from US-17 to Memorial Bridge to the north, and Pico Road to the south . The Wildlife Conservation Commission is leading the investigation and the sheriff's office is leading the search, according to The Florida Times-Union. 'We are not going to send crews home tonight. They will remain on the river all night long,' Wells told News4Jax. 'We will switch to a different crew in the morning and continue right on through the weekend, into next week, whatever it takes to locate this young man and bring closure to his family.' A woman who identified herself as Ricks' grandmother said the family is working to stay positive. Suzette Guess told News4Jax: 'Everybody's just trying to hang together. Come together and do a lot of praying.' She described Ricks as a 'fun-loving kid' who liked hunting, fishing and NASCAR. 'Pray that they find him and that's he's okay. Just remember us and his mama. He's got a little sister think of her too,' she added. Wells told Times-Union that the incident is being investigated as a boating accident and that no foul play is suspected.^Tate Ricks was reportedly fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend in Florida when boat was hit by wake in St Johns River on Saturday . The unidentified man tried to rescue the boy but was unable to, police said . The man made it to shore but Ricks did not following the incident . Incident is being investigated as boating accident; no foul play suspected .
You don’t need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life -Newcastle on a Friday will do perfectly well. But if it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding. So here are a few suggestions. They’re all easy to reach, require no deep knowledge, and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be. Miracle mammals: You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain . Dolphins . Where: New Quay, Cardigan Bay, Wales. Time to visit: All year. This is the dolphin capital of Britain. You can sometimes see them in the harbour while you eat an ice cream. But book a boat trip out into the bay and you’ll seldom be disappointed. The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level. No one can see one and remain unchanged. Mother and young travel together, large groups are frequent, and on occasions they swim in their hundreds. Synchronised swimming on a different level. Details: 01545 560800, www.newquayboattrips.co.uk . Birds of a feather: You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water, especially during the summer . Ospreys . Where: Rutland Water, near Oakham, Rutland. Time to visit: April to September. This is a vast reservoir, but it’s also been made wild. It’s full of fish and 18 years ago ospreys were reintroduced, the first English ospreys for 150 years. These great raptors fly over the water and plunge in, talons first, from a great height, usually carrying off an unfeasibly large fish. They have reclaimed their place in Britain with a flourish. Details: 01572 737378, www.ospreys.org.uk . Sealsof approval: These magnificent marine creatures are visible on the northerly island of Stroma . Seals . Where: John O’Groats, Scotland. Time to visit: June 20-August 31. Britain doesn’t stop at John O’Groats. A boat trip north will take you to the island of Stroma, now uninhabited. You can cruise all around it and return in not much more than an hour — and you will have a breathtaking experience of seals in astonishing abundance. I counted getting on for 1,000 on my last visit. They were lying at their ease on the rocky beaches or swimming with a grace that looks impossible for creatures of such bulk. Details: 01955 611353, www.jogferry.co.uk . Stop off to see us: The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds . Red Squirrels . Where: Formby, Lancashire. Time to visit: All year. National Trust Formby, just outside Liverpool, offers the gentlest of woodland walks. And in the course of it you’ll meet red squirrels, a population that has hung on against all the odds. They are creatures of ridiculous charm with their large fluffy tufts on the ears. Details: 01704 878591, www.nationaltrust.org.uk/formby . Flying high: The white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to Scotland after it became extinct in the UK . Eagles . Where: Mull, Scotland. Time to vist: All year. This lovely island is the best spot in Britain for eagles. The warmer months are best and the eagle hide opens in April. The white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to Scotland after it became extinct in the UK due to illegal killing and has flourished on Mull. There are eagle boat trips, and a public viewpoint with attendant experts. It’s also the easiest place in Scotland to see golden eagles. Details: www.holidaymull.co.uk . Antlers aloft: October sees the secretive red deer at Minsmere suddenly shed their shyness . Red Deer . Where: Minsmere, Suffolk. Time to visit: October. Minsmere reserve is famous for birds, especially avocets, but in autumn, the shy and secretive red deer come out in the open, mad for sex. The RSPB sets up viewpoints, often with experts on hand. You can see the deer, often in large numbers, and it is hard to believe so many animals of such size can exist in lowland Britain. It feels more like Africa. Details: www.rspb.org.uk . X-factor: The stars of the colony at Bempton Cliffs are the puffins, clown-like birds that attract so much love . Puffins . Where: Bempton, Yorkshire. Time to visit: Spring, early summer. The birds assemble every year on the lofty cliffs around Flamborough Head. You can hear the colony for miles. The undisputed stars are the puffins, the clown-like birds that attract so much love. The bright coloured bills looks daft, but they’re wonderfully effective tools for catching and holding large numbers of sand eels and bringing them back to a cliff-top nest. Details: www.rspb.org.uk . A bright natural canvas: Swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats . Butterflies . Where: Hickling Broad, Norfolk. Time to visit: Late May to mid-July. These are not like the cabbage whites you see in your garden. Swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats. In Britain you can only find them in the Norfolk Broads. Make sure you pick a sunny day for your visit. At Hickling Broad, there are boardwalks through the reeds and in season these lovely butterflies are mating. They’re easy to see as they hurry across the top of the reeds. Details: www.norfolkwildlifetrust.org.uk . Beak practice: You can see wild wonders in London, like these Black Necked Swans and their cygnets . Waterbirds . Where: London Wetland Centre, Barnes, London . Time to visit: All year. You can see wild wonders without leaving London. The Wildfowl and Wetland Trust took on a disused reservoir on the banks of the Thames near Hammersmith Bridge and by 2000 had turned it into a kind of wild Tardis, larger inside than it is out. It’s teeming with ducks and waders. The top of the Peacock Tower affords the best view in London. Details: 020 8409 4400, www.wwt.org.uk .^Britain is home to a grand array of wildlife, from birds of prey to dolphins . You can glimpse the most magical of marine mammals at Cardigan Bay . You can also glimpse the elusive red squirrel at Formby in Lancashire .
Frances Bean Cobain has admitted she's not a big fan of her dad's music in a candid new interview. Speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about  her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck, the frontman's daughter revealed she's not really into Nirvana. 'I don't really like Nirvana that much,' she said. 'Sorry, promotional people, Universal.' Scroll down for video . Nevermind: Frances Bean Cobain, pictured here in September, has revealed she isn't a huge fan of her late father Kurt's music . SAINT LAURENT Babies 40 suede boots . Buy at Net a Porter . Visit site . She’s the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple, Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain, so it’s no surprise that Frances Bean Cobain has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste. Instead of wearing Converse like many young girls of her age might do, Frances turned to the grungiest high fashion designer of them all, Saint Laurent, when it came to choosing a pair of boots to invest in. Rocking a pussy bow black blouse with black embellished leggings, Frances made her knee-high suede booties the key piece of her outfit and they certainly make a grand statement with their luxe finish and eye-catching tan hue. Brown suede boots have been a key trend through autumn/winter 2014 and will continue to reign supremacy until next fall, so steal Frances' style now and buy these Saint Laurent booties for yourself at Net a Porter.  But hurry, they're selling out fast! If you're not willing to splash the cash, take a peek at our top alternatives in the style edit below, where Warehouse's versions with a slightly higher heel have shot to the top of our wish lists. Warehouse suede knee high boots . Visit site . ISABEL MARANT Étoile Ruth suede knee boots at Net-A-Porter . Visit site . DV by Dolce Vita Myste at 6PM . Visit site . TOPSHOP DASHER Knee High Boots (now reduced to £60) Visit site . 'I'm more into Mercury Rev, Oasis, Brian Jonestown Massacre,' she revealed to the music mag. 'The grunge scene is not what I'm interested in.' However she does recognise her late father's genius, and admitted some of his songs still bring her to tears. 'Territorial P*ssings is a f**king great song. And Dumb, I cry every time I hear that song. It's a stripped-down version of Kurt's perception of himself; of himself on drugs, off drugs, feeling inadequate to be titled the voice of a generation.' The 22-year-old, who lost her dad to suicide when she was just 20 months old, said it wasn't awkward for her as a child not being a huge fan of his music. Abandoned: The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide, which she describes as being 'abandoned in the most awful way possible' 'I would have felt more awkward if I'd been a fan,' she said. 'I was around 15 when I realized he was inescapable. Even if I was in a car and had the radio on, there's my dad. He's larger than life, and our culture is obsessed with dead musicians. We love to put them on a pedestal. 'If Kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible . . . But he wasn't. He inspired people to put him on a pedestal, to become St. Kurt. He became even bigger after he died than he was when he was alive. You don't think it could have gotten any bigger. But it did.' In the revealing interview, Frances also divulges why she thought her father shot himself exactly 21 years ago today, aged just 27. 'Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art, because the world demanded it of him. 'I think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he didn't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him. Left behind: Frances and her mother Courtney Love at the January premiere of documentary film Kurt Cobain: Montage Of Heck at the Sundance Film Festival . 'There is, with any great artist, a little manic-ness and insanity. So many people are content to settle. 'My dad was exceptionally ambitious. But he had a lot thrown on him, exceeding his ambition. He wanted his band to be successful. But he didn't want to be the f**king voice of a generation. 'In reality, if he had lived, I would have had a dad. And that would have been an incredible experience.' While serving as an executive producer on the acclaimed documentary, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival this year, Frances said she told writer director Brett Morgen she didn't want to focus on the romanticism or mythology of her father. 'Even though Kurt died in the most horrific way possible, there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him, because he's 27 forever,' she said. 'The shelf life of an artist or musician isn't particularly long. Kurt has gotten to icon status because he will never age. He will always be that relevant in that time and always be beautiful. Too soon: Cobain was found shot dead in his home in Seattle exactly 21 years ago on Wednesday, aged just 27 . The visual artist also revealed that her fathers ex bandmates Dave Grohl, Krist Novoselic and Pat Smear get the 'K.C. Jeebies' when they see her, partially because she sounds just like Kurt. 'His speaking voice is sort of similar to mine. It's sort of a monotone,' she said. 'The depth to it is similar to the way I speak. I don't know what the f**k that is. I wasn't even talking when he was around. 'It's very weird how genes are. Dave, Krist and Pat came over to a house where I was living. It was the first time they had been together in a long time. And they had what I call the "K. C. Jeebies," which is when they see me, they see Kurt. They look at me, and you can see they're looking at a ghost. They were all getting the K. C. Jeebies hardcore. 'Dave said, "She is so much like Kurt." They were all talking amongst themselves, rehashing old stories I'd heard a million times. I was sitting in a chair, chain-smoking, looking down like this,' she said, pretending to look bored. 'And they went, "You are doing exactly what your father would have done." 'But I was glad they came over,' she smiled. 'It was a cool experience, like having a Nirvana reunion minus one. Except for his spawn.' Frances also said of her dad's relationship with her mother Courtney Love: 'I always knew that their relationship was toxic. And I don’t promote having a fix-it baby, which is what I was - to fix their problems. 'But I know from the video footage and letters that I have that Kurt wrote me... my dad did love me.' Spooky: The visual artist said she gave Kurt's ex Nirvana bandmates the 'KC Jeebies' when they see her, because they are 'looking at a ghost'^Tells Rolling Stone in revealing interview how she was never a fan of her father's band, preferring Oasis . Speaking about the documentary film she executive produced Montage Of Heck she says her dad 'never wanted to be the voice of a generation' Suggests he killed himself because 'the world demanded he sacrifice every bit of himself to his art' Says his former band mates are freaked out by how much she looks and sounds like him . Kurt Cobain was found shot dead in his home exactly 21 years ago on Wednesday, aged 27 .
Centennial, Colorado (CNN)After months of intensive questioning, a jury has finally been picked for the trial of Colorado movie theater massacre suspect James Holmes. Twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. The group includes 19 women and five men. It's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged. It's a key step in the case, and it's been a long time coming. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. But the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up. Holmes' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated Tuesday. The judge denied their request, noting that a jury had already been seated. Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27. Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" on July 20, 2012. The one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. Now 27, he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. If convicted of the most serious charges, he could face a death sentence. Wearing a gray dress shirt and tan slacks, Holmes sat quietly in court on Tuesday, looking relaxed and leaning back in his chair for much of the day as lawyers made their picks from the jury pool. He looked down often, but smiled occasionally, such as when the judge made a joke about a juror needing to share his Cheetos and when the district attorney accidentally addressed a male juror as a "Miss." Even though he looked calm, defense lawyer Tamara Brady started her question and answer session with jurors Tuesday by expression concerns about Holmes getting a fair and impartial trial, saying "I'm nervous" and "my client is nervous." District Attorney George Brauchler warned jurors to brace themselves. Tuesday's court session, he said, was the lawyers' last chance to find out if there is "any reason you shouldn't be one of the 24 to sit through the four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine." CNN's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Centennial City. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta. CNN's Michael Martinez contributed to this report.^In the murder trial of James Holmes, 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected . The mostly middle-aged group includes 19 women and five men . Jury selection started in January; opening statements are scheduled to begin on April 27 .
A husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man, from Leumeah, 52 kilometres south-west of Sydney, had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home. A police spokesperson confirmed  that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . 'Inquiries later revealed the woman had sustained the injuries after jumping from the first-floor balcony of the residence following an alleged domestic dispute,' a police statement said. After charging the man with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm, officers uncovered a lengthy history of ongoing abuse by interviewing the woman over the next four weeks. A total of 102 separate incidents were recorded. 'This included allegations of ongoing verbal harassment, serious physical assaults and multiple sexual and indecent assaults,' a police statement said. The man faced Campbelltown Local Court (pictured) on Wednesday. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 . The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday where he was charged with the 102 offences which included 'solicit to murder, assault occasioning actual bodily harm, assault with act of indecency, intentionally choke person, contravene AVO, sexual intercourse without consent and common assault'. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10. The Australian government is cracking down on domestic violence. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years. 'We are a fairly laconic laidback society, but we cannot be laconic and laidback when it comes to domestic violence; we have to have a zero tolerance on it,' Mr Morrison said, while urging men to 'challenge each other's ideas' around the topic, according to the ABC. Meanwhile the Council of Australian Governments meeting (COAG) today discussed the establishment of a national Domestic Violence Order scheme which would strengthen protection orders across jurisdictions. State leaders will also decide whether they will help fund a $30 million awareness campaign on the issue. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.^A man has been charged with more than 100 domestic-violence offences, which were allegedly committed over 18 years . The man, from Leumeah, in Sydney's south-west, faced court on Wednesday and was remanded in custody . Police arrested him in February after the woman, 51, jumped from a balcony to escape him, fracturing her leg .
Excrement thrown at the statue of British colonialist Cecil John Rhodes has triggered a wave of protests across South Africa against 'racist' historical figures. Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters as statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. War memorials were also defaced. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse. Object of anger: This statue of Queen Victoria outside the Port Elizabeth city library in South Africa is among a number of memorials to British colonials that have been vandalised during protests against 'racist' figures . A statue of a British soldier lays on the ground after being broken off its base in Port Elizabeth, South Africa . The defaced statue of British mining magnate and politician, Cecil John Rhodes, is lifted by a crane, from its position at the University of Cape Town (left), while (right) a chair marks the spot on the plinth where the decades old bronze statue stood before it was vandalised . In the latest demonstration, vandals smeared paint the figure of a young Mohandas Gandhi. Standing in the square in downtown Johannesburg named for Mahatma Gandhi, the memorial marks the Indian anti-colonial leader's time in South Africa, where he formulated the principle of passive resistance. The protester, who smudged white paint on Gandhi's cloak, accused him of being racist during his time in the country. Founding fathers of Afrikaner nationalism were also targeted. In Pretoria, the memorial of 19th century Afrikaner leader Paul Kruger was twice daubed with bright green paint, while the statue of Marthinus Pretorius, who founded the capital city, was splashed with reddish brown paint, according to local media reports. The statue of Louis Botha, the president of the South African Union in the early 1900s, was smeared with red and blue paint outside parliament in Cape Town on the same day that the Rhodes sculpture was removed from its perch overlooking the University of Cape Town after weeks of student protest. In the Free State province, a statue of Boer General Jan Fick was splashed with red paint in the town named after him in 1883, Ficksburg. Another statue is cleaned down after being splashed with green paint on Pretoria's Church Square . Security guards (left) walk past a statue of former South African statesman and Afrikaner leader Louis Botha, which has been defaced with red paint outside the South African parliament building in Cape Town . Several people have been arrested and local authorities have spent thousands of dollars cleaning up the statues. The opposition party, the Economic Freedom Fighters, has come out in support of its members who have claimed responsibility for these acts of vandalism. It comes days after white solidarity groups held protests over the removal of a statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes from the University of Cape Town after it was daubed with excrement. Members of the university council ordered that the bronze sculpture be removed after hearing its presence made black students feel uncomfortable and was seen a symbol of historical white oppression. The defaced statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is tied by straps to a crane before its removal at the University of Cape Town. It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue . The monument has been vandalised in recent weeks. It has not yet been decided where it will be moved . The government backed the move, with Sandile Memela, the spokesman for the arts and culture ministry, saying they are working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on statues and other colonial symbols. 'It marks a significant... shift where the country deals with its ugly past in a positive and constructive way', he said to press agency AFP, adding the government did not encourage the violent removal of statues. But the decision to move the monument of Rhodes – a 19th century imperialist who critics say helped pave the way for apartheid – has sparked protests in itself. The youth wing of white Afrikaner solidarity group AfriForum handed a memorandum to parliament in Cape Town to 'demand protection' for their heritage. The same statue was covered in plastic bags after protests by students and staff at the university in March . The university's council heard that black students felt uncomfortable because of the bronze monument . Politician and businessman Cecil Rhodes is called a 'racist' by his opponents. Born in 1853, he made his fortune in diamond mines, and entered into politics as an outspoken supporter of colonialism. He later founded Rhodesia - modern-day Zimbabwe - which was named after him. He believed England was the 'master race', and wanted to draw a 'red line' railway from Cairo to Cape Town for the British Empire - spanning the entire continent of Africa. While his supporters say he brought political and physical infrastructure to South Africa, others say his actions laid the groundwork for apartheid by restricting the rights of black Africans to work. While they are not recognised as supporters of Rhodes, statues of their heroes have been attacked during the university protests. A monument of former president Paul Kruger was splattered with paint, and Afrikaner men, some of them in quasi-military outfits, demonstrated next to it on Wednesday. 'The Afrikaner is -- from a historical perspective -- increasingly being portrayed as criminals and land thieves,' solidary group Afriforum said in a statement. 'If the heritage of the Afrikaner is not important to Government, our youth members will preserve our own heritage.' It has not been decided where the statue of Rhodes will end up, although it will likely be held in a museum. But as tension grow on campuses about the statues of historical South African figures, Jonathan Jansen – the first black vice-chancellor of the University of the Free State – denied that there was a race war coming. He wrote in South African newspaper The Times on Thursday: 'The reason is simple: the overwhelming majority of South Africans, black and white, believe in a middle path somewhere between reconciliation and social justice.' Cecil Rhodes, pictured on the right, in 1896 in Rhodesia with an unknown companion and a black manservant . People look the defaced statue of former South African president Paul Kruger in Church Square, Pretoria .^Tributes to South African colonial past defaced by young black protesters . Wave of protests triggered after statue of Cecil John Rhodes was defaced .
19 Kids and Counting stars Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness- and health-conscious, and now that they are expecting their first child, they have to adapt their lifestyle. Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben   announced the the news of their pregnancy ina video for TLC.com, which featured them both making health smoothies, and Jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly, to ensure that she can remain fit and active while expecting. Speaking to People magazine, the reality star explained that when it comes to exercising: 'I'm just trying not to overdo it right now. I am still working out, but not trying to break any records. Scroll down for video . Expecting: Jessa Duggar and her husband Ben Seewald recently revealed that she is pregnant with their first child . Announcement: The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary . 'I want to gain a little less weight and not stress out about it. I do want to make sure that I'm eating healthy. You are eating for two but the other is, like, a speck. I am trying to make healthy choices now that I'm entering my second trimester.' The pair, who married after a chaste courtship, are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle and are often seen on the Duggars’ hit reality series enjoying healthy dinners or working out together, something which viewers saw frequently during the build-up to the couple’s wedding, during which time Jessa was incredibly keen to trim down her already-toned physique. A recent episode of the show even saw Jessa pushing Ben's truck down the road while wearing workout pants covered with knee-length skirts to maintain their 'standard of modesty'. Jessa also frequently posts recipes and photos of healthy foods she's trying out on Instagram. Juiced up: Jessa and Ben are both champions of healthy eating, and even announced their pregnancy in an adorable video while making smoothies . Push it along: While getting ready for her wedding, Jessa stepped up her workout, part of which involved pushing her fiance's truck down a dirt road with her siblings inside . Interesting attire: The women in the religious Duggar family wear skirts over their workout pants to maintain their 'standard of modesty' As for her pregnancy diet, when Jessa discovered the news, she said that she thought she would take after other Duggar mothers when it came to her pregnancy cravings, but admitted that this hasn’t been the case. 'I am feeling pretty good,' she added to People. 'I thought I'd crave pickles and lemons because my mother did, but I couldn't stand them. 'I'm hoping I'm having triplets because I've been eating so much!' However, Jessa does admit she will be looking to her older sister Jill for advice, as the 23-year-old just welcomed a son Israel with husband Derick Dillard on April 6, and is also a trained midwife. Jill kept up her exercise during the later months of pregnancy by walking on the treadmill while listening to sermons. 70 hours later: Jessa's sister Jill Dillard (pictured) welcomed her son Israel on April 6 with her husband Derick after almost three full days of labor . Busy 2015 for the Duggars: Three women in the family were pregnant at once including Jill Dillard (l), Jessa (r) and their older brother Josh's wife Anna (c) Ben and Jessa plan to hire a midwife and have the baby at home, but understand that things do not always go to plan. Jessa added that she is not dwelling on the intense 70-hour labor her sister Jill went through earlier this month, insisting that 'Every birth story is unique.' The baby, who is due on Jessa and Ben's one year wedding anniversary, will be the sixth grandchild for Jessa's parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar after Jill's new addition and eldest Duggar son Josh's three children young and one more expected in June. Ben, who has worked in property maintenance for Duggar patriarch Jim Bob and has aspirations to enter the ministry, has apparently been waiting on his wife 'hand and foot'.^Jessa, 22, and her husband Ben Seewald, 19, revealed earlier this month that they are expecting their first child in November . The couple are known to be incredibly passionate about health and fitness . Jessa’s older sister Jill, who gave birth earlier this month, remained very active throughout her pregnancy .
Holidaying with the lair of a tiger as your closest neighbour might not sound like the cleverest idea in the world but it is certainly a once-in-a-lifetime experience that won't be forgotten. For £3,500, tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals. Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. A safari stay in Russia offers tourists the chance to spot, and sleep near, one of the world's most endangered animals- the Siberian tiger . Bespoke holiday providers Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers, and setting camera traps with the experts in the hope of catching an insight into the lives of these endangered predators. They will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist who has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger. The facilities are described as 'basic' and guests are provided with a translator throughout the stay. The daily activity is to explore the Reserve in the hope of picking up tracks of the Siberian tigers that reside in this area. This shot was captured at night as a Siberian Tiger walked down a narrow road in the Durminskoye Reserve, where guests can stay . Huntsman’s hut in the forest – sustainable hunting is still allowed in the forest and the hut is also used as a base of operations . The safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face-to-face with the animals themselves, which is why still and video cameras are set up. The images and footage from these actively assist Alexander and his team as they work to save the tigers of the region from extinction. Managing Director of Natural World Safaris and expert in wildlife encounters, Will Bolsover, told MailOnline Travel: ‘The trip is one of the rarest wildlife travel opportunities remaining today. Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist, has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger . Inside Balatov's hut, dedicated to the natural world as you might expect with a range of feathers and animal bones . 'Spending time with Alexander Batalov in the home of the some of the last remaining Siberian tigers in Russia’s Far East, setting camera traps, tracking tiger footprints and collecting vital conservation data is a superb opportunity.’ It is estimated the current wild population of Siberian tigers under 400, making the species officially endangered. Siberian tigers were once found throughout the Russian Far East, northern China, and the Korean peninsula but by the 1940s, hunting had driven the species, also known as the Amur tiger, to the brink of extinction with no more than 40 individuals remaining in the wild. While the population has now stabilised somewhat, sightings in the wild are extremely rare as the tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies and a limited density of prey means they have to search over large areas to find food. Guests will stay in a wooden cabin on the Natural World Safari trip to see the Siberian tiger . 'Guests will be staying directly in the heart of the tigers' habitat, but with the cats being extremely elusive, it obviously isn’t guaranteed that they will even come face to face with a tiger at all,' Bolsover said. 'While they are out setting camera traps and observing scent trails, footprints, scratch marks on trees, they will be exactly where the tigers tread. 'While they are out in the forest or in the camp, a tiger could be 20m away, 200m away, or as far as two miles away- it’s difficult to put a numerical value on it.' Click here for more information regarding the safari trip.^Natural World Safaris offers tourists the opportunity to share space with the endangered species . The seven-day package includes 'basic accommodation' and no guarantee you'll see a rare tiger . Guests are guided by conservationist Alexander Batalov, who works tirelessly to protect Siberian tigers .
There are growing concerns that Google's  Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations. The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app's police-tracking function. The Waze app, which operates like a free GPS navigation tool, allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more, so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location. There are growing concerns that Google's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations. This image taken from the  app on an iPhone, in Washington, shows police at the scene on a map on the app . Waze, which Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion has 50million users in 200 countries, a number which is growing. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers. Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police . However, several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed police officer Wenjian Liu and his partner Rafael Ramos in December while they sat in their squad car. Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers and posted screenshots of the app on Instagram. He wrote of his admiration for Waze, according to screenshots taken by Breitbart, which he was using to track two officers in Staten Island, New York. The post was said to be made in early December. He used the same account to announce his intentions to gun down the two officers in Brooklyn, styling it as a revenge attack for the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. It has since been deleted. Investigators do not believe he used Waze to ambush the officers, because police say Brinsley tossed his cellphone far from where he shot the officers. A Waze spokesperson said in a statement to MailOnline: 'Waze was not used in the attack on the two New York City police in Brooklyn in December, nor has it ever been used to attack law enforcement officer. 'It is not possible to “stalk” or follow a police officer by using Waze.' 'There are many ways the police feature supports officer safety and the overall goals of law enforcement. Namely, police partners have told Waze they want to be seen, often publishing 'speed trap' locations ahead of time in the US. Cop tracker: Screenshots emerged of Brinsley posting to Instagram about his use of the Waze app - on which users post updates . 'The US national Move Over law requires drivers to move one lane away from emergency or law enforcement vehicles when stopped; our alerts work to keep police safer as drivers are notified before they round a turn or pass one unexpectedly while driving highway speeds.' After typing in their destination address, users just drive with the app open on their phone to passively contribute traffic and other road data, but they can also take a more active role by sharing road reports on accidents, police traps, or any other hazards along the way, helping to give other users in the area a 'heads-up' about what's to come. In addition to the local communities of drivers using the app, Waze is also home to an active community of online map editors who ensure that the data in their areas is as up-to-date as possible . But the Los Angeles police chief insists it does endanger lives and wrote a letter to the tech company's CEO. According to the document police chief Charlie Beck sent to Google CEO Larry Page on December 30, people are using the 'unwitting' Waze community as 'their lookouts for the location of police officers.' 'I am concerned about the safety of law enforcement officers and the community, and the potential for your Waze product to be misused by those with criminal intent to endanger police officers and the community,' the letter said. Google (which acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion) claims the app 'is all about contributing to the 'common good' out there on the road,' the risks far outweigh the potential benefits, reports CNN. Sheriff Mike Brown of Bedford County, Virginia, said states might pass laws to prevent people from revealing the locations of parked police cruisers. Privacy advocates, however, said First Amendment protections will stand in the way. 'Waze represents person-to person information in the public square,' said Nuala O'Connor, head of the Center for Democracy and Technology, a Washington civil liberties group, who said she uses the software. 'And that's long been a U.S. right under the Constitution.' There are no known connections between any violent attack on police and the Waze software.^Google is being put under pressure to turn off Waze, following fears it might put officers' lives at risk . Waze helps drivers avoid congestion, accidents and traffic cameras . App, owned by Google, also warns drivers when police are nearby .
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested after allegedly having a sexual relationship with a student during her first year of teaching at Danbury High School . A 24-year-old high school science teacher who was arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student and providing him with alcohol appeared in court on Monday. Kayla Mooney, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials. Kayla Mooney, who was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School turned herself in to police. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair. Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations, according to CBS New York. Though she appeared in Danbury Superior Court on Monday, her arraignment on charges of second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor was postponed because her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors. Sal Pascarella, the superintendent of schools, sent high school parents a message last month to inform them of the teacher's arrest. 'We are all very disappointed that this has happened to one of our faculty members,' Pascarella said, but added: 'Obviously, there is a whole process we have to go through with this investigation. At this point, these are allegations.' Kayla Mooney, 24, was seen leaving Danbury Superior Court in Monday after she was arrested for allegedly having sex with a student . Mooney was allegedly busted after she complained to school administrators that the boy's girlfriend was harassing her . The teacher was done in by emails she exchanged with the student, police allege . Mooney, who grew up in Danbury, attended North Dakota State University and Western Connecticut State University. Property records show she still lives with her family in Danbury. She taught chemistry and physics classes at the school, the Danbury Daily Voice reported. She is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February, according to the News Times. The first, Sacred Heart University instructor Timothy Leonard, was put on leave on February 11 after allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy in an SUV parked in a movie theater parking lot. Then a first-grade teacher, Brian Stroh, resigned from Bethel Elementary School on February 19 and has been charged with sexually abusing three children. He has been released on bail. After Mooney complained the the boy's girlfriend was harassing her, the school launched a seven-week investigation in which the boy told police about his sexual relationship last year with the science teacher .^Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching in Danbury, Connecticut, 'engaged in sexual contact with a male student off campus last year' She appeared in court on Monday but arraignment was postponed after her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors . She turned herself in March following a seven-week-long police investigation after administrators learned of the alleged relationship .
Jamie Robbins (above) handed himself into the police a year after he stole £1,600 from a convenience store in Birmingham with an accomplice because he preferred life in jail . A robber handed himself into police a year after he raided a convenience store saying he preferred life in jail. Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from the Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham, with an accomplice on January 13, 2014. The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me.' Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday. Ayoub Khan, defending, said Robbins had felt he could not cope outside of prison and wanted to go back behind bars. But Mr Khan added that the day before his court appearance Robbins discovered his girlfriend was pregnant - and no longer wanted to be given a custodial sentence. 'There has been an enormous change in direction of his life. He now has purpose in his life,' he said. Judge Murray Creed, sentencing, described the events as 'unusual' as the inquiry had stopped. He said: 'But for your surrender it does not look as though matters would have recommenced. This was a group attack, planned, and there was a weapon and disguises.' Robbins, of no fixed address, gave detectives full details of the robbery. He explained how he and another masked man had waited outside the store until a woman and her small child had finished their shopping. Robbins then burst into the shop with a machete and his accomplice, and demanded the shopkeeper hand over the safe. Judge Murray Creed, sentencing, described the events as 'unusual' at the hearing at Birmingham Crown Court (above) He threatened the owner with the knife and the pair escaped with £1,600, which they split between them. Robbins even told police the getaway driver did not get his cut because he had not waited in the car as had been agreed. Christopher Lester, prosecuting, said: 'The day before the incident, Robbins was called and asked if he wanted to be in a robbery. 'The next day he met two other men and the defendant took the weapon.' Mr Lee added that the original police investigation had not been successful and Robbins was only convicted because of the evidence he gave in interview.^Jamie Robbins raided a Select 'n' Save shop in Birmingham last January . Case was not solved until he walked into a police station and confessed . 35-year-old was sentenced to four-and-a-half years on Thursday .
The finish might have been uncharacteristically scruffy, scored after his first shot came back off the keeper, but it was a landmark goal for Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Saturday as he made it 400 goals for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia. Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez scored with practically his first, putting Barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds. Between the two strikes Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty as Valencia dominated the first half but they couldn't make their pressure tell. For Messi, still only 27, it was another milestone. 'I hope to score many more,' he wrote on his Facebook page. Lionel Messi (left), Luis Suarez (centre) and Neymar celebrate Suarez's goal in the first minute for Barcelona against Valencia . Suarez (left) lashed the ball in after neat play from Messi to continue his fine form for Barcelona . Valencia enjoyed a better first half, despite the scoreline and captain Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute . Bravo celebrates his penalty save but Barcelona were fortunate to take a lead into half time . Messi tapped in Barcelona's second goal in stoppage time to seal the victory over Valencia . The Argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games with 309 goals in the league, 75 in the Champions League and 32 in the Copa del Rey. Goals in the World Club Cup and the Spanish and European Super Cup have also made up the stratospheric total. He also has 141 assists to his name in those 471 matches. Afterwards Luis Enrique said: ‘Messi gave us what he always gives us. But it’s not just about him it’s about the whole forward line and the whole team.’ Suarez was once again decisive after his two goals in midweek against PSG in the Champions League and he is now just six games from picking up a league winners medal in his first season. The early strike would have counted for nothing however if Valencia had made their first-half domination pay and had Bravo not stopped that eighth-minute penalty. As Messi raced from inside his own half to get the late late second, Enrique could be seen jumping up and down in the technical area long before the ball was in the back of the net. He knows what a major hurdle his side have now cleared. The victory sees Luis Enrique's side move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday . Messi skips past two Valencia challenges as Barcelona secured an important win against La Liga's fourth placed side . Messi attempts an acrobatic kick for Barcelona against Valencia in the La Liga encounter at the Nou Camp on Saturday . Barcelona were ahead inside the first minute with a move that swept from one end of the pitch to the other starting with Bravo releasing the ball quickly and finishing with a first time finish from Suarez past Diego Alves into far corner. Between the two Barca moved the ball quickly with Sergi Busquets releasing Messi and his pass poked home by the Uruguayan who has now scored 12 goals in his last 12 games. Far from being shell-shocked by the early set-back Valencia unleashed the big guns and Barcelona were under-fire for the rest of the first half. Paco Alcacer and Rodrigo both went close and were running an out-of-sorts Gerard Pique ragged. On eight minutes Valencia should have equalized. Rodrigo went down easily under a half challenge from Pique. It was a generous spot-kick and Bravo got down well to Parejo’s kick to save it. With a full Camp Nou sensing that a win here would be a huge step towards the title for Barcelona, and Valencia in a scrap of their own to finish in the top four the game was being played at cup final pace. Parejo flattened Busquets who for once he didn't need to exaggerate the fall as he crashed to ground. And full-back Orban risked a first half sending off with foul after foul. He was shown a yellow and never appeared for the second period. Adding to the drama was the panic in Barcelona’s defence. Pique was either failing to stay on his feet or giving the ball to Valencia forwards. The falling down was contagious with Adriano – another who didn’t come out for the second half – also losing his footing despite the perfect playing conditions. Neymar (right) attempts a diving header for Barcelona as his side looked to increase their lead at the top of La Liga . Barcelona have a five-point lead over Madrid, who could cut the deficit to two points with victory over Malaga . Alcacer continued to threaten. It’s not difficult to see why on-loan Manchester City forward Alvaro Negredo, who Valencia are obliged to buy this summer, cannot get a game at the moment. It is also why many Spain supporters think Diego Costa should not be Vicente Del Bosque’s first choice. Alcacer led the line and with Sofiane Feghouli and Rodrigo buzzing around him. Valencia gave Barcelona more problems than any visiting side at the Nou Camp this season. Alcacer came the closest in what remained of the first half making room for a shot from the edge of the area and hitting the base of Bravo’s post but Barca remained a threat on the break. In their best move Messi and Suarez linked with Neymar who pulled the ball back to Xavi instead of finishing. The midfielder set-up Messi and his shot flashed wide. Games at the Nou Camp can be like bull fights that used to be held in Catalonia before they were banned. Everyone in the arena knows the bull loses, it’s just a matter of when. But Valencia had worn the horns in the first half and Barcelona were relieved to get down the tunnel at half time still in one piece and still 1-0 up. The second half brought more calm to a Barcelona defence that now had Mascherano back alongside Pique after his first half spent in midfield. Valencia carried less threat and Barca went close with Neymar heading wide and Messi hitting the bar with a free-kick. He won a the kick with a brilliant run away from Parejo who up-ended him and his effort beat Diego Alves but not the frame of the goal. With 25 minutes left he moved to centre-forward as Suarez was taken off. There was no Neymar style sulk as he made his way off to a thunderous reception from the home fans. He goes into Tuesday’s game against PSG looking for his 20th goal of what has been an excellent first season. Negredo replaced Alcacer and immediately Valencia had their best chance of the second half with Bravo palming away Rodrigo’s shot. But there was to be no reward for all their fire and invention and when Messi raced clear to score the second with the last kick of the game it was all over in every sense.^Luis Suarez scored Barcelona's opening goal against Valencia in the first minute of the game . Claudio Bravo kept out a tame penalty from Valencia captain Dani Parejo in the ninth . Lionel Messi sealed the three points with one of the final kicks of the game .
A weakening U.S. economy spilled into the job market in March as employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since December 2013 – snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday. The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth. Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending. Scroll down for video . NUMBERS: Labor Department data shows the US economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in March, half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013 . GREEN JOBS ECONOMY? President Barack Obama was in Utah on Friday to promote an initiative that would see US veterans hired to work for the solar electricity industry . Some of the weakness may prove temporary: An unseasonably cold March followed a brutal winter that slowed key sectors of the economy. Last month's subpar job growth could make the Federal Reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in June, as some have been anticipating. The Fed may decide that the economy still needs the benefit of low borrowing costs to generate healthy growth. Reflecting that sentiment, government bond yields fell Friday. The yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury note dropped to 1.84 percent from 1.90 percent before the jobs report was released. U.S. stock markets are closed in observance of Good Friday. Economists noted that for months hiring had been stronger than other gauges of the economy, suggesting that a pullback in job gains was inevitable. 'Job growth has been running at a stupendous pace in America over the last several months, increasingly out of tune with other economic indicators, which have pointed to a slowdown,' James Marple, senior economist at TD Economics, wrote in a research note. 'The reckoning in March closes at least some of this gap.' At the same time, some said last month's data looks bleak in part because hiring had been so robust in the months that preceded it. 'Employers aren't laying people off,' noted Patrick O'Keefe, director of economic research at the accounting and consulting firm CohnReznick. 'What they've decided to do is slow down the pace at which they're hiring until they have more confidence.' Last month, the manufacturing, building and government sectors all shed workers. Factories cut 1,000, snapping a 19-month hiring streak. Construction jobs also fell by 1,000, the first drop in 15 months. Hiring at restaurants plunged from February. The mining and logging sector, which includes oil drilling, lost 11,000. Some other categories showed continued gains. Health care added 22,000 workers. Professional and business services – a sector that includes lawyers, engineers, accountants and office temps – gained 40,000. Financial services expanded by 8,000, and retailers maintained their 12-month pace by adding 25,900. In addition to reporting sluggish hiring for March, the government revised down its estimate of job gains in February and January by a combined 69,000. Wage growth in March remained modest. Average hourly wages rose 7 cents to $24.86 an hour. JOB FAIR: Frances Scoggins, left, attended a 15-county event in Georgia in search of work on Thursday. She's been unemployed for the past four months . That marked a year-over-year pay increase of just 2.1 percent. But because average hours worked fell in March for the first time in 15 months, Americans actually earned less on average than they did in February. Tepid pay increases have been a drag on the economy since the Great Recession ended nearly six years ago. Many Americans remain out of the labor force, partly because many baby boomers are reaching retirement age. The percentage of Americans who are either working or looking for work fell in March to 62.7 percent, tying the lowest such rate since 1978. Job growth had been healthy for more than a year before March. Yet the streak of strong hiring, along with cheaper gasoline, hasn't significantly boosted consumer spending. The Fed signaled last month that it would be cautious in raising rates from record lows. The Fed has yet to rule out a June rate hike. But many analysts expect the first increase no earlier than September. Graph illustrating monthly US unemployment up to March 2015 . In part, that's because Fed officials have revised down the range of unemployment they view as consistent with a healthy economy to 5 percent to 5.2 percent from 5.2 percent to 5.5 percent previously. The weak hiring last month could give them further pause about a June rate hike. 'I think (June) is completely off the table,' said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at the financial services company Northern Trust. The Fed won't likely raise rates until it sees evidence of consistently solid growth. But the economy has weakened in the first two months of 2015, in part because of the tough winter. Cheaper oil has led energy companies to halt orders for pipelines and equipment, hurting manufacturers. At the same time, the strengthening dollar has made American-made goods costlier abroad, thereby cutting into exports. This year's job growth has yet to ignite a larger boom in consumer spending. McDonald's, Wal-Mart, the Gap and other major employers have announced raises for their lowest-paid employees. But those pay raises are staggered and unlikely to fuel faster wage growth. The economy has disproportionately added lower-paying jobs in the retail and restaurant sectors since the economic recovery began in mid-2009. Adding jobs in the lowest-paid industries can suppress average hourly wages, even when employers are rewarding cashiers, waiters and sales clerks with pay bumps.^Official unemployment rate – which doesn't count people who have dropped out of the labor force – stands at 5.5 per cent . Manufacturing, construction and government sectors all cut jobs in March . Other sectors, including health care, lawyers, engineers, accountants and retailers, grew their workforces . Could be a temporary blip as the US recovers from an unseasonably cold March that may have tamped down hiring .
Stuart Pearce believes Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround the club’s dwindling fortunes. City’s challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks and Pellegrini’s men now face a battle to even finish in the top four. A derby day thumping at the hands of rivals Manchester United only compounded their misery, but Pearce believes City should stick with the 61-year-old. Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around . The look of dejection on the faces of the Manchester City players has been a familiar sign this season . Pearce told talkSPORT: ‘The club is at a stature now where they look to continually be in the Champions League and win Premier Leagues. The club will have a good look at themselves in the summer, but I’m not a big favour of turning managers over quickly. “I hope the manager stays in place. He has been around the block long enough to realise the squad needs freshening up drastically this summer.” Yaya Toure has had a largely ineffective season for current champions Manchester City this season . Toure and Fernandinho  look dejected during the Premier League defeat to Manchester United  at Old Trafford . Pearce, who spent time at the club as both a manager and a player, blamed City’s poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure. ‘Where City have suffered historically is when Toure has either lost form or been away on African Nations tours," said Pearce. Sergio Aguero has been a rare shining light in Manchester City's under performing squad this season .^Stuart Pearce feels Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time at the Etihad . Pellegrini is under pressure following their recent league capitulation . The Citizens were smashed by rivals Manchester United on Sunday . Manchester City now sit fourth in the league 12 points adrift of Chelsea .
(CNN)Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. In what Pacquiao's promoter, Bob Arum, dubbed the "fight of the century," disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated Las Vegas event. "There was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with Mayweather Promotions, we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets (from) the standpoint of number and location," Arum told CNN. "It was very, very important to my fighter Manny Pacquiao, to the Philippines people... Manny has friends and family like you can't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves." The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 on the secondary market. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month's fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao. The Nevada State Athletic Commission said Bayless, who has officiated more than 100 title contests, would take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the MGM Grand. The 64-year-old Nevada native, who has refereed five of Mayweather's bouts and seven of Pacquiao's, was described as "the best referee out there" by Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach. And Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Robert Bennett said: "Kenny knows the pressure, stress and responsibility. "He's efficient and effective, and has proven to be successful over a number of years working in Las Vegas and other parts of the world. He's one of the best referees in the world." The commission also confirmed that three American judges -- Dave Moretti and Burt Clements of Nevada and Glenn Feldman of Connecticut -- had been appointed for the fight. "I think we have the best judges, and Kenny Bayless is the best referee out there," Roach said. "I think he's going to give us a fair fight." The welterweight world title fight is likely to smash all revenue records and become the richest bout in the sport's history, eclipsing the pay-per-view record of 2.4 million viewers for Mayweather's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2007. Speaking when the bout was confirmed in February, Pacquiao said: "I am very happy that Floyd Mayweather and I can give the fans the fight they have wanted for so many years. "They have waited long enough, and they deserve it." Mayweather and Pacquiao have been considered the best pound-for-pound boxers of their generation but a host of issues -- including differences over drug testing protocols as well as revenue splits and broadcaster conflicts -- have stopped the two from meeting in the ring. Both are coming to the end of their careers and have established interests elsewhere. According to Forbes, Mayweather, 38, is the highest paid athlete in world sport. Pacquiao, who is 36, has run for political office in his native Philippines.^Promoter: Manny Pacquiao's has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic Las Vegas clash . Kenny Bayless named as referee in Mayweather-Pacquiao's bout, dubbed the "fight of the century"
An Oregon lawmaker proposed legislation Monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms. The bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient, but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears, or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities. The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that is about as loud as a school cafeteria. A measure proposed to the Oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels, about as loud as a school cafeteria. (File photo) It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level. Bill sponsor Democratic Sen. Chris Edwards told the Senate Committee on Business and Transportation that the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son, who would cry and cover his ears when he heard them. It's not the hand-dryer motor that's too loud, Edwards said, it's the 'air knife' against the hand that can cause a sharp, shrill sound. 'I almost didn't bring this bill because this is not the most consequential bill of the legislative session. We all know that,' Edwards said. Democratic Senator Chris Edwards (left) sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers. Republican senator Chuck Thomsen (right) says he prefers paper hand drying . 'But nonetheless there are those of us that just find these hand dryers to be extraordinarily obnoxious and disruptive to family members.' The bill would also 'requires downward blowing hand dryer to not blow air at an air velocity that exceeds 115 miles per hour'. High-speed, efficient new hand dryers, such as the Dyson Airblade or the Excel Xlerator, are fast replacing the old models, which often left hands still dripping wet. Still, there are some who would prefer if hand dryers were a thing of the past altogether. 'The new ones are faster, but I still would ban them all and go back to paper,' said Republican Sen. Chuck Thomsen of Hood River. The bill, SB 488, is scheduled for a hearing on Wednesday.^Bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels . State senator says the 'air knife' elicited episodes in his autistic son .
A 27-year-old mother has been charged with child neglect and had her twins taken into care after her three-month-old daughter was found dead. The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, appeared in Washington County District Court via video monitor from jail on Monday. The charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the Medical Examiner's Office could not determine the cause of death. Police were called to Bell's home on January 8 after she reported the death of the infant. Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter, whose body was found with roach bites on her legs and head . While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated on the floor nearby. It is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there . Her initial story was that she had put the baby, Alice, in a crib and then found her dead later on. She then changed her story and admitted to laying the baby on the floor. Bell said that the baby might have been smothered by her 18-month-old twins out of jealousy after she had fallen asleep while watching a movie with them. She said she was afraid one of them had killed Alice by sitting on her, which was why she initially said the child was in the crib. An autopsy listed the cause of death as sudden unexplained infant death with the manner of death undetermined. The medical examiner found abrasions on Alice's legs and head caused by roaches that infested the apartment. In an affidavit, investigator Jim Warring said: 'I can conclude that she laid the baby on the floor and fell asleep without waking during which time Alice may have been suffocated by one or both of her twins or became distressed due to the surface of the floor and suffocated.' 'Also enough time passed that roaches were able to start feeding on both the baby's legs and head,' he added. 'All of this took place less than 10 feet from the couch where Bell was reportedly sleeping.' Bell's initial story was that she had put baby Alice in a crib and found her dead later on. She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby . The charge of child neglect relates to a previous incident, on December 31, when a neighbor called police concerned that the children had been left alone and were crying. Bell returned to the apartment approximately five minutes after officers arrived and claimed not to have been away for very long, and acted like it was not a big deal. Neighbors told police that the children had been left alone on other occasions. The twins were taken away from Bell after the death of Alice. Tulsa World reported that Bell has other children but they are not in her care. The affidavit stated: 'Enough evidence and probable cause exists to determine that the defendant has acted in a reckless and neglectful manner that has been dangerous and possibly fatal to the children in her care and custody.' Associate District Judge Russell Vaclaw set her bond at $10,000, and scheduled a May 8 hearing.^Three-month old baby Alice died of unknown causes and was found with roach bites on her legs and head . Brittany Bell, 27, found the lifeless infant and was worried one of her twins might be responsible after she fell asleep while watching a movie with them . As no cause of death was determined authorities could not pursue a homicide charge . Bell has a history of leaving her young children unattended, prompting neighbors to call the police on a previous occasion . The twins have been taken into care and Bell faces a May 8 hearing .
Playing video games makes you better at learning than non-gamers, a study has claimed. Research found that gaming boosts the ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately, and possibly puts gamers in an 'expert category' of problem solving. But the researchers note they are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better - or if people who learn skills better are more likely to become gamers. Playing video games (stock image shown) may not only improve the ability to perform visual tasks, but also the learning ability for those skills, a study by Brown University in Rhode Island has claimed . The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever. They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning. Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared. Parents are in danger of being reported to police by their children's head teachers if they allow them to play video games for over 18s. A letter sent by a group of schools in Cheshire raised concerns about the 'levels of violence and sexual content' young people are being exposed to by playing games such as Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto, which are renowned for their violent characters and have an 18 classification. It warns that if teachers are made aware their pupils have been playing these video games they will contact police and social services. The letter, sent by Nantwich Education Partnership, said allowing children to play these type of games on Xboxes and Playstations is deemed 'neglectful'. In visual processing research this is a standard protocol called a ‘texture discrimination task.’ Prior studies have shown that people can be trained to improve their performance in the task, but if they move on to a second task too quickly, it can interfere with the learning process. The researchers wanted to find out if gamers could overcome this interference better, compared to non-gamers. And the results showed that gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected. That is, they improved on the second task they trained on, but not on the first. Learning the second task interfered with learning the first. The data show that gamers on average improved their combination of speed and accuracy by about 15 per cent on their second task and about 11 per cent on their first task. Non-gamers produced the same average 15 per cent improvement on their second task, but they actually got a bit worse on the first task they learned, by about 5 per cent. Research subjects were shown an on-screen texture of short lines - either vertical or horizontal, first one then the other - and were asked to spot anomalies. Their responses were measured in milliseconds. Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers . Despite the small number of participants, the results proved statistically significant. ‘When we study perceptual learning we usually exclude people who have tons of video game playing time because they seem to have different visual processing. They are quicker and more accurate,' said senior author Dr Yuka Sasaki, associate professor of cognitive, linguistic and psychological sciences at Brown University. ‘But they may be in an expert category of visual processing. ‘We sometimes see that an expert athlete can learn movements very quickly and accurately and a musician can play the piano at the very first sight of the notes very elegantly, so maybe the learning process is also different. ‘Maybe they can learn more efficiently and quickly as a result of training.’ The exact neural mechanisms underlying visual or perceptual learning are not yet known, Dr Sasaki said, but the study suggests that gamers may have a more efficient process for hardwiring their visual task learning than non-gamers. ‘It may be possible that the vast amount of visual training frequent gamers receive over the years could help contribute to honing consolidation mechanisms in the brain, especially for visually developed skills,’ the researchers wrote. After training on both backgrounds, testing showed that video gamers had done better at learning the first and second. Non-gamers actually did worse on the first. But it was unresolved whether video games improve visual learning or whether good visual learners tend to play more video games . Being certain will require more research. Importantly, the study doesn't prove whether playing video games improves learning ability or whether people with an innate ability become gamers because they find gaming more rewarding. The study also has a stark gender imbalance between the nearly all-male gamer group and the nearly all-female non-gamer group. But the researchers could not find evidence in the literature for gender differences in perceptual learning that would make this disparity worrisome. By documenting these and other apparent cognitive differences between gamers and non-gamers, the field is discovering that there is more to video games than merely passing the time, lead author and graduate student Aaron Berard said. ‘A lot of people still view video games as a time-wasting activity even though research is beginning to show their beneficial aspects,’ Mr Berard said. ‘If we can demonstrate that video games may actually improve some cognitive functioning, perhaps we, as a society, can embrace newer technology and media with positive application.’^Researchers at Brown University studied how people learned tasks . It has already been shown gamers learn visual tasks better . But in this study they had higher performance across two tasks . 'They may be in an expert category of visual processing,' said Dr Sasaki .
There is a problem with England's top order and it is not an easy one to solve. Don't get me wrong. England's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the West Indies bowling was so disciplined, that became a problem on the first morning of the first Test. It is OK batting the way England did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss, but they will be exposed against better teams than West Indies, like Australia, if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here. As a player I would never worry about the pace runs came as long as they came. You are there to win games. But now I appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit monotonous. Joe Root (left) and Ian Bell (right) put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in Antigua . Bell raises his bat to the crowd after scoring his 22nd Test match century at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium . OK, if they stay in the runs will come and England supporters will be happy but it should be remembered that England have promised to play a certain way. You have to give Jonathan Trott huge credit for battling his way back to Test cricket but a bit of a risk has been taken with him because if it doesn't come off it will look like another big decision that England have got wrong. As for captain Alastair Cook, he has been working hard with Graham Gooch and has opened his shoulder up a bit, but the pitched up delivery continues to get him out. Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341 for five . Bell and Root lifted England's run rate and got them out of a hole having fallen to 34 for three . Gary Ballance has got this big backwards movement so to get him driving, and dismissing him the way the West Indies did, represented a sucker punch. Then you looked at the way Ian Bell and Joe Root went about their business and they were just that bit busier. You can't bowl one way to them to dry up their scoring shots because they both drive and they both pull well. Thanks to those two and Ben Stokes, this turned out to be very much England's day. I was delighted that Stokes batted so well on his return to the side. He made no excuses when he was left out of the side and said he deserved to be dropped. I like that, and I like a player like him coming in at No 6 and taking the game away from the opposition. Alastair Cook is bowled through the gate by Kemar Roach for 11 on the first morning in Antigua . Jonathan Trott's first Test in 18 months ended in a third-ball duck as he was dismissed in the first over . Peter Moores and Cook are both genuinely good guys trying to do a good job, so when I received a text from Moores asking if I would have a motivational talk with the team on the eve of the Test I was happy to oblige. I have always said that if England ever want any input from me I will try to help. It's difficult to do that at times, being on the other side of the fence now with the media, but my heart is in English cricket and I want England to do well. It was only a 15-minute chat at the end of England's team meeting and, while not going into it too deeply, I just tried to give the team a sense of perspective. Gary Ballance was third to go for England on the first morning  as he was dismissed by Jason Holder . It's difficult at times when you are in the bubble to remember what it means to be an England cricketer and I tried to emphasise that it is important, but you have to try to play down in your mind quite how important it is and enjoy the journey. And when England were 34 for three, I was receiving a lot of comments in the commentary box about my supposed motivational skills! I replied that I only actually spoke to the England middle order.^England close day one of first Test against West Indies on 341 for five . Ian Bell, Joe Root and Ben Stokes all played well to lead the recovery . England's top three were all dismissed cheaply to leave England in a hole . When England were 34 for three I received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills. I replied that I only spoke to the middle order . PAUL NEWMAN'S day one report from Antigua .
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery. Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the FA Cup win over Manchester United on March 9. However, it is the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem that has caused the delay in Chamberlain's return to action, not the hamstring. Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s persistent groin problems . Oxlade-Chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . The groin injury has been an ongoing problem for the England international for several months, but he, together with the club's medical staff, have managed it throughout the season. The root cause of the complaint remains unclear, with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem. Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former Southampton man of his groin discomfort. However, the option of an operation isn't being ruled out, though any procedure would only take place in the summer. Arsene Wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness . The 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur . Oxlade-Chamberlain will miss at least two more weeks, meaning he will not be available for next weekend's FA Cup semi-final against Reading. The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur. Surgery would mean another busy summer for Oxlade-Chamberlain as he'd be required to complete a rehabilitation programme before pre-season. He was involved in Roy Hodgson's World Cup squad last year, but didn't feature owing to a knee injury. Fitness permitting, Oxlade-Chamberlain is also likely to be part of Hodgson's squad for Euro 2016 at the end of next season. Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield for £4.5million . 'It is taking a bit longer than I thought because he has a groin inflammation,' confirmed Wenger. 'I hope it does not become a long-term problem but he faces a hurdle this week in training. 'We will see if he has recovered, so the end of the week and the start of next week are important to see if he got rid of that inflammation. Meanwhile, Arsenal's chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the £4.5million capture of 16-year-old forward Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield. The deal has been held up by third-party ownership issues - and Law has travelled to South America to resolve the problem.^Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been out of action since March 9 . Arsenal midfielder suffers from persistent groin problems . Arsenal are exploring other treatments, but any surgery would be delayed . READ: Arsenal bid to finalise transfer for 'next Lionel Messi' Maxi Romero . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
A football fan has triggered a furious row after posting a picture of two Muslim men praying at a Premier League stadium and labelling it a ‘disgrace’. Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula worshipping on their knees in a stairwell of Liverpool’s Anfield ground. He added the caption: ‘Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE.’ Fury: Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Mr Dodd’s post, made after Liverpool took on Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup last month, was met with widespread condemnation on social media, with users branding him a ‘bigot’ and ‘disgrace to humanity’. The tweet was reported to police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place. They have referred the matter back to the club. Last night, Liverpool promised to take ‘appropriate action’ against the supporter. It is not known if Mr Dodd is a season ticket holder, but he could have this revoked or be banned from future matches. Yesterday Mr Bodi, 46, a solicitor from Preston, told the Daily Mail that it was not the first time he had prayed at a match. Backlash: Dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of Liverpool . ‘It only takes a few minutes and this time it was during half-time that we needed to pray,’ the lawyer said. ‘We have a small window in which to pray. That day, the time came for prayer and the window would have closed before the game finished so we did it at half-time. Campaigners have called for football clubs to install prayer rooms so Muslim fans can pray in peace and avoid the possibility of anti-Islamic abuse. Fiyaz Mughal, who runs Islamophobia hotline Tell MAMA, suggested that stadiums should have a 'multi-faith prayer room' in their stadiums. He told MailOnline: 'We are aware of incidents where practising Muslims have been abused since they have decided to quietly pray in public areas during half-time breaks. 'Given that people want to peacefully pray, we would suggest that clubs consider making a prayer room available for those fans who want to do so. 'The prayer room just has to be a space that is clean and where people can spend about 10 minutes praying and which is available through the match. 'It also can be listed as a multi-faith prayer room so that other faiths who want to use it, can do so.' Currently both Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers have prayer rooms at their stadiums for the use of fans. The rooms are non-demoninational and can be used by fans of any religion, but are more likely to be used by Muslims because they must pray at fixed times during the day. Newcastle United has also built a prayer room at its training ground because there are a number of Muslim footballers playing at the club. 'Most people are absolutely fine with it and the stewards at Anfield are wonderful, but it only takes one or two people to react in the wrong way and you could have a nasty situation.’ Muslims are required to pray five times each day – between dawn and sunrise; at midday when the sun passes its highest point; in the late afternoon; just after sunset; and around nightfall. Because prayer times are based on the movements of the sun they differ from place to place. Liverpool’s FA Cup quarter-final against Blackburn kicked off at 4pm, meaning Mr Bodi and Mr Bhula had to say their afternoon prayers at half-time, as the window of opportunity closed before the end of the game. Mr Bodi, whose eight-year-old son Ayman can also be seen in Mr Dodd’s photo, added: ‘My little boy said at the time “someone is taking a picture of us” and I thought maybe it was someone who hadn’t seen prayers before. I certainly didn’t expect to be called a disgrace for doing it. ‘But this guy wasn’t abusive to us and the support since has been very nice, I’m thankful. ‘I’ve supported Liverpool for 40 years and I used to be a season ticket holder. From what I understand this guy doesn’t live too far from the ground and is probably a boyhood fan, so I wouldn’t want him excluded from the ground or anything. ‘He should be given a talking to and made to go on an awareness course or educating.’ Mr Bhula, 37, who is also a solicitor, said he would happily meet with Mr Dodd to explain the importance of prayers in Islam. He added: ‘Education is key to stopping things like this from happening. Maybe the man who took the photo has not come across Muslims before who have explained the significance of prayer. I would be quite happy to meet with him to explain why we pray and when it needs to be done.’ In a statement, Liverpool said discrimination would not be tolerated at the club and it would ‘take appropriate action against the individual involved’. In 2013, a group of West Ham supporters were abused by onlooking fans because they were praying behind the main stand at Upton Park during a match. Match: The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March .^Stephen Dodd photographed Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying during half-time at Anfield last month . He captioned the image: 'Muslims praying at half time #DISGRACE' Liverpool FC now say they will take action against Dodd over the post . But Mr Bodi says he doesn't want to see Dodd banned from the ground .
A 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday. The collection, which was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years, has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch. Declaring herself 'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty admired the poems, which were written by the Shah of Persia himself, and quipped: 'You don't get gifts like that any more!' Scroll down for video . Treasure trove: The Queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to George III . Incredible: The book (back, beside the Queen), was presented by the Shah of Persia in 1825 . Along with the poems, which were given to the Hanoverian monarch  in 1812, was a collection of scientific instruments, many of which were considered advanced in their day. Other documents shown to the Queen touch on some of the most important events in history, among them the American War of Independence. One particularly significant document was written by Rear-Admira Hood and details naval failings during the battle of Chesapeake Bay. The battle, between British and French fleets, resulted in the last significant British army in the Thirteen Colonies being cut off - and led directly to US independence. Other papers include an essay written by George III on the relationship between the monarch and parliament and notes from Queen Charlotte to her children's governess. Significant: This letter was written by Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood following the Battle of Chesapeake Bay . Royal handiwork: This essay on the relationship between monarch and Parliament was written by George III . The viewing took place in the Royal Library at Windsor Castle and include papers owned and written by George I, II, III and George IV, who ruled as Prince Regent during his father's famous madness. George III was believed to have suffered from porphyria, a hereditary disease that affects the blood and can cause mania. The digitisation of the 350,000 documents, a task that will be undertaken by academics from King's College London, will begin in the next few weeks. While the vast majority of the collection are papers from George III, other documents from reigns of George I, George II, George IV and William IV will also be made available. It is hoped the work will transform the understanding of Georgian Britain and its monarchy, at a time of profound cultural, political, economic and social change. Stunning: The Queen was also shown the 1765 Eardley Norton clock (right) by  Oliver Urquhart Irvine (left) Project: The Queen  greets Lynn Forney Young from the Daughters of the American Revolution organisation . Stunned: The Queen declared herself 'stunned' by the contents of the archive, all previously unseen . Big job: The digitisation of the 350,000 papers will be overseen by academics from King's College London . 'The Queen said she was stunned by the beauty of the gifts and letters, especially the Persian book of poetry that she was looking at earlier,' said Dr Joanna Newman, vice principal of the university, afterwards. 'She talked a great deal about the letters, she said she was extremely interested in them, that they were very impressive and that she is very happy for the collaboration to be with King’s College.' Other letters seen by the Queen include one from John Jay, a merchant who went on to become one of the Founding Fathers of the US, to future president George Washington in 1781. Another, dating from the same period, was sent to George III by a spy named Aristarchus. The project is part of a wider programme of work by the Royal Archives to open up access to its primary source material, following the success of the digitisation of Queen Victoria’s journals in 2012. Professor Edward Byrne, president and principal of King’s College London, said: 'King’s was founded by King George IV - George III’s eldest son and successor - and with Her Majesty the Queen as our present day patron, we are delighted and honoured to have been approached by the Royal Household to work on this prestigious project and to continue our long history of association with the Crown. 'This joint project, to open up over a century of Royal Archives, provides an unprecedented scale of opportunity to discover more about the Georgians.' Royal childhood: This letter is from Queen Charlotte to her children's governess, Lady Charlotte Finch . Involvement: The British Library, which is also involved, was represented by Baroness Blackstone (centre) Along with personal letters written by George I, II and III, and their wives, the newly unveiled archive also includes documents that could shed fresh light on the American War of Independence. Most significant is an epistle written by Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood to General de Budé, George III's aide-de-camp, on the 16th September 1781. Written after the Battle of the Chesapeake (or the Virginia Capes) on 5th September 1781, it offers a critique of the British action and attempts to explain why it ended in a French victory. One of the most significant battles of the American War of Independence, the French win led directly to US independence, cutting off, as it did, the last substantial British army in the Thirteen Colonies and obliging it to surrender. Hood, while attempting to exonerate himself in the letter which was written 11 days after the battle, also includes copies of dispatches and reveals that it could have been a British victory had an earlier opportunity to engage the French been taken. Equally significant is an incomplete essay written by George III which meditates on the relationship between the monarch and Parliament. In it, George, who was keen to re-establish royal authority and patronage, muses on the idea of having 'supreme power' over the Commons while also laying out how the legislative and the executive worked in the 18th century. Further documents include letters from Queen Charlotte to Lady Charlotte Finch, who held the position of governess to the royal children. In the correspondence, the two discuss child-rearing and emphasise the value of routine and regular mealtimes, with Lady Charlotte going on to complain of her 'distress' at things becoming disorganised. The collection also includes 65,000 books from the library amassed by George III which, along with volumes of poetry, also include a number printed in and about the US - testament to the monarch's interest in the colony.^An archive of royal letters and books unseen for 200 years is to be digitised . The Queen launched project at Windsor Castle's Royal Library . Included are letters shedding light on the American War of Independence . Also a 200-year-old poetry book written by the Shah of Persia in 1812 . Queen joked that, 'You don't get gifts like that any more!' Also includes an essay by George III and letters from Queen Charlotte .
Denmark and Brondby defender Daniel Agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen in the head. The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen on Monday. Match officials took no action during the game, which finished in a goalless draw, but the disciplinary committee of the Danish FA found Agger guilty having reviewed video footage of the incident. Daniel Agger (right) is involved in a physical battle with Copenhagen striker Andreas Cornelius (left) Former Liverpool defender Agger (right) has been accused of elbowing Mattias Jorgensen (not pictured) 'Based on the television images, the disciplinary committee found evidence that Daniel Agger is guilty of violent conduct and has therefore given the Brondby player a two-match ban,' the Danish FA said in a statement. Agger rejoined Brondby, who are fourth in the league table on 35 points, from Liverpool last August, and though their fortunes have improved since his return, they are still eight points behind city rivals Copenhagen, who are second. Agger reacts towards referee Kenn Hansen during the league match against Midtjylland earlier this year . During his Liverpool days, Agger (right) prepares to challenge Southampton forward Jay Rodriguez (left)^Daniel Agger has been charged with violent conduct . The Brondby star appeared to elbow Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen . Agger rejoined first club Brondby from Liverpool in August 2014 .
Mustafa Kamal's resignation as International Cricket Council president has been accepted, it was confirmed after the governing body's quarterly meeting. Bangladeshi politician Kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India in Melbourne last month. Kamal's remarks were described at the time as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson. Mustafa Kamal has had his resignation from the International Cricket Council president role ccepted . Kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup defeat to India . India eliminated Bangladesh in the World Cup quarter-final in Melbourne last month . After a meeting in Dubai on Thursday, the ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution. A statement read: 'The board accepted the resignation of former president Mr Mustafa Kamal, effective from 2 April, and confirmed that no replacement would be appointed for the remaining weeks of Mr Kamal's term. 'The full council of the ICC will consider the appointment of Mr Najam Sethi as ICC president when it meets in Barbados at the end of June.' It was also agreed at the meeting that ICC will write to the Sri Lanka sports minister to remind that country's government that intervention in the running of the national board's affairs 'puts [Sri Lanka Cricket] in breach of the ICC's constitution'.^The ICC confirm Mustafa Kamal's departure as president . Kamal unhappy with umpires after India beat Bangladesh at the World Cup . There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal .
Baltimore, Maryland (CNN)Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police Saturday night in downtown Baltimore near the city's famed baseball stadium. Some of the hundreds who confronted lines of  police officers got into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators threw objects. At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence, adding that 95% of the protesters were respectful but a "small group of agitators intervened." Twelve people were arrested, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. "We continue to have a few isolated pockets of individuals causing disturbances. We are deploying resources to keep everyone safe," the Baltimore Police Department tweeted. Fredericka Gray, the twin sister of Freddie Gray, made a statement: "My family wants to say, 'Can y'all please, please stop the violence? Freddie Gray would not want this.' Freddie's father and mother do not want any violence. Violence does not get justice." Vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-Eleven, police said. CNN crews observed a window damaged at a Michael Kors store and holes in one at a Subway restaurant. The skirmishes followed a planned demonstration over how police handled the arrest of Gray, a 25-year-old Baltimore man who suffered a spinal injury at some point after he was detained by police on April 12. He died a week later. The numbers of protesters dissipated substantially just before sunset, though some people were still walking in the streets near Oriole Park at Camden Yards, causing some traffic problems. Earlier, demonstrators had marched through the streets until they arrived at City Hall. Along the way, whenever it appeared the protest might get out of control, organizers reined the marchers back in. The event ended after speeches at Baltimore City Hall on Saturday evening, but many protesters continued to vent their anger by marching down to Inner Harbor. When demonstrators got to the stadium, tensions escalated and some people threw what appeared to be water bottles and other objects at the cops, who wore helmets and stood behind metal barricades. Fans who were arriving to watch the hometown Orioles play the Boston Red Sox were having trouble finding ways to the entrance gates. The Orioles won the game 5-4 in extra innings. For a time it appeared that fans would be held inside the ballpark until the demonstration quieted, but the gates were opened before the contest was over. Throughout the day, protesters yelled, "No justice, no peace" and "All night, all day; we're gonna fight for Freddie Gray." The police department used Twitter to update the public on the progress of the march. At City Hall, speakers demanded justice for the Gray family and an end to what they called police brutality against black suspects. At least one protest organizer had promised in advance that the event would be big enough to shut down the city, but while many people turned out and walked, the major disruption was only to traffic on a few streets. Gray died last Sunday. Protesters have marched since, outraged by the arrest, which was recorded on a bystander's cell phone and the nature of Gray's death. The witness said Gray was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing. At some point after he was detained, he suffered a severe spinal cord injury. His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died. On Friday, police officials said that Gray should have received medical care at the site of his arrest and at other times as he was transported to a police station. The van carrying him stopped three times on its way to the station where he was to be booked, but when it arrived at the Western District officers called for an ambulance, which took him to a hospital. The questions investigators are looking into are: How and where did Gray suffer a severe spinal injury? And are police liable for his death? The preliminary work on his autopsy has been done, but the medical examiner's office is waiting on toxicology results and may invite spinal experts to look at the case, authorities said. A full report may take 30 to 45 days. Batts told reporters on Friday there are no excuses for the fact that Gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station. He also said officers should have given Gray timely medical care "multiple times." Those comments upset members of the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police. "We are disappointed in the comments made yesterday by Commissioner Anthony Batts, and various members of his command staff, relative to the actions of the officers directly involved in the Gray investigation," Gene Ryan, president of the organization said in a written statement. "These comments appear to be politically driven and in direct contrast to the commissioner's own request not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete." Police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators. The sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions, Batts said. A wake for Gray will be held Sunday, with a memorial service and funeral following on Monday. CNN's Miguel Marquez reported from Baltimore. Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta. Vivian Kuo contributed to this article.^Twin sister of Freddie Gray asks for people to stop breaking things, scuffling with cops . Fans are permitted to exit Camden Yards after briefly being told to stay put . 12 people arrested during protests, police commissioner says .
A union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of Colorado theater shooter James Holmes. The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20, and which experts said was among the largest and most complicated in U.S. history. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises. Aurora theater shooting suspect James Holmes (pictured on June 4, 2013) is seated in court in Centennial, Colorado. Jury selection in the Colorado theater shooting case entered its final stage on Monday . Police and residents visit the makeshift memorial at the scene of the Aurora movie theater massacre in Colorado in July 2012 . His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire. Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time. If they find him guilty, they must also decide whether he should be put to death or sentenced to life in prison without parole. THE JURORS . All 24 jurors - 19 women and five men - will sit through the entire trial. Neither the group nor the public will know who is a primary juror and who is an alternate until the case is handed over for deliberations. Also on the jury are a Denver Public Schools employee, a person with depression and a businesswoman who cares for her elderly parents. A lawyer, a gas station attendant, a military veteran and an active-duty service member were also selected, according to The Denver Post. The Post also reported that one female juror selected was a plumber who was diagnosed with ADHD. She said during the selection process that she knew what it was like 'to be a little bit different'. Another female juror said her daughter had gone to see the Batman movie on the same night as the shooting but at a different theater. One juror said during questioning, before she was chosen, that she was nervous what her community would think of her verdict. The case is 'big and serious, and it's going to have a huge impact on me and everyone else, the defendant and people in the community,' she said. 'They're not going to be directly involved, but they're going to be watching.' LINE OF QUESTIONING . Attorneys on Tuesday questioned the 93 remaining jurors about their interpretations of the law, how they would gauge witnesses' and experts' credibility, and whether they could handle serving on such a high-profile trial. District Attorney George Brauchler characterized it as a 'four- to five-month roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine'. He asked prospective jurors if they could serve even if they hear no evidence of a motive, since prosecutors are required to prove only the 165 charges against Holmes — not why they believe he committed the crimes. Holmes' attorney, Tamara Brady, focused on perceptions of Holmes and whether the jury candidates could be objective given the litany of charges against him and the public scrutiny they will face. She asked how they felt listening for nearly two hours as Judge Carlos A. Samour Jr. read a list of the charges, including each victim's name. She wondered if prospective jurors would be too sympathetic to survivors. She said she was nervous 'about whether Mr. Holmes can get a fair trial in this case or whether it's just too big'. JURORS' CONCERNS . Potential jurors told attorneys they worry about what their neighbors might think if they reach an unpopular verdict and whether reporters would harass their families. One man said he was reassured when the judge told him steps were taken to shield his identity. And many pledged they would not let their decision-making be influenced by concern about what others think. Other candidates expressed trepidation about hearing graphic testimony and perhaps being overwhelmed by emotion. WHAT'S TAKEN SO LONG? Some prospective jurors have asked the judge why it has taken nearly three years for the case to come to trial. Samour has said it's not an unusual amount of time for a trial this complex. The death penalty and insanity plea introduced complicated and time-consuming legal requirements. After nearly three months, and almost three years since the mass shooting, the jurors were chosen from among hundreds who filled out written questionnaires, then returned for one-on-one sessions, where they were questioned about their views on the death penalty and mental illness. Court officials initially summoned an unprecedented 9,000 people. WHAT ABOUT OTHER LARGE TRIALS? In the amount of time it has taken so far in Denver, federal jurors in Boston convicted marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. That case was accelerated by Tsarnaev's admission that he participated in the April 2013 bombings and that his brother, Tamerlan, was the mastermind. The Texas trial for the killer of a former Navy SEAL depicted in the movie 'American Sniper' was complicated by publicity about the film. But jury selection moved quickly because it didn't involve concerns about the large number of people affected by the crime. WHAT'S NEXT? The chosen jurors will report to court the afternoon of April 27 for opening statements. People enter and leave the Arapahoe County District Court in Centennial on Monday where the jury for the trial of James Holmes were selected. Holmes is charged with killing 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a movie theater in suburban Denver .^The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday after a selection process that began on January 20 . Experts say the jury selection in Centennial, Coloradp was among the largest and most complicated in U.S. history . Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a movie theater in Aurora . His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he  opened fire . Among the 19 women and 5 men chosen, are a schools employee, a person with depression and a businesswoman who cares for her elderly parents .
(CNN)Feeling so happy you just can't stand it? You might want to pop some acetaminophen. A new study has found that acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines, reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. The authors of the study, which was published this week in Psychological Science, say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. But their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words, that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced. "This means that using Tylenol or similar products might have broader consequences than previously thought," said Geoffrey Durso, a doctoral student in social psychology at Ohio State University and the lead author of the study. "Rather than just being a pain reliever, acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever." The researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images, such as children with kittens, and some of highly unpleasant images, such as children who were malnourished. Half of the participants in the study were given "an acute dose" of acetaminophen -- 1,000 milligrams -- and the other half were given a placebo with the same appearance. The subjects were then asked to rate the photos according to how unpleasant or pleasant they were. Those who took the acetaminophen rated all the photos less extremely than those who took the placebo. "In other words, positive photos were not seen as positively under the influence of acetaminophen and negative photos were not seen as negatively," the authors reported. The researchers followed up by testing a group of 85 people to see whether this change in judgment applied just to emotions or whether the drug blunted people's evaluation of magnitude in general. This group showed the same blunting of emotional reactions. But acetaminophen did not affect how much blue they saw in each photo. But people who participated in the study did not appear to know they were acting differently, said Baldwin Way, an assistant professor of psychology who was another of the study's authors. "Most people probably aren't aware of how their emotions may be impacted when they take acetaminophen," Way said. Each week, about 23% of American adults -- or 52 million people -- use a medicine containing acetaminophen, according to the nonprofit Consumer Healthcare Products Association. The authors said it was not known whether other pain relievers, such as ibuprofen and aspirin, have the same effect. But have no fear -- they plan to study that question, as well.^Subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos . Each week, 52 million Americans use the pain reliever . Unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi will go head-to-head once more in the race to be this season's top scorer in the Champions League – although Luiz Adriano threatens to spoil the party. Both Barcelona and Real Madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid respectively. The planet's best footballers have scored eight times in Europe this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk’s Adriano, courted by Arsenal and Liverpool, has netted on nine occasions this term. Cristiano Ronaldo, in action against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday evening, has scored eight goals in Europe . Lionel Messi also has eight goals in the Champions League this term; one fewer than Luiz Adriano . Ronaldo and Messi will both play at least two more times after Real Madrid and Barcelona reached the last four . Adriano, who moved to Donetsk in 2007, scored five against BATE Borsiov in the group stages. His performance that night made history, with the 27-year-old becoming only the second player to score five times in a Champions League game. The other was Messi for Barcelona against Bayer Leverkusen in 2012. He also scored the third quickest hat-trick in the competition's history (12 minutes) as the Ukrainian side, knocked out by Bayern Munich in the round of 16, racked up the biggest-ever half-time lead (6-0) in Europe's premier tournament. ‘I am in a good moment of my career and we'll do what will be best for me and for the club,’ said Adriano last month when quizzed over his future. Adriano, who netted five times against BATE Borisov in the group, has scored more goals than any other player in the Champions League... he is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League . ‘With my contract set to expire and many good performances, it'll be difficult to stay in Ukraine.’ Arsenal have sent scouts to watch Adriano in recent months, while Liverpool are also keen on the Brazilian. His contract with Shakhtar Donetsk runs out at the end of the year. Ronaldo and Messi however, remain in pole-position to top the scoring charts with Barcelona and Real Madrid both in the hat for the two-legged semi-finals to be played next month. Of the teams still in the pot, Neymar and Luis Suarez of Barcelona, Real Madrid's Karim Benzema and former Manchester United and City striker Carlos Tevez, now plying his trade for Juventus, each have six goals. The draw for the last four will take place on Friday.^Luiz Adriano scored nine times for Shakhtar Donetsk in Europe this season . The Brazilian is out of contract at the end of the year... both Arsenal and Liverpool are interested in signing the 27-year-old . Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have netted eight goals this season . Real Madrid and Barcelona both in the Champions League semi-finals . READ: Our reporters have their say on who will win the Champions League . CLICK HERE for Sportsmail's guide to the Champions League final four .
Whoever snatched a seal or sea lion pup from a Los Angeles beach early Sunday should not confuse the animal's cuteness with its potentially vicious bite, according to an animal rescue expert. Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport, said Los Angeles Police Officer Rosario Herrera. The initial police report said the animal was a small seal. Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it . Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup (not pictured) in a blanket and left in a car around  from Dockweiler State Beach . But a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion, according to Peter Wallerstein, the president of the group Marine Animal Rescue. The rescued pup weighs about 25 pounds and is probably 10 months old, said Wallerstein, who stays in a trailer at the beach and was woken by security guards seeking his help. Sea lions of this size are 'really small, really look cute, but they're dangerous,' he said. 'These are wild animals.' They're also not fit to be kept as pets. Though small pups are cute they can be very dangerous, officials warned . 'The animal needs fluids, needs special treatments,' he said. 'You can't just feed it dog food. It's not going to work.' Los Angeles police said an investigation was being conducted by the federal National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. A spokesman for the agency did not return phone messages or an email Sunday.^Authorities say that while sea lion pups can be cute they also have a vicious bite . Witnesses say four people wrapped the sea lion pup in a blanket on Dockweiler State Beach then fled the scene . Mammal is in danger as it needs fluid and specific foods to survive .
Comedian Sarah Silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender. The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, gets serious for Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14. 'I think the best person for the job should get jobs,' she says in the campaign video. 'I'm all for women having to work harder to prove themselves at this juncture if that's the way it is in the world. But if you work a job, and a man is working the same job, you should be getting paid the same.' Scroll down for video . Be confident: Sarah Silverman wants women to understand their worth as a part of Levo League's new Ask4More campaign, which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve . On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender. Sarah explains that she and fellow comedian Todd Barry were doing back-to-back stand up sets on a Saturday night at the New York Comedy Club. Even though she says she was 'pretty well known at the time', she 'didn't think anything of it' when she was given $10 for her work. But when she was chatting with Todd outside, it soon came up that he was offered $60 for the same amount of work - at the same show. When she went back inside and asked Al Martin, the owner at the time, about the pay discrepancy, he thought that she was asking him to lend her money, saying: 'Oh, did you want a $60 spot?' Not right: In the video, Sarah recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60 . 'It was symbolic. I didn't need $60,' she says of that moment. 'You know, it’s pretty sh****.' Sarah, who came under fire last month after she tweeted 'ten rape prevention tips' aimed at male attackers, says whenever she shares anything 'women's rights related' on social media, including equal pay and health care, she gets 'the most violent hate tweets back'. 'It's so odd. It's just bizarre,' she says. Sarah explains that knowing your self-worth is a big factor when it comes to women feeling confident to ask for more. 'My therapist says - and I think about it all the time - we don't get what we want. We get what we think we deserve,' she added. Double standard: The 44-year-old comedian, who is pictured at the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscar Party, says she gets 'the most violent hate tweets' when she discusses women's issues on Twitter . Sports fan: Sarah, who often plays basketball with men, was pictured with Anthony Anderson as they watched Sprite NBA All-Star Celebrity Game in New York City in February . She notes that the concept of asking for more and understanding your worth reminds of her of how she feels when she plays basketball with men. 'Every basket you miss is like missing 100 baskets and that comes from inside.' Sarah says she reminds herself that she isn't letting her team down, nor or the guys angry at her for missing a shot. The pressure she feels is being brought upon by herself. She explains that she finally realized that 'the guys shoot and miss all the time - most of the time - and they get better. 'We deserve quality lives with equality, and maybe control over our own human bodies without the government getting involved, to do whatever we get great at and do, and it has to come from inside and understanding that you deserve it and working to deserve it,' she says, before adding: ‘Go ahead. Ask for more.' Sarah is a part of the nine-day campaign, which aims to empower women throughout their careers and includes other female celebrity supporters such as Amy Poehler, Chelsea Clinton and Constance Zimmer.^The 44-year-old came under fire last month after she tweeted 'ten rape prevention tips' aimed at male attackers . In the Levo League's Ask4More campaign video, Sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
A New York City tattoo parlor at the center of a VH1 reality series just got a serving of drama - but not the kind that makes for good publicity. A woman from South Carolina is suing Harlem tattoo parlor Black Ink, claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain. The Harlem tattoo parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons. Scroll down for video . Scarred: Asabi Barner, 37 (pictured), is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred . The damage: Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1 . In pain: Barner said she trusted the artists, but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later . Asabi Barner told PIX 11 that she visited New York last year and decided to stop by the parlor to get a new tattoo to cover up a unicorn and horseshoe piece that she got when she was 18. She said she had watched the parlor's reality show and trusted the artists, who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones. Barner left the shop happy with her 'phenomenal' new chest tattoo of fruits and vegetables to represent her career in the culinary industry. Reality stars: The owner and artists at Black Ink tattoo star in their own VH1 reality show, Black Ink Crew . But the next day she was still in pain and then noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast. Back home in South Carolina, Barner asked a local tattoo artist what was wrong and the artist said that her skin had been  'overworked' in an attempt to bring out a white color in the tattoo.  She also went to a plastic surgeon to see if the tattoo could be remedied, but the doctor said any procedure would only leave a bigger scar. More than a year later, Barner says she has to apply a ice pack to the tattoo every day to relieve the burning and itching pain. Photos of the botched tattoo show Barner's chest covered in raised scars that have left her uncomfortable in her own skin. 'In the intimate moments it creates a problem because you don’t have that confidence. I wasn’t overly confident before, but I felt good about myself. Felt good about my body, but it just changes you,' Barner told PIX 11. Barner is currently in the process of suing Black Ink, claiming the shop is responsible for her pain through reckless, careless and negligent behavior.^Asabi Barner, 37, of South Carolina got a tattoo at Black Ink tattoo parlor while visiting New York City . The parlor in Harlem specializes in tattooing dark skin and the shop's owner and artist have their own reality show called Black Ink Crew on VH1 . Barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo . After the first day, Barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day . She is currently in the process for suing the tattoo parlor .
Just two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning in women recovering from the disease, a study has found. Researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause, and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer. Just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning and boosts the effect of the drug tamoxifen, researchers found . Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow, and tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells. This means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether. As part of the study, Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients, in a follow up of a similar study carried out two years ago. They found that more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen, and those that had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day, had only half the risk of their cancer returning than those who drank less coffee, or none at all. Ann Rosendahl, a researcher from Lund University who carried out the study, said: 'The study also shows that those who drank at least two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours. 'We saw that this was already the case at the time of diagnosis.' Researchers also looked more closely at two substances that usually occur in coffee – caffeine and caffeic acid. They found the breast cancer cells reacted to these substances, especially caffeine. Caffeine caused the cells to divide less frequency, and die more often, especially when it was drunk in combination with tamoxifen. The study found  caffeine caused breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and die more often . Ms Rosendahl said: 'This shows that these substances have an effect on the breast cancer cells and turn off signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow.' The team demonstrated both in in breast cancer patients and at cell level that coffee can reinforce the effect of treatment with tamoxifen. However, they emphasise the importance of taking prescribed medication. Ms Rosenhal added: 'They are incredibly important, but if you like coffee and are also taking tamoxifen, there is no reason to stop drinking it. 'Just two cups a day is sufficient to make a difference.' This is not the first study to link coffee consumption with improved cancer prognosis. Drinking coffee may reduce the risk of cancer in heavy drinkers, research has found. A World Cancer Research Fund study shows the hot drink can protect against liver cancer, which is often associated with alcohol abuse. For each cup consumed a day, there is about a 14 per cent decreased risk of liver cancer, found the study by the World Cancer Research Fund. And scientists at Harvard Medical School have found that women who drink three or more cups of coffee a day have a 20 per cent lower risk of developing the most common form of skin cancer compared to those who had less than one cup per month. They also found that men who drank the same amount saw a nine per cent lower risk of the skin cancer, basal cell carcinoma.^Coffee can stop cancer returning in women treated with tamoxifen . Tamoxifen stops oestrogen reaching tumour cells, so they do not grow . Coffee drinkers had fewer cancers and their tumours were smaller . Caffeine cuts of signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow .
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. 'Get out the water!' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach, and for a long time to no avail, until they finally spot the danger as the shark's chase leads it too close to them for comfort. While the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them, the swimmers weren't willing to stick around to confirm it. Two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off Florida . The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony . Hammerheads are largely harmless to humans, but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it . 'Yeah, now run,' said one of the group of men watching and filming the shark as it displayed the full range of its agility in pursuit of the fish, perhaps a small stingray, one of the species' favourite foods. 'I think they finally figured it out,' said another of the residents at the Silver Beach Towers. 'That is a massive shark, and it came all the way up to knee level.' Destin is a resort town in Okaloosa County, Florida, on the peninsula that separates the Gulf of Mexico from Choctawhatchee Bay. While their hearts may have been racing once they were safely on the beach, the Florida Museum of Natural History's International Shark Attack File lists 17 unprovoked attacks on humans by hammerheads, with none of them fatal. 'Yeah, now run,' said one of the group of men watching as the hammerhead ramped up its chase of the fish . The swimmers are surely relieved once on shore, although serious injury was highly unlikely . Only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans, the scalloped, great, and smooth hammerheads. It's a different story with great white, tiger or bull sharks, which are considered the "Big Three" when it comes to shark attacks claiming the majority of fatalities for swimmers and surfers.^A video captured a hammerhead shark in the shallows off Destin, Florida . Two swimmers had no idea the giant shark was hunting so close to them . Men on a balcony yell to warn them of the proximity of the shark .
Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League. 1. Frank Lampard’s role at Manchester City was always planned as being just a bit part player – but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games. The 2-0 win over West Ham was his 38th appearance of the season but only the eighth time Manuel Pellegrini included him in the first eleven. Of those matches City have won seven – including the 3-2 over Bayern Munich – drawn one and not lost any, scoring 22 goals with just six conceded. Mind you, Lampard was always going to do well against The Hammers. In the last ten years he’s played 15 against his old club whose fans love to hate him, won 13 and drawn twice. Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard (left) more game time . 2. In an era when yellow cards get dished out to defenders like confetti, Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. The 32-year-old did get his name taken during England’s 3-1 win over Slovenia in November, but the 1-0 win over Burnley was his 46th appearance in all competitions for Everton without getting into trouble despite being in the thick of the action, making 16 clearances. Jagielka is the only central defender in the Premier League not to have been shown at least one card. Phil Jagielka (left) is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking . 3. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa. While Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish were the creative stars in midfield in the 2-1 FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool, it was the former England ace who created the platform for them. Cleverley, still on loan from Manchester United and out of contract in the summer, made seven tackles – two more than Liverpool’s midfield put together. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa . 4. Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival after spending most of the season as a barely used sub. The winger, who moved from Aston Villa on a free transfer last summer in search of regular football, has instead had to go until the last two games before boss Nigel Pearson has given him 90 minutes on the pitch. It’s been worth the wait. At West Brom last week he set up one of the goals in the 3-2 win, and he made four chances in the 2-0 victory over Swansea. Marc Albrighton looks to get past Nelson Oliviera during Leicester's 2-0 Premier League win on Swansea . 5. Tony Pulis always insists there is no additional incentive when he’s facing former clubs, but he still finds something extra in his teams against them. The 2-0 win for West Brom at Crystal Palace made it three wins out of three in reunion games without a goal conceded. Pulis got a 1-0 win when he was Palace boss against Stoke last season, the same score by which he beat Stoke again as West Brom boss this year before then going to Selhurst Park to end Alan Pardew’s run of four wins in a row. Tony Pulis shouts instructions to his players during West Brom's 2-0 victory against Crystal Palace . 6. At 37 years old Didier Drogba may not be the force he once was, but the Chelsea centre forward can still put in a shift for Jose Mourinho when he needs to. According to the EA Sports performance data the giant Ivory Coast star ran 6.7 miles in Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Manchester United, only a tenth of a mile less than the distance covered by rival striker Radamel Falcao. He also covered more ground at sprint speed than the Colombian, who is eight years younger than him. Didier Drogba covered more ground at sprint speed than Manchester United's Radamel Falcao on Saturday . 7. It’s been a long wait for Mesut Ozil to live up to his £42.5million transfer fee but the German World Cup star is now finding his true form at just the right time. The 26-year-old provided the assist for both of the Alexis Sanchez goals against Reading that took Arsenal into the FA Cup Final. It’s the second time this season he’s provided two assists in a game, both occasions coming since the start of March. Since the end of January when Ozil recovered from a knee ligament the Gunners have won 13 of the 15 matches he’s played. Mesut Ozil (right) was in fine form as Arsenal earned a place in the FA Cup final on Saturday . 8. With three points separating the top four clubs in the Championship, the race for a place in the Premier League is the tightest ever with two games left. And it’s not much easier for those trying to get into the top flight via the play-offs, either. Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six despite the 1-1 draw at Wolves taking them to 75 points – a total which would have been enough to guarantee a play-off spot in all of the last 14 seasons. Mick McCarthy's Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six . 9. MK Dons banked £5million for selling teenage midfield star Dele Alli to Tottenham in the January window but must be thankful they borrowed him back for the rest of the season. The 19-year-old took his haul for the campaign to 16 goals as got the last in a 6-1 demolition of Leyton Orient which means Karl Robinson’s side have now scored a club record 90 League One goals. If Dons get promotion they’ll be hoping to borrow Alli for another year to continue his development at Championship level. MK Dons youngster Dele Alli with the Football League Young Player of the Year Award on Sunday evening . 10. Gary Johnson is in danger of having two relegations in one season on his CV unless he can get some points from Cheltenham’s last two games against promotion chasing Shrewsbury and at Wimbledon. The 59-year-old, in charge until February at Yeovil who are already doomed to drop out of League One, took a big gamble agreeing to try to rescue the Robins from losing Football League status after a chaotic season. A 2-0 defeat at Northampton means time is running out for the former Bristol City boss. Marc Richards (centre) celebrates putting Northampton into a 2-0 lead against Cheltenham on Saturday .^Man City have won seven of the eight games Frank Lampard has started . Phil Jagielka is five games away from a complete season without a booking . Didier Drogba proved he can still do a job for Jose Mourinho's Chelsea . Tim Sherwood is getting the best out of Tom Cleverley .
Catania, Sicily (CNN)We are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. Perhaps that's incorrect. The migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years, but in the past 10 days, with as many as 1,600 deaths in the Mediterranean, suddenly minds are focused -- for now. Almost exactly four years ago, in Libya, I caught, perhaps, a glimpse of what was to come. It was late at night in the besieged city of Misrata. Hundreds of African migrants were caught between the Libyan civil war (back then some optimistically called it a "revolution") and the deep blue sea. They had come to Misrata from Ghana, Nigeria and elsewhere, hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to Europe. They had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces, but weren't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city. They appealed to us to help them escape. We could do nothing, but they may have eventually found their way out when the fighting subsided. The fall of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's regime, which we reporters covered so avidly, was followed by chaos, which we in the news media largely neglected, focused as we journalists were on the next catastrophe, the Syrian civil war. In that chaos, the business of human trafficking has boomed. And now that boom in human misery is coming in waves to the shores of Italy. The focus today is on those lost at sea. Aware of the tragedy underway, however, Italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe, according to one European Union official. That is certainly the case in the Sicilian port of Catania, where many migrants arrive. The city's mayor, Enzo Bianco, insists city residents bear no ill will toward the migrants, but says Catania, and Sicily cannot absorb the ever-growing numbers. The rest of Europe must help carry the burden. "If something serious isn't done," he warns, "dramas like these will be repeated. This problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand." Increasingly, some Italians are losing their patience. Two northern regions, Veneto and Valle d'Aosta, have declared they will no longer accept new migrants. The rightist Lega Nord has made opposition to new migrants a pillar of its party program. Others, however, insist Italy must keep its doors open. In Catania port, I spoke with Grazia Giurato, who had joined a small protest in solidarity with the migrants. "Many years ago, our grandparents emigrated," she recalled. "Let's keep that in mind." Indeed, in tougher times, millions of impoverished Italians left their homeland to settle in the Americas and Australia. They, too, like the migrants from Africa and the Middle East, were fleeing grinding poverty and war. And they, too, experienced the kind of prejudice and resentment in lands their descendants now proudly call home. That's the long view, perhaps. But now, today, Italians are grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills, ranging from failing states and failing economies to endemic corruption, hopeless poverty, oppression and injustice that no one state or group of states can solve without a gargantuan, expensive and politically daunting effort. And while this crisis has been brewing for years, it is now truly upon us.^Hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the Mediterranean in recent says . And Italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe .
It has been more than a month since much-loved teacher Sharon Edwards graced the halls of her school. While her students at Coutts Crossing Public School on the NSW north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day, the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher's disappearance as a homicide. Ms Edwards was last seen on March 14, after she caught up with friends at the local Good Intent Hotel. Investigators, including forensic officers and the dog squad, returned to her home in Grafton on Monday with a crime scene warrant. Police also went back to the nearby suburb of Lawrence, where Ms Edwards and her husband, John, still own their family home on Neill St. Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW . Pictured from left: Her son Zac, husband John, son Eli, Ms Edwards and her third son Josh . The family made an emotional appeal for information as police said it was a homicide investigation . Detectives say she was last seen alive at her Grafton home that night and have traced her last known whereabouts to the Lawrence area in the early hours of March 15. Son Eli Edwards said his father saw Ms Edwards early on Saturday night at their Grafton home. He then went back to Lawrence and said he didn't see Ms Edwards there, Eli said. When his father went to see her at the Grafton house on the Sunday morning, her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. However her phone and bag were gone. There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions regarding her disappearance. Sharon Edwards, 54, posted a smiling image of herself in front of a sunrise on the morning she disappeared . It was first noticed Ms Edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . The unexplained disappearance has rocked the tight-knit family who have likened the situation to 'something out of a movie'. 'That is the worst part - we don't know. We have no answers,' Eli said. 'My old man's taking it pretty hard and I guess we are all just going through stages.' Eli last heard from his mother on March 14 when he sent her photographs of his baby daughter, who Ms Edwards adored. Mr Edwards appeared in Grafton Local Court on Monday on unrelated unregistered firearm possession charges. Ms Edwards had taken on a new literacy and numeracy job this year at Coutts Crossing Public School and was working on Pinocchio the musical, friend Tracy Hunt told AAP. 'She is just great with all the kids and all the different ages, she is one of those teachers that always have time for them,' Ms Hunt said. 'She was very well-loved ... she is very well-loved.' Ms Hunt said some students had been asking where Ms Edwards was. 'The worst part is there is nothing you can say, because no one knows anything,' she said. 'You just have to hope she is going to turn up safe and sound.' Police  forensically examined three properties - one in Grafton and two, including a vacant block, in nearby Lawrence . The 55-year-old was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14, after spending the afternoon with close friends at the Good Intent Hotel in Grafton on the north coast . It was first noticed Ms Edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . Ms Edwards is described as being Caucasian, with a fair complexion, short blond hair and medium build. Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance, comprising of detectives from the Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command and Northern Region. Investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact Grafton Police Station on 02 6642 0222 or Crime Stoppers. Ms Edwards is described as being of Caucasian, with a fair complexion, short blond hair and medium build. Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance, comprising of detectives from the Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command and Northern Region. Investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact Grafton Police Station on 02 6642 0222 or Crime Stoppers. The 'dedicated' primary school teacher didn't turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on Monday morning and her husband reported her missing the next day . Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character .^Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on Saturday in Grafton, NSW . Police focus has shifted to treat her disappearance as a homicide . Son Eli says family are struggling to come to terms with disappearance . Forensic officers have returned to her home with a crime scene warrant .
It’s no secret that almost all dogs love water, but very few are making waves like these two border collies. One-year-old Anna and six-year-old Indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs after taking to the sport like a duck to water. With the help of their owner, Zane Jones, the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, Australia. Anna and Indi, owned by 32-year-old Zane Jones, have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . Zane, a 32-year-old search and rescue crewman, said: ‘I have been surfing for around 16 years, but when we got Indi, I suddenly had a new riding partner. ‘She would perch on the front of the board and as we caught the waves occasionally lifting one paw up as if she was hanging five, which is Indi's famous trade mark. ‘Anna was exactly the same, they both loved the water from the very first day we took them to the beach.’ Zane and his partner, Caitlin Ollier, 26, have owned the dogs, who both began surfing when they were just 10 weeks old, since they were puppies. Indi, who won a runners-up medal at a competition, has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five' The dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing in Queensland, Australia . The dogs haven’t won a competition yet, but their owners are hoping they can top their best result to date – a runners-up medal for Indi and the Noosa Festival of Surfing. Zane said: ‘Both girls are naturals when it comes to balance and knowing where to stand on the board. ‘When I take Indi and Anna out on the waves at our local surfing spot we always draw a big crowd of people who watch from the board walk or the beach. ‘We even get stopped when we go for walks as people are starting to recognise the girls. ‘Hopefully we can improve our competition performance in the future, but the girls are getting better every day.'^Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . Their best result to date is a runners-up medal won by Indi . Indi has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five' while surfing .
Aaron Cruden has refused to give up hope of appearing in this year’s World Cup, but the harsh truth is that the All Blacks’ title defence has suffered an early blow with the likely loss of their No 10. The 26-year-old Waikato Chiefs fly-half received grim confirmation on Monday that he has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months. Aaron Cruden is almost certain to miss the World Cup after scans revealed the need for knee surgery . Cruden hobbles off the field after damaging his knee during the round 10 Super Rugby match . Four years after New Zealand’s quest to claim the Webb Ellis Cup was so nearly derailed by an injury to Dan Carter, his successor has suffered the same fate — albeit much earlier. Cruden has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years, establishing himself as first choice. ‘I haven’t completely ruled out making the World Cup,’ he said. ‘I still don’t know if it’s sunk in.’ New Zealand coach Steve Hansen added: ‘He has developed into a very good All Black and is a key member of our team. He will be a loss for the Chiefs and the All Blacks.’ England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in Wasps’ Premiership clash with Leicester on May 9. Launchbury has been sidelined since October because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck. Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction in the coming weeks . The knee surgery will rule him out of action for at least six weeks, meaning he will miss the World Cup . Leicester have announced the signing of Australia back-three player Peter Betham from Super 15 champions the Waratahs. Meanwhile, the final of the inaugural European Champions Cup is set to be played out in front of a sparse crowd at Twickenham on May 2. Ticket sales had crept just past 25,000 before the semi-finals and with two French clubs — Clermont Auvergne and Toulon — contesting the showpiece, a crowd of under 40,000 is expected at the 82,000-capacity stadium. That would be the smallest attendance for a final of the continent’s elite event since 2003, when Toulouse and Perpignan attracted just 28,600 in Dublin. Toulon are set to be without English full back Delon Armitage, who reportedly suffered a broken hand in Sunday’s win over Leinster.^Scans have revealed All Blacks flyhalf Aaron Cruden needs knee surgery . The 26-year-old injured his knee during clash with Canterbury Crusaders . Surgery is likely to rule him out of a minimum of six months of action . That means All Blacks ace Cruden will miss this summer's World Cup .
This is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of Men's Health Magazine. Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Cover star? Aydian Dowling is the transgender man widely touted to be on the cover of Men's Health . Miles ahead: Though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent, Aydian clearly has a huge backing . Family life: Aydian, who transitioned in 2009, lives with his wife of three years Jenilee in Oregon . A spokesman told Yahoo: 'We're looking for a guy who's physically fit, who lives a healthy lifestyle, leads by example, has overcome some challenges in his life, and somebody who our readers can learn something from.' With a fan base of thousands on Facebook, Aydian is touted as a role model for transgender, gay, bisexual, and heterosexual men in showing that he has struggled, achieved, and helped others. Aydian, who started taking 'T' (testosterone medication) in 2009, lives in Eugene, Oregon, with his wife of three years Jenilee. Beyond his hit YouTube channel, the entrepreneur has launched his own sportswear brand, Point5cc, which he says is 'designed to highlight transgender pride'. His contestant application reads: 'The battle that can come with the mirror can be completely dark and engulfing. 'As a Transgender Male, having a healthy body and mind is my ultimate goal to find peace within my soul. 'Overcome something': The magazine said Aydian embodies the values they are looking for in their annual Ultimate Guy Search - active, thoughtful and somebody who readers can learn something from . On his application Aydian said he may always battle with his body but being healthy is his key to 'finding peace' History in the making: If he wins, Aydian would make history as the magazine's first transgender cover star . 'Although I may always have some kind of battle with my body, I continue to work every day for a happy peace within.' He adds: 'On days "off" I love to go with my wife, Jenilee, out on hikes around the Pacific North West. 'Although I also love my day to day routines, smashing through thresholds and sculpting the body, there is nothing quite like the beauty being outside can do to a person. 'I always have this sense of discovery and drive through my hikes that is unlike anything in the gym or the track.' Though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent of the vote, Aydian is confident he has what it takes to win over the magazine's judging panel. If he wins he would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year .^Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes - 30,000 more than the man in 2nd place . He transitioned in 2009, lives in Oregon with his wife of 3 years Jenilee . Men's Health competition looks for a 'well-rounded, health-conscious guy who has overcome some challenges in his life and can teach others'
A nondescript tobacco shop in a Tokyo neighbourhood has become an unlikely tourist attraction thanks to a four-legged shopkeeper who has become an online sensation. With millions of video views on the internet Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the Shimada Cigarette Shop from afar. He may be the most adorable salesman ever, but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter. Shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of Tokyo . Visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack, pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him . When a customer rings the bell for service, he leaps to his feet and opens the window for his owner, Hisako Suzuki, who runs the shop in a west Tokyo neighbourhood, near Musashi-Koganei metro station. The intelligent Shiba Inu dog is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up just to see him or buy cigarettes, snacks or magazines. When groups arrive, they queue to pose for photos with the internet star. One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views. Shiba's owner has trained him to open the sliding glass window when customers ring a bell for service . One of the videos featuring Shiba's customer service skills has more than two million views on YouTube . Shiba can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter . Suzuki said business has picked up since the videos went viral, and tourists are invited to sign and leave comments in a guestbook. Some visitors have travelled from as far away as England and Taiwan to say hello to the seven-year-old dog. British tourist Carrie Furlong told Reuters: ‘I've always wanted to come to Japan. 'I would’ve sat on that plane for 20 hours if I had to, I would have come here just to see the culture and everything, but I wanted to see him specifically as well while we were here.’^Shiba the dog has been trained to open a window with his nose and paw . Visitors have travelled from as far away as Britain and Taiwan to see him . Tourists offer snacks and pose for selfies with the internet sensation . A YouTube video featuring his skills has more than two million views . Shiba can often be found napping in a display case under the counter .
Ronny Deila  has confirmed Hearts captain Danny Wilson features on a list of Celtic’s summer transfer targets. As Sportsmail revealed on Tuesday, the Scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the former Rangers and Liverpool defender. Wilson has 12 months left on his current contract, with Hearts owner Ann Budge insisting the newly-promoted Edinburgh club have no need to sell. Hearts captain Danny Wilson (right) is a summer transfer target for Celtic and could be signed for £400,000 . The defender is out of contract at the end of the season but Hearts are in no rush to sell . With Celtic battling to keep hold of current pairing Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer, however, manager Deila admits Wilson is among the potential central-defensive reinforcements being considered. ‘He (Wilson) is one of many names we are looking at,’ the Norwegian conceded. ‘I know all about him, of course. He is a good player but there is nothing in that right now. We are looking for central defenders. That is an important target because of Jason [Denayer] and also because of the situation with Virgil. Hopefully we will keep him.’ Van Dijk has attracted the attention of Sunderland and Southampton while on-loan Denayer will return to parent club Manchester City after making his full international debut for Belgium this week. Desperate to hold on to both ahead of Champions League qualifiers which could potentially be worth £16million to the club, Deila added: ‘First of all, Virgil is our player. He will stay. That’s what we want, to have him through the Champions League. ‘He is so important to us. He still has things to work on to become even better. His chance will come in the future - but he is one of the players we really want to keep. Celtic will face a challenge to keep hold of the services of highly-rated Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk . John Denayer is expected to return to Manchester City after an impressive loan spell in Scotland . ‘Virgil is the leader in the defence, so he is vital for us. Any money we could get for Virgil can’t compare with the money we would get from the Champions League. ‘Jason is a young player, a very good player as well. It is easy to get one player in for him, but not so much if we need two. That’s a totally different thing. I was delighted for Jason he got 30 minutes for Belgium. Again it shows to other players we are doing something right here, that he has come from not playing an important match, ever, to now playing in the first team for Belgium. That’s credit to him and for us as well.’ Repeating the view that Denayer should stay at Celtic to play European football rather than risk a return to the Manchester City reserves, Deila insisted: ‘I think it’s important for him to play, that’s why we sent Liam Henderson to Rosenborg because he needs playing time. I don’t know if he will play or not, I think he will, but it’s a very good experience for him, playing at a big club, with pressure. And the level is hopefully a little bit lower than here and he will get that experience. ‘It’s the same for Jason. City is so hard to play for, if he gets in there he is a world-class player. He is still only 20 so I think he should get more experience here. As it is now, he is going to go back to Manchester City for pre-season.’ PSV winger Zakaria Bakkali is another target for the SPL champions and is available on a free transfer . Budge, meanwhile, insisted that Hearts’ good financial health means there would be no need for them to let Wilson go on the cheap. ‘We have been successful and there will be interest in our players and management team,’ she admitted. ‘But am I confident we can hang on to the majority of the people we currently have. ‘We are in a good bargaining position. We have a fantastic base on which to build and I hope we can hold as much of that as we can. ‘That said, it is a commercial world out there and if someone comes long and offers someone something hugely substantial, then who knows?’ As well as Wilson, Deila admitted Celtic are also trying to tie up players on pre-contract agreements. PSV Eindhoven’s Belgian winger Zakaria Bakkali is one Bosman target, Deila saying: ‘We have three players we are thinking of on Bosman but we haven’t agreed anything with anyone.’^Celtic are considering a £400,000 move for Hearts captain Danny Wilson . Hoops could struggle to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk while loanee John Denayer is expected to return to Manchester City . Scottish Championship winners claim they have no need to sell .
English essential: This laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses . Militants fighting for the Islamic State terror group in Syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak English - something the NHS still hasn't introduced. Revealing plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa, the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age, must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists, and must speak fluent English. The latter rule is something that even the NHS has yet fully put in place, with nurses who trained in European countries still able to treat patients without any formal language checks thanks to bureaucratic rules barring the Nursing and Midwifery Council testing EU candidates. Details of the first nursing school to be opened in ISIS-held territory were revealed by on Twitter by Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently - an activist group based in the Syrian city that uses a network of brave informers to document the daily atrocities carried out by the Islamic extremists. RIBSS shared a photograph of a laminated document written in Arabic  giving details of the new medical school and listing the entry requirements for would-be nurses. It states that all candidates be aged between 18 and 25, pass an entry exam, impress during an interview, graduated from secondary school with science qualifications, be willing to travel to any ISIS-held area, and willing work for ISIS institutions for at least two years after graduating. The document also states the importance of English - saying candidates will not be accepted without knowing how to speak and understand the language. This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced, despite legislation being passed last month making them a legal requirement. Jihadis: ISIS has English language rules for all nurses. The NHS does not have the same level of checks . Although the law has changed, the Nursing and Midwifery Council must engage in a lengthy consultation process, draft new legislation and seek council approval before it can test the English language skills of nurses who trained within the EU. Students graduating from ISIS' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating. However the announcement in Raqqa promised that graduate nurses who achieved top grades and showed the most promise at the school will be considered for places as ISIS' medical school, where they can train for better paid jobs such as doctors and surgeons. ISIS' English language rules have been put in place long before the NHS has been able to bring in similar checks. Militants: Students graduating from ISIS' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating . ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service - complete with information on the latest suicide bombings and 'martyrdom operations'. The extremist group's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan radio network, which already boasts updates in both Arabic and Russian. The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast, which begins and ends with traditional sounding Arabic music, is hosted by a man with an American accent, who takes the listener through the main events of the day. It also boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol' and so-called 'martyrdom operations'. It ends thanking the listener for 'tuning in'. Last year the law was changed to make it legal for all foreign nurses, midwives and dentists from outside the European Union to be forced to take an IELTS language exam if it was felt their English made them unsafe in a medical environment. Since then 429 doctors from outside the EU have been refused a licence to practise medicine in the UK because their English language skills are not up to scratch. Similar rules were passed last month extending those rules to prospective medical who trained inside the EU, a rule quickly adopted by doctors and dentists. The rule is still not being by the Nursing and Midwifery Council, however, as the regulator requires a lengthy public consultation process before it can amend its rules. Even then the law will only apply to candidates who medical authorities judge could be a danger due to poor English language skills. In such an instance the nurse would first be required to prove sufficient English language experience - such as from a GCSE-style qualification - or they will be forced to take the British Council's IELTS qualification, to access whether they have reached a suitable level for their job.^ISIS has announced that all nurses working for them must speak English . Rule was one of the entry requirements for a new nursing school in Raqqa . NHS has also attempted to introduce English language checks for nurses . But despite the law being approved, a lengthy consultation process means EU-trained nurses are still being employed without English tests .
Radamel Falcao has been having a tough time of it on the pitch in recent months, but the struggling striker will have benefited from some much-needed perspective after spending Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez. Newcastle United defender Gutierrez, who successful underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year, was given a standing ovation at Anfield when he was introduced as a second-half substitute during his side's 2-0 defeat by Liverpool on Monday night. Falcao managed to catch up with Gutierrez and posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account stating: 'It was a pleasure to spend time with @elgalgojonas ,a great example of bravery and a great person'. Radamel Falcao (right) spent his Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez . Manchester United striker Falcao walks through Alderley Edge in Cheshire on Thursday afternoon . The on-loan forward has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia in recent weeks . Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United's 4-2 rout of Manchester City . The Colombia striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan from Monaco last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make Falcao's transfer permanent but, having only scored four goals all season in 22 appearances for the club, his future with Louis van Gaal's side is looking increasingly uncertain. The former Atletico Madrid striker is currently commanding £280,000 a week in wages and had to suffer the ignominy of playing for United's Under 21 team in March. Liverpool are being linked with the 29-year-old forward but it is understood that Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia are more likely destinations. United face Premier League-leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Falcao hugs City defender Martin Demichelis at the final whistle at Old Trafford on Sunday .^Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on on loan last summer . Falcao has struggled for form and games since his move . The Colombian forward is currenlty earning £280,000 a week .
David Miscavige, the controversial leader of the Church of Scientology, allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive organization. According to police records obtained by the Los Angeles Times, the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron Miscavige's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations. The claims, which the Church of Scientology has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear, where former members of the church accused David Miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail. Scroll down for video . Explosive claims: Private investigator Dwayne Powell reportedly told Wisconsin police in 2013 that he was hired by David Miscavige (left), the head of the Church of Scientology, to spy on his elderly father, Ronald (right) after he'd left the church . Secretive: The elder Miscavige was allegedly followed by a father-son pair of detectives for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the church . Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986. The allegations of surveillance targeting the renegade scientologist originally came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell. Powell was stopped in a Milwaukee suburb in July 2013 carrying two rifles, four handguns, a makeshift silencer, a knife and a cache of ammunition. Adding fuel to the fire: The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear . According to arrest documents, the private eye’s rented Ford Edge also contained binoculars, a GPS device and a stun gun. During questioning, the sleuth reportedly told police that he was hired by the Church of Scientology through a Florida firm to follow Ronald Miscavige on a full-time basis. Powell reportedly recounted to police how one time he was tailing Mr Miscavige when he witnessed the elderly man clasp his chest and slump over while placing groceries in his car. Thinking that Miscavige was having a heart attack, the private investigator called his supervisor and asked for further instructions. Minutes later, he got a call from David Miscavige himself, according to the records, who told Powell that 'if it was Ron's time to die, to let him die and not intervene in any way.' The elder Miscavige eventually came to and drove off. Last year, Dwayne Powell was charged with a single count of possession of an illegal silencer, but the indictment against him was later dismissed . In a statement to the Times, David Miscavige's personal attorney, Michael Lee Hertzberg, vehemently denied any connection between Powell and his client. ‘Please be advised that Mr. Miscavige does not know Mr. Powell, has never heard of Mr. Powell, has never met Mr. Powell, has never spoken to Mr. Powell, never hired Mr. Powell and never directed any investigations by Mr. Powell,’ the lawyer told the paper. An attorney for the church also commented on the allegations, calling them 'blatantly false.' During an interview with police in West Allis, Wisconsin, Dwayne Powell reportedly said that his job was to keep tabs on Ronald Miscavige and his wife, Becky, to make sure they do not divulge any details about Church of Scientology activities. Powell reported directly to a Florida firm specializing in private investigations and worked the case with his 21-year-old son. Miscavige, chairman of the board of Religious Technology Center (pictured left and right with Tom Cruise), allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his  father during a medical emergency . The duo's surveillance activities allegedly included sifting though Ronald Miscavige's garbage, photographing him, tailing him using a tracking device they had planted on his car and listening to his conversations in public places. Police records indicate that when Miscavige would go to a local library to check his email, Powell or his son would stand behind his back and photograph the computer screen. According to a police report, as recently as last September Ron Miscavige and his wife said they believed they were being watched by his son’s henchmen. Daniel Powell reportedly has corroborated many of his father's statements in interviews with police.^Wisconsin police arrested private investigator Dwayne Powell in 2013 who claimed he was hired by Church of Scientology to spy on Ron Miscavige . David Miscavige's 79-year-old father had left the church a couple of years ago . Powell reportedly told police his job was to track Miscavige's movements, read his emails and listen in on his conversations . David Miscavige allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his father during a medical emergency . Church of Scientology and David Miscavige's attorneys vehemently denied Powell's claims .
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch over the past few months. But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it. The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 — when he was playing well — with a near perfect stance. His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his front foot is far too open. It means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump, and he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself. Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance, but he appears to have overdone it against the West Indies . England head coach Peter Moores and Cook stand together during a nets session in Grenada on Monday . Cook prepares to play a shot during a training session at the Grenada National Stadium in St Georges . Cook plays a shot during a training session at the Grenada National Stadium in St Georges on Monday . In this scenario, because his front foot is still landing as the ball is halfway down, he is forced to play the shot with his hands away from his body, which is when you're most likely to nick the ball to the wicketkeeper or slips. He's clearly trying to open up his shoulders — perhaps he felt a bit closed off last summer — but he moved his front foot way too far against the West Indies and when you're out of nick and under pressure, your movements become exaggerated. It's important to note that in the second picture he has already started to move, making his footwork look worse than it is, but also that Cook has never been a brilliant front-foot player. He's at his best when he gets his movements out of the way early, giving him time to move to the pitch of the ball and bend his front knee into the drive. Of course, when you're in form you don't think about these things. But this is the hardest thing to do. Cook's greatest asset is his mental strength, and what he needs to do in matches is give himself 20 minutes to get settled. After a few boundaries it'll all come naturally. Saying that, I saw him in the nets on Sunday and he looked bloody good! So don't write him off yet. Cook plays a shot during day one of the first test match between West Indies and England last week . Cook kicks out in frustration after being dismissed for 13 runs by a catch from Sulieman Benn on Wednesday .^England captain Alastair Cook has been working on a new batting stance . His new stance has his front foot too far out without protecting the wicket . As a result, he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself . Cook probably overdid his new stance against the West Indies . Still, he shouldn't be written off just yet and impressed in training .
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year. Like Paul, the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections, much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional. Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers. But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support  through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker.' Scroll down for video . Libertarian icon Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG, including the 'Rand on a Stick' item feature above, as he kicks off his presidential campaign . An ophthalmologist by trade, the store contains eye charts bearing Paul's name and his campaign slogan because 'we need a president who can see clearly,' as the site states . For $75 Paul fans can own a throw rug featuring the Kentucky senator. It also comes in a Constitution theme for the same price . 'Sure it might be fun to have Rand in your living room at night engaging in deep discussions about objectivism, libertarianism, conservatism and a few other isms,' the description for the item reads. 'In the absence of that, curl up on your couch with the Rand blanket. It's the next best thing to him being there.' The freshman senator's expansion of his campaign store to include 'Paul for president' items preceded an announcement this morning on the website that said: 'I am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government.' An unofficial candidate for the last year, the statement made formal the tea partier's entry into the 2016 contest a few hours before he was scheduled to hold a campaign kick-off in his home state. He'll spend the rest of the week rallying supporters in early presidential primary states New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa and Nevada, in that order, before making his back to Washington for his day job. The Senate is currently in the midst of a two-week break in honor of the Easter and Passover holidays. Loyalists of the 52-year-old freshman senator and his father Ron, a former Texas representative who sought the presidency in 2008 and 2012, are known for the fervency of their support and organizational skills. Tonight they'll celebrate the younger Paul's entry into 2016 competition with 'Stand with Rand' #LibertyKaraoke parties across the country. Running on the slogan 'Defeat the Washington Machine, Unleash the American Dream' and promoting himself as 'A Different Kind of Republican,' Paul's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives- fiercely independent young adults who are just as likely to vote for GOP politicians as they are Libertarian candidates or nobody at all. Playing off the Stand with Rand theme, the description accompanying a pair of $20 sandals in the store says, 'no, really stand with Rand in official campaign flip flops.' Beer steins and t-shirts rock an 'unleashed' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an American flag in his mouth. The item bound to draw the most attention, however, is the campaign's 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government. 'That little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not!' the item's page warns . For $100 Paul's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhall, the bean bag toss game that's especially popular with the southerners from Paul's native region . And for $1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed Rand Paul pocket Constitution. 'It's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat, a purse, laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans,' the site says . For $100 Paul's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhole, the bean bag toss game that's especially popular with the southerners from Paul's native region, and for $1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed Rand Paul pocket Constitution. 'It's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat, a purse, laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans,' the site says. And there's the 'Rand on a Stick' posters of Paul's head, attached to a stick. 'Sure, there are a lot of things you can get on a stick, but can you get the next leader of the free world on a stick? Huh? 'These Rand Paul freedom paddles are printed on sturdy corrugated plastic and are great for rallies, parades, meetings, operas, church services that lack air conditioning and so much more,' the description reads. 'This purchase comes in a set of 12. That's right, one for every friend and family member.' Playing off the Stand with Rand theme, the description accompanying a pair of $20 sandals in the store says, 'no, really stand with Rand in official campaign flip flops' Running on the slogan 'Defeat the Washington Machine, Unleash the American Dream' and promoting himself as 'A Different Kind of Republican,' Paul's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives . Paul supporters can also purchase Stand with Rand floor mats for their vehicle, priced at $70 . Beer steins and t-shirts rock an 'unleashed' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an American flag in his mouth . An ophthalmologist by trade, the store also contains eye charts bearing Paul's name and his campaign slogan because 'we need a president who can see clearly,' the site states. 'Professionally, he has corrected the vision of thousands and now will do the same thing in the White House.. and we're not talking about a new prescription for President Obama,' the site teases. The item bound to draw the most attention, however, is the campaign's 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government. 'That little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not!' the item's page warns. Paul backers can 'stop hackers and the NSA' from spying on them for low price of $15. 'Safe and practical,' the site says.^The freshman senator beefed up his campaign store ahead of his presidential announcement this morning . Rand fans will find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers - but they'll also be able to sport their support with more unique items . Macbook skins and woven blankets feature Paul, flip-flops and car mats bear the slogan 'Stand with Rand' and there's branded cornhole boards . For $1,000 supporters can buy pocket Constitutions signed by Paul . Paul's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives .
Tiger Woods has had to face some huge challenges during his career, but not many will have been larger than 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming. The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year, which included a return to some form at the US Masters, but took a break to offer the retired Chinese basketball star a few golfing tips. The pair met up at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai where the former Houston Rockets centre towered over his tutor as he got to grips with his swing on an indoor range. Golf's former world No 1 is dwarfed by the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre . Tiger Woods (left) gives Yao Ming a golfing lesson at the Nike headquarters in Shanghai, China . The towering Chinese athlete takes notes as Woods helps him get to grips with his swing . Meanwhile, Woods has confirmed he will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7. The 39-year-old announced on Twitter that he will tee it up at TPC Sawgrass for the tournament often labelled as the 'fifth major'. 'Looking forward to going back to THE PLAYERS this year, hoping for a repeat of 2013,' he said. Woods' confirmed return will dampen fears over a wrist injury he appeared to suffer during the final round at Augusta when he hit a tree root. 'A bone kind of popped out and the joint kind of went out of place, but I put it back in,' he said. Woods, pictured with Rory McIlroy, found some form on his return to the US Masters . Woods will be back at the TPC Sawgrass, allaying fears over a wrist injury picked up at Augusta . Speculation over Woods' return had been circulating ever since the Masters when, following rounds of 73, 69, 68 and 73, he refused to confirm when he would be back in action. 'Not going to be for a while,' he said. 'I have a little time off, and go back to the drawing board, work on it again, and refine what I'm doing. 'I really like what I'm doing, I got my distance back, and everything is good.' Jack Nicklaus said this week that Woods would feature at the Memorial at Muirfield Village beginning on June 4 but he will now be back earlier than that at a tournament that he won in 2001 and 2013.^Tiger Woods gave former NBA star Yao Ming a few tips on his swing . The 7ft 6in Chinese athlete retired from Houston Rockets in 2011 . 14-time major winner Woods will return to competition at TPC Sawgrass .
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they say, involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. But in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they believe, still involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way . 'The hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is likely to have been present in human language since its emergence,' says Shigeru Miyagawa, Professor of Linguistics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Most scholars believe that humans first started using a 'proto-language', which was a primitive kind of communication with only a gradual development of words and syntax. But according to Professor Miyagawa, single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system, rather than from simple, primal utterances. 'Since we can find syntax within words, there is no reason to consider them as 'linguistic fossils' of a prior, presyntax stage,' he adds. In a new study, one linguist argues that human language likely developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. Pictured is a reconstruction of of Rhodesian Men. Remains from this species have been dated between 300,000 and 125,000 years ago . Professor Miyagawa has a different theory about what created human language. He says humans combined an 'expressive' layer of language, as seen in birdsong, with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds, such as alarm calls. The 'integration hypothesis' suggests that whatever first caused them, these layers of language blended rapidly. In his paper, Professor Miyagawa writes that a single word today can be 'internally complex, often as complex as an entire phrase,' making it less likely that words we use today are descended from a presyntax mode of speech. 'Nationalisation' for example starts with 'nation,' a noun; adds '-al' to create an adjective; adds '-is(a)' to form a verb; and ends with '-tion,' to form another noun, albeit with a new meaning. 'Hierarchical structure is present not only in single words, but also in compounds, which, contrary to the claims of some, are not the structureless fossilised form of a prior stage,' he says. The researchers arrived at their conclusions by conducting a series of experiments in teaching students the art of 'Oldowan stone-knapping' The very first rudimentary communcation between our ancestors took place much earlier, say one group of scientists. Earlier this year, researchers argued that cavemen initially began communicating 2.5 to 1.8 million years ago - and they were talking about DIY. The international study found stone tool-making drove the evolution of language among our human ancestors in the African savannah. It suggests communication among our earliest ancestors may have been more complex than previously thought, and that tool-making helped drive evolution. The researchers, who included scientists at the University of Liverpool and St Andrews, arrived at their conclusions by conducting a series of experiments in teaching students the art of 'Oldowan stone-knapping'. This is when butchering 'flakes' are created by hammering a hard rock against certain volcanic or glassy rocks, like basalt or flint. Oldowan stone-knapping dates back to the Lower Paleolithic period in eastern Africa, and remained largely unchanged for 700,000 years until more sophisticated Acheulean hand-axes and cleavers were developed. In testing five different ways to convey Oldowan stone-knapping skills to more than 180 college students, the researchers found that the demonstration that used spoken communication – versus imitation, non-verbal presentations or gestures – yielded the highest volume and quality of flakes. The same analysis applies to words in Romance languages that have been described elsewhere as remnants of formless proto-languages. In Italian, 'porta asciuga-mani' - literally 'carry dry-hands,' but today colloquially meaning 'towel holder' - is one such case, where a compound derived from old words has a clear internal structure. Researchers think the integration hypothesis could generate a productive set of research questions. Andrea Moro, a professor of linguistics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Pavia, Italy, who edited the paper, calls it a 'very interesting' critique of the idea that human language developed gradually. However, Professor Moro suggests there is an 'intuitive difference' between cases where words assemble to form either a compound word or a sentence. He believes it is possible that studies of the concept of 'symmetry-breaking,' a potentially distinctive part of sentence formation, 'may offer new empirical data to test the hypothesis and shed light on the birth of human language.'^Complex human conversation began around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . Professor Shigeru Miyagawa notes single words bear traces of syntax . He says this shows the words came from an older, syntax-laden system . He believes humans combined an 'expressive' layer of language, as seen in birdsong, with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys .
(CNN)The Red Cross on Saturday called for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen, saying many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon. The call came just before the U.N. Security Council met late Saturday morning to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation, where Shiite rebels are pitted against external Arab air forces and fighters loyal to Yemen's displaced Sunni president. A pause was needed especially in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, where intense fighting has happened in the past two weeks, the International Committee of the Red Cross said. Food, water, medical items and personnel need to get into these areas, the group said. "Otherwise, put starkly, many more people will die. For the wounded, their chances of survival depend on action within hours, not days," Robert Mardini, the ICRC's head of operations in the Near and Middle East, said. Another Red Cross official said people are running out of food, water and fuel. "Medical supplies need to be here yesterday. The situation is difficult,"said Marie-Claire Feghali, a spokeswoman for the ICRC who is in the capital, Sanaa. "We need to save the lives that can be saved." Meanwhile, residents of Sanaa, witnessed the fiercest Saudi strikes since the air assault started last week. Military facilities, including two bases, within the city limits have been targeted, three senior security officials in Sanaa said. At the Security Council, Russia submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes that a nine-country regional coalition, led by Saudi Arabia, has been conducting against the rebels in Yemen for more than a week. The meeting adjourned with no decision announced. One diplomat said the draft was missing what the envoy called key elements. It doesn't call for the Houthis to stop fighting, and it does not call for political talks between the belligerents, the diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January. The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January. But Hadi escaped in February, fled to Aden and declared himself to still be president. Houthis and their allies, including those loyal to Hadi's predecessor, then fought Hadi's forces in the Aden area. Hadi fled Aden in late March, ultimately for Saudi Arabia, when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city. The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia, a predominately Sunni nation and Yemen's northern neighbor, and other Arab nations to hit the rebels in Yemen with airstrikes. A Saudi source told CNN that special forces supplied weapons and communication equipment to Yemeni fighters in Aden loyal to Hadi. The Houthis were retreating from areas in the center of the city, including the presidential palace there, the source said. Saudi special forces help oppose Houthi rebels in Yemen, source says . The United Nations said Thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks. An additional 1,700 have been wounded. Tens of thousands have fled to nearby Somalia and Djibouti. In Aden alone, fighting has killed 58 people and injured 200 more in the past two days, Yemeni security officials said. At least 24 of the dead were Houthis. Complicating matters in Yemen is that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- not the Houthis or Hadi-loyal forces -- holds sway in the country's east. AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization. Also late this week, photos circulating on social media purported to show senior al Qaeda leader Khaled Batarfi  -- whom Yemeni defense officials said militants busted out of jail on Thursday -- posing in a presidential residence in southern Yemen. Sunni Islamist fighters freed Batarfi with some 270 prisoners when they overran the town of al Mukallah. On Saturday, the French military evacuated 44 people, including some French nationals, from the eastern Yemeni port city of Balhaf. CNN's Don Melvin, Trey Haney, David Shortell and Richard Roth contributed to this report.^Saudi Arabia airstrikes on the capital increase as jets hit military facilities in Sanaa . The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the situation . Social media: A senior al Qaeda commander stands in a presidential residence after a jail break .
Nottingham Forest will make a renewed move for Blackburn's £10million-rated striker Jordan Rhodes this summer. Forest manager Dougie Freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in March as Blackburn rebuffed interest from Forest, Derby, Norwich and Middlesbrough. Freedman though now hopes the offer of straight cash can tempt Rovers into parting with a forward who has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons. Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes, but it could cost them £10m . Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons, and Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for him . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer expects further interest in Rhodes' strike partner Rudy Gestede too after seeing the Benin international boost his season’s tally to 19 goals against Forest on Saturday. Hull, Crystal Palace, West Brom and Southampton have all watched French-born Gestede and Bowyer said: 'I know there’s going to be interest in him.'^Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons . Dougie Freeedman tried to sign the striker in March, but was turned down . Rhodes and partner Rudy Gestede also attracting Premier League attention .
A daredevil risked life and limb for the opportunity to be named World’s Most Talented by jumping over a sports car that travelled towards him at 60mph. Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder who has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes. In the clip, which features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented, Gobitaca is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump. Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder . His stunt driver, Hassan explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car. He then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the Opel Speedster so as to get to the desired speed before reaching Gobitaca. As Hassan approaches, people in the crowd wince but Gobitaca actually makes a move towards the speeding sports car. The people in the crowd grimace as the car approaches the daredevil but incredibly he runs towards it . Up and over! The daredevil leaps into the air and jumps over the car travelling at him at 60mph . He then effortlessly and rather athletically leaps into the air and the car  zooms past safely underneath him. An instant slow motion reply shows the height Gobitaca reaches and just how close the car comes to ploughing into him. The video concludes with the daredevil doing a little dance in celebration and the people in the crowd clapping and cheering. The daredevil effortlessly and athletically leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him . The daredevil lands and does a little dance in celebration before the presenter runs over to congratulate him . Hassan is then featured in his car making a hand gesture while coming to a stop – a look of relief is etched on his face. Finally the impressed presenter finishes recording the stunt from a tablet and runs over to greet and congratulate the daredevil.^Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, completed the stunt . Gobitaca has previously jumped a Lamborghini and a motorbike . The daredevil jumper is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder . Gobitaca represented Sweden in TV show World’s Most Talented .
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine to cleanse skin and shift make-up. But a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads — promises not only to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also to retexturise and brighten skin and, in some cases, even do away with fine lines and age spots. Scroll down for video . Face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years now but there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin (stock image) Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game-changers, offering all the benefits of a professional facial in a simple at-home swipe. With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test . . . SKIN-BRIGHTENER . Origins Modern Friction Instant Brightening Pads, £31 for 40, boots.com . THEY CLAIM: A quick sweep of these fruit acid-infused pads is like a professional 30 per cent glycolic peel, and you’ll see results in under a minute. Use twice-weekly. THE TEST: These have a strong, antiseptic-type smell and are a bit abrasive, leaving tingling that lasts a minute or so. Skin feels squeaky-clean and looks instantly shiny and smoother. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘Definitely not for sensitive skin and should only be used twice-weekly, as advised. The fruit acid strips off dead cells and works to make skin brighter and smoother. ‘But the harsh ingredients do open the skin to moisture loss, so follow with a moisturiser with a high SPF to protect skin.’ GENTLY GLOWING . First Aid Beauty Facial Radiance Pads, £22 for 60, feelunique.com . THEY CLAIM: Cucumber and Indian gooseberry tone the skin, while lemon and liquorice root leave it glowing. The pads reduce visible pores, improve clarity and diminish appearance of fine lines. Use once or twice daily. THE TEST: These circular pads are moist and gentle. They leave skin feeling damp and soft, with an instant, youthful glow. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘A good starter pad. Skin-soothing cucumber counteracts the harsh glycolic and lactic acids. Liquorice is a known skin-brightener and fruit berries are good antioxidants. ‘Start slowly with these — once a week — to avoid irritation, and build up to daily use.’ SENSITIVE SKIN . Simple Kind To Skin Radiance Wipes, £3.29 for 25, amazon.co.uk . THEY CLAIM: Ideal for sensitive skin, these help cleanse, exfoliate and remove impurities. Added moisturiser hydrates skin. THE TEST: These look like old-school wipes: big, rectangular, damp tissues that remove make-up easily and effectively. My skin feels soft and plump afterwards, but I’m not left with a radiant glow. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘Ideal for most skin types, with a combination of clever skin-soothing and moisturising ingredients. Mango extract and bisabolol (an extract of chamomile) soothe, while glycerin is an ultra-efficient moisturiser. ‘A step up from regular wipes and good for twice-a-day use.’ ONE-MINUTE FACIAL . Nip+Fab Glycolic Fix Exfoliating Facial Pads, £12.95 for 60, superdrug.com . THEY CLAIM: Pads are soaked in glycolic acid, which retextures and resurfaces skin, while witch hazel helps to tone. Moisturiser with hyaluronic acid and soothing blue daisy leads to brighter, smoother skin. THE TEST: These have a strong perfume smell and a quick swipe leaves the skin tingling. My face instantly feels brighter, smoother and refreshed — like a facial, only a hell of a lot quicker. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘The glycolic acid lifts dead cells, leaving skin refreshed and renewed, while hyaluronic acid traps moisture. The retexturising and resurfacing are likely more subtle than claimed, but this works well as a weekly brightening boost.’ INSTANT PEEL . Cane & Austin Retexturising Treatment Pads, £18 for 25, beautybay.com . THEY CLAIM: A one-step, at-home glycolic treatment that gently exfoliates, while helping to rebuild collagen. Reveals a clearer, more radiant complexion. For sensitive skin only. THE TEST: Each small, square pad comes folded in its own neat little wrapper. Cool and wet, it cuts through dirt and impurities and leaves a slight stinging sensation, like after a facial. Skin is left instantly youthful and has more of a glow. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘A very logical approach to skincare. After the high-grade glycolic acid strips away dead, dull skin cells, the vitamin A — a retinoid — helps to stimulate new cell growth. ‘This is a highly efficient wipe, but should only be used at night, as vitamin A is damaged by visible light. Best to use once or twice a week at first, then build up to nightly use.’ DEEP CLEANSE . Nivea 3-in-1 Daily Exfoliating Wipes, £3 for 20, tesco.com . THEY CLAIM: The textured side exfoliates dirt and impurities, while the soft side cleanses and removes make-up. The magnolia extract refines and improves the skin. THE TEST: The wipe feels abrasive as you sweep it across, but the collection of dirt is impressive! My face feels clean afterwards, but a bit dry and dull. EXPERT VERDICT: ‘More of a mechanical exfoliant. The act of dragging it across the skin will remove dull cells and stimulate growth of newer, efficient ones. ‘But don’t overdo it, or you will remove too much of the skin’s protective layer. Once or twice a week is enough.’^Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our daily beauty regimes . But a new generation of  wipes promises to retexturise and brighten skin . Dr Nick Lowe and Lauren Libbert decided to put them to the test .
Breakfast TV queen Lorraine Kelly has revealed the secret to her trim new look in an interview, and surprisingly, it doesn't involve diets. It turns out the 55-year-old has been attending regular Zumba classes, and it's paid off. The Scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes - up to four times a week - has helped her drop two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10. Scroll down for video . Lorraine Kelly (pictured left) has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular Zumba classes with her instructor, Maxine Jones (pictured right) Zumba is a fitness programme, combining Latin and international music, and incorporates aerobic elements across various styles of dance. The classes vary in price, but average at about £5. In an interview with Woman, Kelly gushed about her Zumba instructor, Maxine Jones. She said: 'Maxine's changed my life. I have more energy now and that helps me look and feel younger.' In the interview, the 55-year-old also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss. As the presenter of her own eponymous ITV show, which airs early in the morning every weekday, it's understandable that feeling good in front of the camera is important to Kelly. The 55-year old is no stranger to exercise, and ran the London Marathon back in 2010 . Zumba is a dance fitness programme that combines several dance styles and aerobic activity . She explained: 'I've never had a waist before, I didn't have that curviness, but now I have and I look better. 'I'm a size 10 and I love being able to go into the shops and buy a top because I like it and not because I want to hide my bottom.' Kelly also explained that Zumba had helped her develop a new-found confidence, and that at the age of 55, she had more confidence than she had ever felt. She added: 'I was never unfit, but I was never truly fit. I'd done marathons but more out of determination. 'But Zumba is so much fun…I feel more confident now in my fifties than I have ever felt. Confidence comes from within.' And Lorraine also found a friend for life in instructor Maxine. Maxine started instructing in 2011, and prior to this, had been a banker for 20 years. She explained: 'Maxine's more like a friend now – she makes me laugh. 'She's 45 and I'm 55 ­– we always joke that our combined ages add up to 100!' The 55-year-old spoke to Woman magazine about how attending Zumba classes up to four times a week had helped her drop two dress sizes .^Scottish TV presenter  has lost weight through regular Zumba classes . Dance routine has helped 55-year-old Lorraine drop two dress sizes . Has also found a friend for life in Zumba instructor Maxine Jones . Read the full interview in this week's issue of Woman, on sale Tuesday 14 April .
A mother whose teenage daughter was tortured to death by her sadistic lover has spoken for the first time of her heartbreak. Margaret Bates, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Too traumatised to speak about her only daughter's death until now, Mrs Bates, 60, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed Smith when she first met him. Margaret and Tommy Bates are speaking about their daughter Kelly-Anne's brutal murder for the first time . Kelly-Anne Bates enjoys time with her friends . Mrs Bates, who has two sons, Andrew, 39, and Paul, 33, said: 'I know I shouldn’t say this, but I wish I’d killed him the first time I saw him. That way Kelly would still be alive.' Over three barbaric weeks, Smith burnt Kelly-Anne with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes. Smith also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives, forks and scissors, causing 150 separate injuries before beating her with a shower head and drowning her in the bath. Throughout the horrific onslaught, the terrified teenager was alive, begging for mercy. Smith, who was then 49, got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes. Next year marks the 20th anniversary of Kelly-Anne's death, but Mrs Bates said even with the passage of time, she and her husband Tommy, 66, are unable to read the post-mortem report which details the injuries their daughter endured. Flashback: Kelly-Anne and her mother Margaret on holiday in Barry Island, Wales . 'Every now and again, I phone the coroner to ask for the post-mortem report but each time I back out. I can't face it - I never will,' she said. Mrs Bates said as a little girl, Kelly-Anne was a tomboy who loved playing football with her friends. She also adored children, and often babysat for neighbours. She said: 'Kelly loved children and wanted to be a teacher. She was soft-hearted and very maternal.' Sadistic killer James Smith . At 14, while babysitting for a friend, Kelly-Anne met James Smith. He began a grooming process which was so secretive that her parents knew nothing about him for two years. When Kelly-Anne was 15, she stayed out over night and her panicked parents called the police. When she finally came home, the following morning, she claimed to have stayed over with a schoolfriend called Rachel. Mrs Bates said: 'I knew she was lying. It wasn't like her, but I'd no idea what was going on. 'Kelly was a good girl. As well as babysitting, she had a job on a market stall at weekends. She played hockey and she was clever at school. She was hard-working and sensible and I could never have dreamed she was being groomed by a monster.' She said Kelly-Anne once arrived home with a black eye and told her parents she had been attacked by a gang of girls in the street. Soon afterwards, Kelly-Anne announced she had a new boyfriend, James Smith, who she said was 32 years old. 'The first time I met him, he swaggered down the stairs and it made the hairs stand up on the back of my neck,' said Mrs Bates. 'He was much older than I expected and this wasn’t the man I wanted for my daughter. I vividly recall seeing our bread knife in the kitchen and wanting to pick it up and stab him in the back. 'It was a bizarre thought - I would never normally think of anything so violent and now I wonder whether it was some sort of sixth sense. 'I’ve thought about that many times.' Kelly-Anne and her brothers Andrew and Paul have some fun on the beach . Margaret Bates said Kelly-Anne was very maternal and here the teenager feeds a baby . Margaret Bates and her only daughter Kelly-Anne as a baby . Mrs Bates called police and social services but because Kelly-Anne was 16 they could not help. She said: 'I didn’t know what do to. She was very strong-minded and she wouldn’t listen to me. And I was worried that, if I fell out with her, it would just push them closer together. 'One night she came home and her face was black and blue. Another time, her hand was bruised. I suspected Smith was hitting her, but Kelly-Anne denied it. 'I rang the police but they said there was nothing they could do without a statement from Kelly.' In November 1995, 17-year-old Kelly-Anne moved in with Smith who lived in Gorton, Manchester. Kelly-Anne gets to grips with crutches after injuring herself as a teenager . She spoke to her parents most weeks on the phone, when Smith was present, but never saw them again. Mrs Bates said: 'In addition to worrying about Kelly-Anne, our youngest son, Paul, was in hospital for weeks and I had a hernia operation too, so our lives were thrown into chaos. 'We even went round to Smith's address to try to persuade her to come home, but he was there all the time. The young Kelly-Anne smiles for the camera . 'On one visit he showed me a hole in his floor boards where he said he'd had a gas leak. 'Just a few weeks later, he kept Kelly prisoner in the hole while he tortured her.' Mrs Bates said she then discovered that Smith was 48 years old - 21 years older than Kelly-Anne. She said she pleaded with Kelly-Anne to leave him, but by now, Smith controlled all their contact. In the weeks before her death, Kelly-Anne endured unimaginable torture while her family - terrified of pushing her even further into Smith’s clutches - waited by the phone. 'In April, I got a Mother's Day card from Kelly in Smith's handwriting and I'd had enough,' she said. 'But I was torn; I didn't want to keep going round there because I thought it was making things worse. 'It haunts me to think if we had gone round there she would be alive today.' Mrs Bates said she contacted the police domestic violence unit and was encouraged to give her daughter its leaflets. Tragically, Mrs Bates was never to see Kelly-Anne again and said she still has the leaflets to this day. On April 16, 1996, Mrs Bates said police arrived to tell them that Kelly-Anne was dead. Kelly-Anne had been starved and had lost more than three stone in weight. Loving tribute: A floral tribute bearing Kelly-Anne's name at her funeral, which took place the day before her 18th birthday . Her body was so badly mutilated that police and pathologists said it was the worst case of abuse they had ever seen. The jury at Smith's trial was offered counselling due to the horrific details of the case. Kelly-Anne was buried the day before her 18th birthday. Smith was jailed for life in November 1997 and during the trial it emerged that he had a horrific history of violence towards women. Mr and Mrs Bates have now set up a local branch of the national support group Support After Murder or Manslaughter (SAMM) for other parents and have found some comfort in helping other families. 'I wish I had killed Smith myself,' added Mrs Bates. 'I want him to die just like Kelly did. Not a day goes by when I don’t think that. 'But he had her in his clutches and I couldn’t save her.' Flowers, cards and messages are piled up on Kelly-Anne's grave .^Margaret Bates is haunted by horrific murder of 17-year-old Kelly-Anne . Mum-of-three says she can't read autopsy report which details 150 injuries . Speaking for the first time after being left traumatised by death . Teen's boyfriend, James Smith, 49, was jailed for life after 1996 murder . Jury offered counselling after hearing of the youth's unimaginable ordeal .
Sir Bradley Wiggins' participation in the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire has been confirmed. The four-time Olympic champion, who left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12, will ride for his eponymous team in the May 1 to 3 race, organisers have announced. Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner, was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire. Sir Bradley Wiggins will be riding for his eponymous team at the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire next month . The Tour de Yorkshire, which begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds, is a legacy of the Grand Depart and features Steven Burke, Mark Christian, Andy Tennant, Owain Doull and Jon Dibben in Team Wiggins. The quintet are all looking to be team-mates of Wiggins in the four-man, four-kilometre team pursuit at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics. Marcel Kittel, who won the opening stage of the Tour de France in Harrogate last summer, returns to Yorkshire with his Giant-Alpecin squad. The German sprinter, who has struggled for form in 2015, will be fancied for stage one to Scarborough and stage two from Selby to York, with both routes expected to finish in a sprint. The final Wakefield to Leeds stage is undulating and makes for a thrilling finale. The Team Sky squad is led by Rotherham's Ben Swift and Scot Andy Fenn, while two-time Olympic track champion Ed Clancy, who is from Huddersfield, rides for JLT-Condor. The four-time British Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 .^Sir Bradley Wiggins left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 . Tour de Yorkshire begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds from May 1-3 . Wiggins' eponymous team is completed by Steven Burke, Mark Christian, Andy Tennant, Owain Doull and Jon Dibben .
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Throngs of protesters packed the streets of major Brazilian cities on Sunday, pushing for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff. Fueled by mounting anger over a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in Rousseff's party, demonstrators chanted "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change." Police estimated that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. A sea of protesters dressed in the green and yellow of the Brazilian flag used decades-old rallying cries to fire up their ranks, singing rock songs that date back to protests of the country's one-time military dictatorship. It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. And protesters vowed that it wouldn't be the last. There are a number of issues at play. One of the biggest: an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras. Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to Rousseff's Workers Party and its allies. And during many of the years that the alleged corruption took place, Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras. There hasn't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme, and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead. Rousseff has defended Brazilians' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at Petrobras but denied any prior knowledge of the alleged kickback scheme. Brazilians are still outraged. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of the votes in October, but her approval rating plummeted to 13% after protests began last month. "Many things have changed since the election," Janaina, a protester in Sao Paulo, said on Sunday, noting that even some people who voted for Rousseff were in the crowd. Some protesters said they'd rather see Rousseff step down than push for impeachment, which could be difficult to push through without evidence tying the President directly to the corruption scandal. But Janaina said impeachment remained a realistic option. "Yes, it has to be," she said. "It's our last hope." CNN's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto, Catherine E. Shoichet and Jessica King contributed to this report.^Police say 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo . Many want President Dilma Rousseff to be impeached . A corruption scandal has implicated politicians in her party .
The mother of the police officer who was caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back as he was running away has broken her silence. Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated. Ms Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead. Scroll down for video . Karen Sharpe (above) the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview . This as Slager (mugshot left, force photo right) is behind bars and has been fired from his job, though he has yet to enter a plea . Sharpe (above) said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident - and doesn't plan to . Sharpe also expressed sympathy for Walter Scott's (above) family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' 'I just can't,' Sharpe told ABC News. 'Maybe to some people, "Well, you're being in denial," but I'm sorry I just can't. I just - I know how Michael is.' She went on to say her son loved being an officer. 'I can't imagine him doing something, it's just not like him,' she said of the shooting. 'That's just not his character. It's not.' As for Slager's wife, she said that earlier that day the two women had to go for a checkup together to see how her baby is doing. 'She was just so sad because he was not there and I know that he would not do something purposeful to not be able to be with his wife during the delivery,' Sharpe said of the doctor's appointment. 'They just tried so hard for this.' She then added; 'He has a little baby on the way, due next month, and they worked so hard for this baby.' The city had previously stated it would continue paying for Mrs. Slager's health insurance until she gives birth. Ms Sharpe also spoke about the Scott family as she said; 'Their life will never be the same again and my life will never be the same again. 'Even though they're not the same things that have happened, I know there are changes in both their family and my family ... and that's the part that bothers me. They've changed forever.' Ultimately, she is putting her trust in her faith, and refuses to believe that she might never see her son a free man again. 'I just have to let it be and hope God takes care of everybody involved -- not only my family but the Scott's family - because I know they're grieving just like I'm grieving,' she said. The shooting death of Scott by Slager occurred on Saturday morning . At the time, Slager said that Scott was going for his Taser and that he used necessary force . Video footage taken by an eyewitness soon refuted Slager's claims . Then, when asked about the video footage and if she had seen it yet, Sharpe said:  'No I have not and I have purposely not watched it.' She continued: 'I have purposely not heard people's comments about it. I just, I can't watch it.' She also said she is avoiding reading the papers of watching the news. 'I know who Michael is,' she explained. 'And I don't know what is being portrayed of him because I haven't listened to them, but he's a very good person.' Slager was charged with Scott's murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty. He was terminated from the North Charleston police department the following day, with Chief Eddie Riggers telling a press conference that he had watched the video and found it 'sickening'. Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing last Saturday. This after the shooting was caught on camera by an eyewitness. Slager had reported that Scott was going for his Taser at the time, a claim the video footage refuted. He claimed to have stopped the man for a broken brake light.^The mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager is speaking out as her son is behind bars for the the shooting death of Walter Scott . Karen Sharpe defended her son, saying she could not imagine him ever murdering someone and that he loved being a police officer . She also revealed that Slager's pregnant wife is devastated about what has happened as she is set to give birth next month . Sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident . She also expressed sympathy for the Scott family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing .
Tiger Woods has been spotted hitting balls on the practice range at Augusta National, increasing hopes the former world No 1 will confirm his appearance at this year's first Major. Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems. He has since taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form, but there has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times. Tiger Woods was spotted practising at Augusta on Tuesday and is said to have returned to the course . Woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . Tiger Woods made his first appearance at the Masters as a 19-year-old back on April 3, 1995. Woods said he was not impressed by the iconic venue when he first drove through the gates. He said: 'When I first arrived here — Magnolia Lane, is that it? — I thought that it was a pretty short drive. 'From what everyone says, it’s majestic and a long drive, you can’t believe it, and this, that and the other.' Tiger played 18 holes at the course on Tuesday and insiders from the Golf Channel say he has now returned to the venue for a practice session. Woods did not play last year's Masters following back surgery - the first time he had missed the event since he first played it in 1995. On Monday, Woods dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings for the first time in almost 19 years. The 14-time major winner did not record a top-10 finish in nine starts in 2014, and has missed three cuts and withdrawn twice in his last six Tour starts. Woods' last title came at the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational in August 2013. Woods, pictured driving off the 10th tee in April 1995, made his Masters debut 20 years ago . Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005 .^Tiger Woods increased speculation regarding possible Major comeback . Woods has been spotted at Augusta National on more than once occasion . The 39-year-old has dropped out of top 100 for first time in almost 19 years .
Bringing the high street to Sydney's Shire, Topshop and Topman is set to launch a second store in NSW at Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April. In a nod to it's English heritage, the brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists  and giveaways. To officially kick off the event, an exclusive breakfast will be hosted by Australian beauty and Australia's Next Top Model judge Cheyenne Tozzi. Scroll down for video . Top spot: Iconic UK brand Topshop and Topman is set to open second Sydney store in Westfield Miranda . Cue the crowds: The flagship Sydney store had thousands camp out in the lead up to its opening in 2012 . And for the lucky fashionistas who attend the event, they will be able to mingle in the in the personal styling suite among Home and Away's popular 'River Boy' Nic Westaway. The store which is said to be 100 square metre, will be a welcome international addition to the Westfield Miranda shopping centre which currently only stocks leading local labels. The UK brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from London each week, giving Australian's the opportunity to keep up to date with catwalk trends from overseas, seasons before they would be due to land here. Celebrity charm: British label has asked Cheyenne Tozzi and Nic Westaway to host in the launch celebrations . An exclusive limited edition 'Boutique' line will also debut featuring designer collaborations as loved by celebrities such as Cara Delevingne, Beyonce, Kate Moss and Kendall Jenner. The opening of Westfield Miranda is the first of several Topshop and Topman stores to roll out over the next twelve months according to the leading UK brand. This launch marks the seventh Topshop store to open in Australia and closely follows the opening of New Zealand store last month. Fashion flagship: Topshop's flagship store is in Sydney's CBD on the corner of George and Market Street . Black is back: London black cabs will escort fashion bloggers to the launch of the Westfield Miranda store . The roll out also leads the way for other leading international brands who are set to launch their first Sydney CBD stores including H&M  and Forever 21 who will open in Sydney's Pitt Street Mall later this year. Sydney's current flagship store, which opened in 2012, held a launch party that reportedly cost over $250,000 and was estimated to have over 30,000 people flock through the doors in the first day. If that's anything to go by, it's safe to say the grand opening of the new Westfield Miranda store will be a hit.^Iconic UK brand Topshop continues expansion across Sydney . This marks Sydney's second store, located at Westfield Miranda . Fashion elite will arrive in style in iconic London black cabs . Australian celebrities Cheyenne Tozzi and Nic Westaway to help launch it .
A Germanwings passenger has revealed how a pilot on a recent flight calmed fliers' nerves before takeoff by leaving the cockpit to give a speech so they could all look him in the eye. Hugh Roche Kelly, who was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning, posted the account on his Twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the 'tense vibe' by his actions. Data from the second black box recorder on Germanwings Flight 4U9525 today confirmed co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately flew the Airbus A320 into the side of a mountain into the French Alps, killing 150 people. Scroll down for video . A Germanwings Airbus A320 much like the one which crashed in the French Alps, killing 150 people. A passenger on one of the company's flights from Berlin to Paris has praised the pilot for calming nerves . Hugh Roche Kelly posted on his Twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot's pre-flight speech . Andreas Lubitz, the Germanwings co-pilot who deliberately brought down Flight 4U9525 last week . Nerves were calmed on Mr Kelly's flight as he took the time to say a few words in three different languages, saying he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company. Mr Kelly's post said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal. 'Once I was actually onboard, and looked at the crew door, it was all too easy to imagine how horrific the time before that crash would have been. 'I was thinking about what kind of a response a company should make to something like this. Do you ask everyone to carry on as normal, with utmost professionalism and a stiff upper lip? 'Then, our pilot came out and made almost his normal pre flight speech, except he did so standing in the front row. 'He spoke about how it was a difficult and strange time for him and for all the cabin crew, how they still all love doing their job, and how they're thankful that they still have passengers coming onto their planes. 'Mostly though, he said he just wanted to come out and stand in front of everyone and let all the passengers on his flight have a moment of eye contact with him, and for us to meet him and for him to meet us.' Mr Kelly's post said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal' Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history, as both black box flight recorders have no confirmed . French gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the German Airbus A320 as part of the search operation in Seyne-les-Alpes . The first black box voice recorder from the Germanwings flight that was recovered last week revealed Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane. The second has now confirmed he intended to crash it . Relatives of the victims of the Germanwings Flight 4U9525 crash on Tuesday put down flowers at the memorial in Le Vernet, south-eastern France . Mr Kelly added that the pilot's efforts had made him feel 'enormous respect for him', adding 'anyone listening could tell it was a difficult thing to do - to stand in front of 150 more-nervous-than-they-really-needed-to-be people and say "everything's going to be fine, because I am going to look after it". 'So, well done that man.' The aviator's impressive efforts came just days after it emerged how fellow Germanwings pilot Frank Woiton hugged each individual passenger as they boarded a plane preparing to retrace the route taken by ill-fated Flight 4U9525 just two days after it crashed. Woiton, 48, told German newspaper Bild how he received a huge round of applause after he delivered an emotional speech before takeoff on the flight between Barcelona and Dusselforf. Wreckage: Rescue workers and investigators pictured at the crash site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 in the Alps . French emergency rescue services work at the crash site of the Germanwings plane where 150 people died . French emergency rescue services are pictured here sifting through the wreckage of the crashed plane . The pilot, who once flew with killer airman Lubitz, told passengers: 'You can rely on the fact that I want to sit this evening with my family at the dinner table.' French air accident investigators said today the 27-year-old used the automatic pilot to put the plane into a descent and repeatedly adjusted the controls to speed up the aircraft. The revelation adds further weight to evidence from the cockpit voice recorder that Lubitz acted deliberately when he crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps at 430mph. A judicial source working alongside Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said the information confirmed their worst fears. The second black box, which was found charred and crumpled at the crash site yesterday, measures data such as speed, altitude and pilot action and was an 'indispensable element' in the investigation, said the source. The BEA air accident agency said in a statement that investigators have so far only obtained initial readings from the device and were continuing to extract data. Rescue workers examine wreckage at the site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 crash in the French Alps .^Hugh Roche Kelly told how pilot dispelled 'tense vibe' with his actions . Left cockpit so passengers could see him and spoke in three languages . Comes week after co-pilot Andreas Lubitz brought down Flight 4U9525 . Second black box has confirmed that he did deliberately kill 150 people .
While the world's most elite surfers have taken to their boards to win the illustrious Margaret River Pro, the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs. Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break, emerging bruised and beaten. The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' - a right hand barrel at Margaret River's main break on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . The most impressive wipe-out went to Australian surfer Josh Kerr when he plunged head first into the reef . Kerr was surfing the notorious 'Box' at Margaret River which is renowned for shallow surf break . Another spectacular wipe-out went to Owen Wright just after he dropped in on a huge wave . Wright scored a perfect ten wave score on day two of the Margaret River Pro on the first time he surfed the Box . The wipe-out came within five minutes of Wright receiving the ultimate score . Safety officials looked on in anticipation as the world champion surfer plunged into the break . The Box is renowned in Western Australia  for its challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef, but also for its world-class waves. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes. But the wipe-outs weren't the only distractions to the World Championship Tour. The Box is renowned for a challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef, but also for world-class waves . Josh Kerr finished 2nd in the 2014 Drug Aware Margaret River Pro and is currently 6th in this years comp . Adam Melling showed a burst of confidence before he too lost his balance and fell off his board . The nasty wipe-out occurred as Melling was on the way to his loss against Hawaiian John John Florence . Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies in an enormous upset. Davies then went onto beat three-time world champion, Mick Fanning . It was also revealed that the competitors had an unwanted guest during their heat. 'We had a shark cruise through the lineup which was a little sketchy, but it was only a baby one eating some fish,' Davies said. The top 36 ranked male and top 18 ranked female surfers in the world compete in the Margaret River Pro . The event runs from April 15 until April 26 and has thousands of spectators in Surfer's Point, Prevelly . The notorious break The Box took its toll in the first seven of the 12 round-one heats . Hawaiian surfer John John Florence started the Margaret River Pro in laid-back style scoring 13.00 in first heat . The 22-year-old also suffered a massive wipe-out when he got caught in a barrel . However, he managed to still advance into round 4 of the competition after winning his round 3 heat . The surf break of 'The Box' is a mere centimetres from the reef, posing a huge danger to even seasoned surfers . It was revealed that competitors had an unwanted guest during their heat with a small shark cruising through .^World's best surfers have taken to their boards for the Margarent River Pro . The dangerous surf break, 'The Box,' has initiated spectacular wipeouts . Australian Josh Kerr faceplanted into the reef when he lent too far forward . Adam Melling and Owen Wright also succumbed to the huge surf break .
A finishing school for transgender women has opened up - offering participants guidance in how to move, dress and even speak like a lady. Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin. Scroll down for video . Ellen Weirich (centre) created 'Le Femme' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine. Pictured: (L-R) Allison Hannigan, Ally Maguire, Ellen, Antoinette Dickinson and Denise Smith . The finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman, here Ellen gives advice on improving posture . The curriculum, led by 'Lady Ellen' includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady, how to dress according to body shape and how to create a convincing cleavage. Other services include a complete male-to-female makeover - and the ladies often go out and about as a group to put their new look and skills to the test. Mother-of-three Ellen, who charges from $44 (£30) to $400 (£270) per session, has been helping the transgender community for decades. She helped her first transgender woman in high school after a male friend confided that he was having gender identity issues. The finishing school is held in Ellen's home which houses a vast collection of wigs, make-up and clothes which her clients have access to. Pictured: Antoinette, who identifies as dual gender, before and after transforming . Allison Hannigan (pictured) has a wife who is extremely supportive of her and has been visiting Ellen for a year . Ellen first began helping transgender women in high school when a friend confided in her with gender identity issues. Here she helps Antoinette to apply makeup . Ellen went on to get married and have three children, then in 2005 she received another cry for help from a transgender family friend. Ellen says that she took it upon herself to help transitioning females become more feminine after realising that very few others were willing to. 'I noticed there was very little help available for transgender women who wanted to be more feminine. 'I had a good knowledge of transgender issues and felt like I could make a difference.' Ellen says that it is an honour to have helped so many through such a momentous part of their lives. 'To help women who have suffered in silence for so long feels amazing and I'm blessed to be part of their journey. Ellen off takes her clients on outings in order for them to practice their new-found skills . Ellen's collection of heels goes up to a size 15 in order to accommodate her larger footed client . 'I've dedicated my life to helping transgender people and I can't imagine anything quite as rewarding.' The school - which is run from Ellen's home - houses a huge wardrobe made up of a variety of outfits. To accommodate some of her larger clients, the dresses go up to a size 28 and a stack of heels range in sizes nine to 15. In the make-up studio, ladies-in-training are taught how to apply, including tips on how to disguise stubble. Ellen says that it is an honour to be a part of such a momentous aspect of someone's life . Here Allison practices her walk which Ellen says is the most difficult part of her sessions . A photography studio helps captures the results of the transformation and gives clients a souvenir of their journey. Ellen says that for the majority of her clients walking in heels proves the most challenging part of their lessons. 'One of the biggest challenges for transgender and cross-dressing women is learning to walk in a feminine way - so many classes focus on graceful footwork. 'It's difficult because they learn to walk a certain way for the whole of their lives and suddenly they're trying to change it - its takes a lot of practice and determination.' One lady who has benefited from Ellen's tutelage is 48-year-old Allison Hannigan, who has been visiting the finishing school for over a year. The eye application is said to be one of the more challenging areas for the women to conquer . The grateful client lives her day-to-day life as a man with a wife and two children - but visits to Ellen as Allison to learn techniques for putting on makeup and moving like a woman. Allison says that visiting Ellen has really helped her to perfect her feminine traits such as applying makeup. 'I have been married for 21 years and have been with my wife for 25. She has known about Allison ever since we were dating and she is very supportive. She is everything to me, so are my children. 'The idea of attending Lady Ellen's charm school was very exciting to me. She has done a lot to help me develop over the year I have been associated with her. 'I'm having the eye make up application lessons and the female feminine movement lessons, which are great because eye makeup is the most difficult area for me to conquer - I think it is for most girls. 'I am a rather tall, large person so the feminine movements would be very helpful for me to try to perfect my look.' Another of Ellen's regular customers for the finishing-school makeover is cross-dresser Antoinette Dickinson who has been visiting Ellen for four-and-a-half years. Ellen's extensive wardrobe of clothes goes up to a size 28 to cater for all shapes and sizes . Ellen helps Antoinette choose her clothes, create realistic fake breasts using 'breast forms' and put on feminine makeup. Antoinette, who identifies herself as dual gender, says that dressing as a woman gives him a sense of freedom. 'The first time I dressed in women's clothing I think was way back when I was a teenager I just loved the idea of hosiery on women and I thought to myself "hey what would I look like in that"? 'One day I said I just want to get a fully fledged makeover and see what I look like as a woman and that's basically how it happened. 'When I am in women's clothes it feels great, its just such a release. It's like I'm escaping reality and just like you can turn into a whole different person . 'I would identify myself as dual gender. I am happy being both boy and a girl as opposed to different terms like transgender. 'When it comes to my friends and family I am what you call closeted so nobody really knows except for me and the girls that I associate with.'^Ellen Weirich opened her US school after successfully helping a friend . Le Femme now helps both transgender and cross-dressers alike . Women are taught airs and graces required to be more female . Also taught how to cover up stubble and create a convincing cleavage .
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California and delivered on her promise of multiple outfits. The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings. Scroll down for video . Hosting debut: Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California . The host of NBC's The Today Show in a pre-taped skit with talk show host Ellen DeGeneres agreed to end their pranking feud. The two were on opposite coasts and in the dual screen bit Ellen promised not to edit the video. Matt however was then shown with his head superimposed over the body of a chiseled man wearing only tasseled pasties, black briefs and lace-topped stockings. Multiple looks: The America's Next Top Model host promised the audience several outfit changes . She's a natural: Tyra moved the show along as it returned to television after streaming online last year . As Ellen grinned away at the racy image Matt pledged to donate $1,000 to charity each time a winner thanked him in their acceptance speech. Early award winner Nancy O'Dell thanked Matt three times after Entertainment Tonight took home the gong for Outstanding Entertainment News Program. Most of the winners also thanked 57-year-old Matt as they accepted their awards. Starting the show: Matt Lauer and Ellen DeGeneres started the show in a pre-taped bit in which they announced the end of their pranking feud . Still pranking: After Ellen claimed there would be no editing a superimposed body of a man wearing pasties and stockings was substituted for Matt's frame . For charity: Matt pledged to donate $1,000 to each winner who thanked him during their acceptance speech . Matt thanked: Nancy O'Dell thanked Matt Lauer three times after Entertainment Tonight won for Outstanding Entertainment News Program . CBS Sunday Morning host Charles Osgood, whose show was honoured as best morning program, offered a heartfelt shoutout to Matt. 'Thank you for doing what you did because, God knows, I don't want to do that,' said the 82-year-old longtime host. Betty White, 93, was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award for her television career that dates back to 1949. Hollywood legend: Betty White was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award . She received her award at the conclusion of a skit based on the game show Password that was hosted by her late husband Allen Ludden. 'Oh, my goodness, I cannot tell you what this means,' Betty told the audience. 'Hello, beautiful,' she said to her trophy. 'When I started in 1949 I had no idea that I'd still be around at this point, for one thing, or that I'd still be privileged enough to still be in this business. And it is such a privilege.' Television stars: Charo participated in a bit that revealed Betty was the Lifetime Achievement Award honoree . The comedienne also showed her quick wit during her acceptance speech. 'So much thanks to you and your mothers and fathers and grandmothers and grandfathers,' she said as the audience giggled along. 'And a couple of great-grandfathers when I was younger,' she added. Still hilarious: Betty showed her quick wit during her acceptance speech . The awards show also included a few new categories voted on by fans. Outfit change: Tyra as promised changed into multiple outfits including a tan pantsuit . The Best Bitch Slap award that was decided by fans went to the smackdown that Quinn Fuller delivered to Brooke Logan Forrester on The Bold And The Beautiful. The Daytime Emmys, which once had a secure home on the broadcast networks, settled for streaming online last year after a two-year turn on the cable news channel HLN. Tyra opened the show wearing a black pantsuit with a plunging neckline and sheer black cape over her shoulders. Mini reunion: Tyra had her America's Next Top Model  runway consultant J. Alexander show the winners how to strut . She followed that up with a black leotard outfit with a sheer skirt, a tan pantsuit and inspired red dress. She admitted to being an admirer of daytime television before she appeared on daytime television herself. The two-time Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover model won two Daytime Emmy Awards for her talk show The Tyra Banks Show. Cute couple: John Legend and Chrissy Teigen were among the celebrities in attendance . Tyra said she was a 'huge fan' of talk show host Sally Jessy Raphael and revealed her last dress would be as red as Sally's trademark glasses. She also brought Chrissy Teigen onstage along with other hosts of her new upcoming ABC daytime show The FAB. Despite the dwindling daytime audience and programming shifts, winners at the awards ceremony burst with enthusiasm. Sally red: Tyra got on the ground to make a point during the broadcast . Getting fierce: The two-time Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover model certainly has range . Fourth outfit: Tyra saved her red dress for last . A beaming Craig Ferguson, replaced by James Corden as host of CBS' The Late Late Show, accepted the trophy for best game show host for Celebrity Name Game. 'I never win anything. This is fantastic,' Ferguson, 52, said, adding, 'Thank you, Hollywood, for a job.' Freddie Smith was honored as best younger actor in a drama for his role as Sonny in Days of Our Lives. His character and that of Will (played by Guy Wilson) were part of daytime TV's first gay wedding with two men. Major award: Craig Ferguson was thrilled to accept the award for Outstanding Game Show Host . Soap veteran: Deidre Hall who has played Dr. Marlena Evans on Days Of Our Lives for 32 years stunned in a blue gown . Freddie paid tribute to 'the LGBT community for showing strength and courage. You're an inspiration to all of us.' The ceremony featured the reunion of Anthony Geary and Genie Francis, the former General Hospital couple of Luke and Laura, who presented the trophy for best drama series, a tie, to Days of Our Lives and The Young and the Restless. Anthony was a winner as well, accepting his eighth Emmy for his General Hospital role, while fellow series star Maura West was named best lead drama actress. Paying tribute: Freddie Smith paid tribute to the LGBT community while accepting his award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series . Soap star: Maura West received her award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series from model Shemer Moore . Other winners included Amelia Heinle, best supporting actress in a drama series for The Young and the Beautiful, and Chad Duell, best supporting actor for General Hospital. Un Nuevo Dia received the award for best Spanish-language morning program at the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences awards. An in memoriam tribute was introduced by Melissa Rivers, who said the career of her late mother Joan Rivers was reinvigorated by a daytime talk show after her late-night show was canceled. She's a winner: Amelia Heinle accepted the award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series . Touching tribute: Melissa Rivers introduced an in memoriam tribute and talked about her late mother Joan Rivers whose career was reinvigorated after winning a Daytime Emmy . Celebrity presenter: Mario Lopez presented the award for Outstanding Morning Program in Spanish . The Joan Rivers Show won a Daytime Emmy in 1990, the only Emmy her mother ever got, Melissa Rivers noted. Among the winners Sunday were Jeopardy!, best game show; Steve Harvey, host of an informative talk show; The Ellen DeGeneres Show, entertainment talk show; Entertainment Tonight, entertainment news program; Hunter King, younger actress in a drama series, The Young and the Restless; and Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan, entertainment talk show hosts, for Live! with Kelly and Michael. Rising star: Hunter King accepted the trophy for winning Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series . Good times: Sheryl Underwood, Sara Gilbert, Sharon Osbourne, Aisha Tyler and Julie Chen of The Talk took to the stage . The end: Steve Harvey played a short game of Family Feud with Tyra to end the show . OUTSTANDING DRAMA SERIES . The Bold And The Beautiful . Days Of Our Lives WINNER (tie) General Hospital . The Young And The Restless WINNER (tie) OUTSTANDING NEW APPROACHES DRAMA SERIES . The Bay The Series WINNER . Beacon Hill The Series . East Los High . OUTSTANDING CULINARY PROGRAM . Barefoot Contessa: Back to Basics WINNER . Guy’s Big Bite . Martha Bakes . The Mind of a Chef . My Grandmother’s Ravioli . OUTSTANDING MORNING PROGRAM . CBS Sunday Morning WINNER . Good Morning America . Today Show . OUTSTANDING MORNING PROGRAM IN SPANISH . Un Nuevo Día WINNER . Cafe CNN . Despierta America . OUTSTANDING TALK SHOW/ INFORMATIVE . The Chew WINNER . The Dr. Oz Show . The Kitchen . Steve Harvey . OUTSTANDING ENTERTAINMENT TALK SHOW HOST . Kelly Ripa, Michael Strahan, Live! with Kelly and Michael WINNER . Julie Chen, Sara Gilbert, Sharon Osbourne, Aisha Tyler, Sheryl Underwood, The Talk . Wendy Williams, The Wendy Williams Show . OUTSTANDING ENTERTAINMENT NEWS   PROGRAM . Entertainment Tonight WINNER . Access Hollywood . E! News . Extra . The Insider . OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES . Maura West, General Hospital WINNER . Peggy McCay, Days of Our Lives . Alison Sweeney, Days of Our Lives . Gina Tognoni, The Young And The Restless . Laura Wright, General Hospital . OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES . Anthony Geary, General Hospital WINNER . Christian LeBlanc, The Young and the Restless . Billy Miller, The Young and the Restless . Jason Thompson, General Hospital . OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES . Amelia Heinle, The Young and the Restless WINNER . Linsey Godfrey, The Bold and the Beautiful . Elizabeth Hendrickson, The Young and the Restless . Finola Hughes, General Hospital . Lisa Locicero, General Hospital . OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES . Chad Duell, General Hospital WINNER . Scott Clifton, The Bold and the Beautiful . Kristoff St. John, The Young and the Restless . Jacob Young, The Bold and the Beautiful . OUTSTANDING YOUNGER ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES . Hunter King, The Young and the Restless WINNER . Kristen Alderson, General Hospital . Camila Banus, Days of Our Lives . Haley Pullos, General Hospital . OUTSTANDING YOUNGER ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES . Freddie Smith, Days of Our Lives WINNER . Bryan Craig, General Hospital . Max Ehrich, The Young and the Restless . Tequan Richmond, General Hospital . OUTSTANDING GAME SHOW HOST . Craig Ferguson, Celebrity Name Game WINNER . Steve Harvey, Family Feud . Todd Newton, Family Game Night . Pat Sajak, Wheel of Fortune . OUTSTANDING TALK SHOW/ ENTERTAINMENT . The Ellen DeGeneres Show WINNER . Live! with Kelly and Michael . The Talk . The Wendy Williams Show . OUTSTANDING INFORMATIVE TALK SHOW HOST . Steve Harvey, Steve Harvey WINNER . Mario Batali, Carla Hall, Clinton Kelley, Daphne Oz, Michael Symon, The Chew . Dr. Mehmet Oz, The Dr. Oz Show . DIRECTING FOR A DRAMA SERIES . The Bold and the Beautiful WINNER . Days of Our Live . General Hospital . The Young and the Restless . WRITING FOR A DRAMA SERIES . The Bold and the Beautiful WINNER . Days of Our Lives . General Hospital . The Young and the Restless .^Matt Lauer donates $1,000 to charity for each thank you in racy bit with Ellen DeGeneres . Betty White honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award . Craig Ferguson wins for Outstanding Game Show Host . Entertainment Tonight wins Outstanding Entertainment News Program .
