the chairman of league two club portsmouth has called for the club 's owners to be offered a chance to support the club .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a hit - and - run crash in mumbai .
tens of thousands of mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to use their mobile phones on their mobile phones .
it was one of the greatest sporting stories in world football .
england women will face england in the women 's six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
a man in the indian city of mumbai has been attacked after he was attacked by a man in mumbai .
us toy giant lego has been accused by chinese artist lego of using a ` ` controversial '' artist , lego , in a move to the chinese city .
a house in northamptonshire has been badly damaged in a fire .
it 's been a turbulent year for former us president barack obama , who has died at the age of 74 .
a dutch plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
one of scotland 's most prestigious arts organisations , alasdair , has been removed from the arts board .
a painting by the artist lucian freud has sold at auction for # sotheby -lrb- $ selling -rrb- .
relatives of two british men who died in the murder of a british couple have won a high court battle against the uk 's supreme court .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to expand the isle of wight and the isle of wight .
the family of a six - year - old girl who died after being hit by a car in swansea have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
plans to close a swimming pool in derby have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been fined $ firms -lrb- Â # blanket -rrb- by the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
the united nations and the united nations have agreed to resume peace talks with the united nations .
former england and qpr striker glen campbell has died at the age of 88 .
the number of adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in glasgow .
thousands of children in care homes in england are to be given christmas christmas gifts .
it 's been a busy year for apple 's new iphone .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the white house 's handling of the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown .
a group of mps has called for a change in the rules on tackling extremism in england and wales .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a flat in east belfast .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with her mother .
work has started on a new # 2.2 m library in denbighshire .
leigh griffiths says the celtic squad will be the best player in the premier league this season after winning the scottish cup .
tunisian prime minister manuel valls has been killed in a gun attack in the capital , tunis , officials say .
at least two people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
a county down school has closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of devon .
leicester tigers head coach daryl murphy says his side are capable of beating leicester tigers at the end of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the indian restaurant is the best restaurant in the world .
the government has been accused of failing to pay a # charge fine to pay for the cost of so - called legal highs in england and wales .
manchester city have signed midfielder paul walker from tottenham on a five - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a new gene therapy .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
former rangers striker fabrizio elliot says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
a grade ii - listed building in reading has been given the go - ahead by the university of reading .
a police force has issued a warning about a police force to stop sending a police officer to a police officer .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a beach on the beach in east sussex .
the uk government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the uk .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- qub -rrb- has announced that it will not be held at the university of belfast .
cecil cecil , the lion who killed british lion cecil cecil in zimbabwe , has been described as a ` ` petty '' .
campaigners from the european commission have signed a petition calling for an end to the controversial legal action by the european commission .
england made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a stand victory over worcestershire at new road .
a cat has died in a suspected chemical overdose , the rspca has confirmed .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people in connection with a series of drug trafficking offences .
the first minister has accused the uk government of being ` ` tin '' over the uk 's departure from the eu .
two players from swansea have been left out of their squad for the first time since the end of the season .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league defeat by chelsea was the result of his side 's 2 - 0 defeat at stamford bridge .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a racist incident at celtic park .
a police force has apologised after a woman was stabbed to death at a beach in cornwall .
a new production of the author of the author of the author philip pullman is to be set up in the west midlands .
a three - year - old boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in newcastle .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a man at a primary school in glasgow has been found guilty of murder .
the body of a man whose body was found on a beach in the us state of oregon is thought to be the first person to be found in the uk .
wales wing george north has been ruled out of the tour de france with a knee injury .
the prime minister has called for the uk to leave the eu , saying it is ` ` shameful '' for the uk to leave the eu .
a us judge has ordered us president donald trump to be barred from entering the us state of san francisco .
jonathan trott hit his first county championship century of the season as they beat warwickshire by five wickets in the one - day cup at edgbaston .
a man has been jailed for three years for assaulting a mosque at a mosque in dundee .
us company hyundai has announced that it is cutting up to $ 100 m -lrb- Â # consumers m -rrb- for the first time in more than two years .
montrose have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .
at least eight people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion at a factory in central porto , officials say .
a huge fire has broken out in the chilean town of chile , which has been devastated by wildfires .
the deputy speaker of the ulster unionist party -lrb- gordon -rrb- , craig gordon , has been appointed as the new speaker of the northern ireland assembly .
the world 's tallest pyramid system has been discovered in the grounds of the capital , cairo , officials say .
the remains of the remains of the remains of one of the disappeared victims have been found , the bbc has learned .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the egyptian capital , the bbc 's 75-year - old segment looks back at the scene .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended from the council for gross misconduct after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to reintroduce a peak -lrb- idea km -rrb- on mount everest .
the fifa football federation -lrb- move -rrb- has announced that it will suspend the football association 's world cup qualifier against mexico on saturday .
anthony gray scored a hat - trick as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united at bramall lane .
british and irish lions captain sam warburton says his side are ` ` desperate '' to beat new zealand in the first test against new zealand .
gloucester cathedral has announced it is to celebrate its first anniversary of the cathedral .
as italy and italy prepare for the euro 2016 finals , bbc sport 's football expert mark ray is pitting his wits against the republic of ireland .
wales ' top goalscorer ian ian has been named welsh football association 's player of the year for the first time .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency has called for the bitcoin virtual currency to be removed .
former yeovil town captain tim howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
a restaurant restaurant in somalia 's capital , mogadishu , is one of the most famous people in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced two men to death for the murder of a woman in the amazon state of manaus .
england opener ben stokes has been named in the england squad for the first one - day international against sri lanka .
the number of police officers in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in a year , the police federation has said .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west sussex .
a man who was found dead at a house in st albans has been named by police .
the metropolitan police commissioner is to investigate allegations of historical child abuse allegations , the bbc has learned .
north korea 's supreme court has confirmed that north korea 's defence minister , kim jong - un , has been arrested , state media say .
barnet extended their lead at the top of league two to five points with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
northern ireland 's police and crime department -lrb- review -rrb- has announced plans for a new training training facility in northern ireland .
partick thistle manager dave osman says he does not want a new contract with partick thistle .
in the aftermath of the eu referendum , the bbc 's andrew marr looks at how the uk is to leave the european union .
a canadian woman has been arrested on suspicion of defaming president recep tayyip erdogan , her lawyer says .
ivory coast 's first game in charge of ivory coast ended in defeat as they were held to a goalless draw by ivory coast .
apple has reported a record quarterly profit of $ -rrb- bn -lrb- Â # bn bn -rrb- in the first quarter of the year .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's immigration system will not be allowed to work in the uk .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a recycling site in greater manchester .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a law that will allow women to die in the country .
the death of british football legend cameroon cameroon , who died at the age of 41 at the age of 41 , is one of the world 's most famous footballers .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
uefa president michel platini has called for a reform of the world football governing body fifa .
the brother of a convicted murderer who was convicted of corruption has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision not to appeal against his conviction .
us president barack obama has urged the united nations to end the ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will not host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the country 's paralympic committee has announced .
world number one ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the semi - finals of the world championship .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a new film about the disney film will be screened in malaysia .
lewis hamilton set the pace in final practice at the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
the authorities in mexico 's capital , buenos aires , have begun a week - long strike in the capital , caracas .
former world heavyweight champion tyson tyson says he wants to fight wladimir klitschko at the rio olympics .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to sex offences .
activity in the uk 's dominant services sector fell to a new low last month , according to a survey .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
thousands of people in the uk have been urged to vote in a referendum on whether to vote in the eu referendum .
a theatre theatre is to reopen its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
nigeria 's largest city , lagos , has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years , officials say .
wrexham have signed wrexham striker shaun harvey on loan until the end of the season .
