the chairman of league two club portsmouth has called for the club 's owners to be offered a chance to support the club .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a hit - and - run crash in mumbai .
a house in northamptonshire has been badly damaged in a fire .
a dutch plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
a painting by the artist lucian freud has sold at auction for # sotheby -lrb- $ selling -rrb- .
relatives of two british men who died in the murder of a british couple have won a high court battle against the uk 's supreme court .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to expand the isle of wight and the isle of wight .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been fined $ firms -lrb- Â # blanket -rrb- by the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
former england and qpr striker glen campbell has died at the age of 88 .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in glasgow .
thousands of children in care homes in england are to be given christmas christmas gifts .
it 's been a busy year for apple 's new iphone .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a flat in east belfast .
work has started on a new # 2.2 m library in denbighshire .
at least two people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
leicester tigers head coach daryl murphy says his side are capable of beating leicester tigers at the end of the season .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
former rangers striker fabrizio elliot says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
a grade ii - listed building in reading has been given the go - ahead by the university of reading .
a police force has issued a warning about a police force to stop sending a police officer to a police officer .
cecil cecil , the lion who killed british lion cecil cecil in zimbabwe , has been described as a ` ` petty '' .
campaigners from the european commission have signed a petition calling for an end to the controversial legal action by the european commission .
england made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a stand victory over worcestershire at new road .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league defeat by chelsea was the result of his side 's 2 - 0 defeat at stamford bridge .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a racist incident at celtic park .
a new production of the author of the author of the author philip pullman is to be set up in the west midlands .
at least eight people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion at a factory in central porto , officials say .
gloucester cathedral has announced it is to celebrate its first anniversary of the cathedral .
wales ' top goalscorer ian ian has been named welsh football association 's player of the year for the first time .
former yeovil town captain tim howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west sussex .
a man who was found dead at a house in st albans has been named by police .
ivory coast 's first game in charge of ivory coast ended in defeat as they were held to a goalless draw by ivory coast .
apple has reported a record quarterly profit of $ -rrb- bn -lrb- Â # bn bn -rrb- in the first quarter of the year .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a recycling site in greater manchester .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a law that will allow women to die in the country .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will not host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
world number one ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the semi - finals of the world championship .
the authorities in mexico 's capital , buenos aires , have begun a week - long strike in the capital , caracas .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to sex offences .
nigeria 's largest city , lagos , has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years , officials say .
wrexham have signed wrexham striker shaun harvey on loan until the end of the season .
