video footage has emerged of an indian man fighting a sword - wielding attacker to save the life of a shopkeeper .
adding another unanticipated sidebar to this topsy - turvy election , kenneth starr has lavished praise on bill clinton , citing his ` ` genuine empathy for human beings '' , calling him ` ` the most gifted politician of the baby boomer generation '' and commending his post - presidential philanthropy , which he noted was carteresque in its benevolence .
the actors ' union equity has hit out at the decision to remove two of mull 's best - known creative directors from their posts .
the family of an off - duty police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea say her death has left a hole that can never be filled .
a dog was rescued after falling ` ` up to 60 ft -lrb- 18 m -rrb- '' down a cliff in devon .
chinese authorities have arrested two canadians in the capital beijing for allegedly smoking marijuana .
they are more familiar with recycling the ball than rubbish but five rugby players took a break from the pitch to collect refuse in neath port talbot .
at the top of a long staircase in a room in a tower , far away from the throng of visitors and other scientists and laboratories is the natural history museum 's insectory .
nottinghamshire 's billy root , younger brother of england test captain joe , hit an unbeaten 107 at edgbaston to help them beat warwickshire and record a second successive one - day cup win .
a man who rampaged through a dundee mosque while on licence for seriously assaulting his sister has been returned to prison .
more international help has been arriving in chile to help the country fight the worst wildfire in its modern history .
from shipwrecks to terror attacks to an air disaster involving paris hilton , it seems that almost nothing is off - limits for the prank shows that have become a staple of north african tv during the islamic fasting month of ramadan .
abdullah mohammed hassan climbed down from his perch , and strolled purposefully into the sea to rescue yet another bather who appeared to be struggling against big waves and a rocky , barbed - wire - infested shoreline at lido beach , on the northern edge of the somali capital , mogadishu .
a brazilian court has convicted a rancher for ordering the murder of an american nun over a land dispute - a case that caused international outrage .
ben stokes has returned to the england twenty20 squad for the first time since being hit for four sixes in the final over of the world t20 , when west indies beat england .
a former high court judge is to review the metropolitan police 's handling of cases involving claims of historical child abuse by public figures .
north korea has released details of the alleged crimes of a us man it sentenced to 15 years of hard labour .
hartlepool dropped into the league two relegation places as they slumped to a flat home defeat by barnet .
us president barack obama has announced a pledge by 50 nations to take in 360,000 refugees from war - torn countries this year .
russian president vladimir putin says the country 's paralympics ban is ` ` outside the bounds of law , morality and humanity '' .
nico rosberg took his third straight win of 2016 as mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton fought back to seventh in a hectic chinese grand prix .
polling cards were wrongly sent to at least 3,462 eu citizens who are not allowed to vote in the eu referendum , the electoral commission has announced .
alexandra palace has started a # 1 m fundraising campaign to bring its victorian theatre back to life after lying unused for 80 years .
