The incident happened on Tuesday night, when the attacker charged at Rajnish Thakur in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood. Naseeruddin Mansuri, who was a customer in the shop, has been hailed a hero for rushing to defend Mr Thakur. But Mr Mansuri told BBC Hindi that he now fears for his life. He has asked journalists not to take photos of him. "I have a wife and children. If some criminal recognises me from photo and comes after me, who will protect me? Please don't create any trouble for me," he pleaded. Speaking about the incident, Mr Mansuri told the BBC: "For a moment, I couldn't understand what was happening. But then I managed to stop the attacker and also started shouting so more people gathered." Mr Mansuri said he did not feel any fear. "At that time I had to just save this man... How could I watch someone being beaten up?" After the video was shown on Indian television channels and posted online, Mr Mansuri was hailed as a hero on social media. But, he says he has received threats and is worried about his family and has not left home since after the incident. Police have arrested the attacker and named him as Akram Sheikh. Reports say Mr Thakur was attacked because he has been actively campaigning against extortion by the underworld.
Starr, a former independent counsel, was the author of what's probably the most expensive piece of pornography ever published, the Starr Report which chronicled, in graphic sexual detail, Bill Clinton's affair with a 21-year-old White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. The one-time character assassin has become a character witness. Bill Clinton, despite being impeached for lying under oath about that affair, left office with the highest approval rating - 66% - of any departing president. He was also credited with balancing the federal budget and reviving the American economy from its early-Nineties slump. Since then, as Starr noted, he has followed a redemptive path. So he should be a prime asset to his wife Hillary as she seeks to become the first ever first lady to move from the East Wing of the White House to the West. The irony of Starr's kind words is that they have come at a time when Hillary, among other woes, has a Bill problem. The man who could well become the "First Dude" - Hillary's words, not mine - is proving to be something of a liability. Part of it stems, of course, from what eventually became the focus of Kenneth Starr's inquiry, Bill Clinton's womanising. It blunts her attacks on Donald Trump's sexism and misogyny which, in a contest where more women will vote than men, should have been her ace card. The billionaire, in a jujutsu-like move, has already launched an attack ad featuring video of Kathleen Willey, who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault, and Juanita Broaddrick, who accused him of rape. "DIRTY BILLS," read the front page of the New York Post the following day, conflating Trump's attack ad with the allegations against Bill Cosby. Nor is Trump relying on guilt by association. He has already called Hillary an "enabler" of her husband's fidelity. "She would go after these women and destroy their lives," he has claimed. Like many of Trump's attacks, that may strike many voters as shrill and overstated, it also contains a kernel of truth. The White House did attempt to trash Monica Lewinsky when the scandal first erupted in 1998, and Hillary Clinton, during her husband's long phase of public denial, described it as being the product of a "vast right-wing conspiracy", absolving him of blame. Hillary as loyal "stand-by-your-man" wife does not marry that well with Hillary as feminist trailblazer, the image she is trying to project. My sense, having watched the Clintons fairly closely for over 20 years, is that they have a loving marriage and deep friendship. An animated conversation that started at Yale Law School in the early Seventies continues for both of them to fascinate and enthral. But many critics of the Clintons believe it's a transactional partnership, a marriage of political convenience. To some, her loyalty during the most troubled phase of the Clinton presidency reinforces the sense that she's a cynical political operator, willing to do anything to accrue power. The Bernie problem, her difficulty in seeing off her Democratic rival, is also partly a Bill problem. The unexpected success of the Vermont Senator is explained not only by an aversion to Hillary but also a rejection of Bill. Sanders supporters are railing against his political and policy legacy. Bill Clinton's pursuit of a "Third Way" politics was designed to make the Democrats more electable and to end the party's losing streak in presidential politics. Up until his victory in 1992, they had only won one of the previous six elections. But this shift to the middle ground, and the centrist policies that accompanied it, alienated many on the Democrat left. Withholding support from Hillary Clinton and bestowing it instead upon Bernie Sanders is a form of revenge. Whether its financial deregulation, the welfare bill that Clinton passed with the Republican-controlled Congress, criminal justice reforms which have contributed to higher levels of black incarceration, the North American Free Trade Agreement, or Nafta for short, there's been an angry backlash against what Clinton once trumpeted as some of his greatest domestic accomplishments. This has made her vulnerable to a challenge from the left, as Sanders has shown. But it also makes her vulnerable to a challenge from the right, because of Nafta. Blue-collar voters, who might ordinarily be expected to vote Democrat, stand to applaud when Donald Trump promises to renegotiate trade deals which have exported American jobs abroad. Hillary Clinton hinted recently that Bill would become her jobs tsar and focus his energies on reviving American manufacturing. She clearly hopes that he can appeal again to blue-collar whites, who warmed to him as a candidate and president. But that bond has been severely eroded, if not severed completely, because he was the president who negotiated Nafta. Public perceptions about Bill Clinton have also changed, in a way which exposes the rupture between the Democratic establishment and the Democratic grassroots. When he first appeared on the national scene, he could plausibly cast himself as the boy from Hope, his small-town Arkansas birthplace. Now, after all the millions he has earned on the international speaking circuit, he comes across not just as a limousine liberal but a Lear Jet liberal. Standing at the head of a metropolitan progressive elite, he does not have the same common touch of old. The Clintons, after all these years as the dominant power couple in the Democratic establishment, also project an imperious sense of entitlement. It explains why Hillary Clinton's email scandal cuts so deep. It reinforces the widespread view that the couple believe they are not bound by normal rules. Are Trump and Sanders right about trade? Why is the US turning to protectionism? Trump, Clinton and the 'None of the Above' era . Hillary Clinton's problem with women . Those of us who have watched him on the campaign trail have also been surprised at the 69-year-old's comparative lack of energy. The magnetism and charisma for which he is famed simply is not there. At a rally in New Hampshire, I happened to be stood next to Clinton's biographer David Maraniss, whose real-time Twitter feed made for fascinating reading. "When BC was introduced and stood on stage w/Chelsea, he showed nothing on his face, mouth agape, eyes seemingly blank... just frail, like he had to conserve every ounce of energy. No gleam in his eyes, no electricity, mutedâ€¦. He lit up only when Chelsea talked about him. Then when it was his turn to talk a little bit of his old self came back, but not much." Once the most powerful energy force in any room, Bill Clinton is now only an ambient presence. The former president is not without his fans. There are thousands who still cheer this self-proclaimed architect of the bridge to the 21st Century. What's also been striking is how African-American voters have returned to the Clinton fold, after backing Barack Obama in 2008, despite protesters from the Black Lives Matters campaign targeting him on the stump. However, the former first couple's hopes that wistful memories of the Clinton administration would lead to a Clinton restoration have surely dwindled. Nostalgia is something that can give a departing president a warm glow, as Barack Obama is presently discovering, but hard for a presidential aspirant to harness, especially when so much of the country is angrily demanding change.
Alasdair McCrone, of Mull Theatre, and Gordon McLean, of the arts centre An Tobar, were among three directors of the umbrella body Comar. It looks after a number of arts organisations on the island. Comar's board said funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. It said the three existing directorial posts - in theatre/dance, visual arts/film and music/literature - would be replaced by one artistic director who would lead the entire creative programme . Comar, which was created two years ago, said it hoped to continue to work with both Mr McCrone and McLean. Equity blames poor business planning and is calling on the board to resign. A public meeting about the decision is to be held in Tobermory next week. High-profile Scottish actor Alan Cumming tweeted: "This makes me so sad. Another example of the accountants take over at the expense of the art. And in Mull too." Former Scottish culture secretary and SNP MSP for Argyll and Bute, Michael Russell, tweeted: "Making Alasdair & Gordon redundant is an extraordinary wrong-headed decision and must be opposed."
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. Her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on The Kingsway on 31 March. Her family described her as "an outgoing, hard working and loving person." A coroner has called on Swansea council to address safety concerns on the road. In a tribute they wrote: "Our family is absolutely devastated at the tragic accident, which took Louise from us all last week. "We've lost a beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten. "Louise was an outgoing, hard working and loving person. An incredible hole has been left in our family which can never be filled." The family thanked staff at Swansea's Morriston hospital who treated the mother-of-three and her daughter. They also paid tribute to police, members of the public and staff from the Principality building society who looked after Olivia after the incident. After the crash, Swansea council said it would install temporary barriers along the central reservation of the road. It has already dropped the speed limit to 20mph following concerns from residents that the road was unsafe. In a letter to the council, Swansea's acting senior coroner Colin Phillips said the road had a "serious design issue", which "must be addressed". Mr Phillips issued the report as part of his investigation into the death of Daniel Foss, 37, who died after being hit by a bus on The Kingsway in September 2013.
Rolo, a chocolate Labrador, was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in, near Brixham. She was hauled up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited, uninjured, with her "very happy owners," the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) said. The agency has urged owners to keeps their dogs on leads when they are walking near cliffs. More on Rolo, the rescued Labrador, and other Devon news .
According to Radio-Canada, officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show Cavalia were staying on 14 July. The public broadcaster said officials made a number of arrests and two Canadians remain in prison. A spokesperson for Cavalia said they were trying to arrange for two employees to return to Canada. "This is a private matter. All I can tell you is that recently, Chinese representatives have contacted us to ask if we were willing to buy airplane tickets to quickly repatriate them in Canada, and of course we are," spokesperson Eric Paquette told the BBC. "At this point, our hope is that the repatriation process unfolds rapidly." Global Affairs Canada said it is providing consular services to two citizens who were detained in Beijing. "Consular services are being provided to two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China, as well as to their families," said a spokesperson for the department. "Consular officials are in contact with local authorities to gather additional information. "Due to privacy considerations, we are unable to provide further information on this matter." Cavalia was created in 2003 by one of the co-founders of Cirque de Soleil, and has been described as "equestrian ballet". It has been performing in Beijing since April and even planned to build a permanent theatre in Hangzhou. China's drug laws are very strict, and trafficking large amounts of drugs can lead to a death sentence. Even minor drug crimes can lead to an arrest or deportation. In 2014, China banned several celebrities caught using drugs from performing on state media.
Ospreys players Olly Cracknell, De Kock Steenkamp, Dan Baker, Dafydd Howells and Sam Parry joined collectors in Baglan Moors on Tuesday. The players said it was to show their commitment to the "Ospreylian community". Last week they took part in collections in Swansea and Bridgend. Cracknell said: "It was an early start but a great work-out for us this morning. "A huge thanks to the recycling teams for showing us the ropes, they do a great job every day and we've enjoyed getting involved and giving a hand."
And it's tucked away for a very good reason. Inside, your senses are greeted by the smell of rotting dog food, the buzz of blowflies and the purple UV light of the fly killer ready to zap escapees. This is where the museum's forensic entomologists breed different species of fly in a bid to help the police solve crimes. Museum scientist Amoret Whitaker is one of just three forensic entomologists in the UK who regularly works with the police to determine the time of death of a corpse. "As soon as a person dies, their body starts to decompose and they give off specific odours. These different chemical signals are very very attractive to insects. And in the inital stages it's especially blowflies." "So when someone dies, fairly soon, it could be within minutes blowflies are attracted to the body and they will start laying eggs immediately. These will hatch into larvae or maggots and the developmental cycle will continue." "You get a lot of male blowflies hanging around, sitting on plants around the body, waiting for suitable female mates." And it is this cycle of life and death that is critical in helping the police when they are uncertain of the timing of someone's death. By understanding the "succession" rates or the speed of growth of flies, from an egg to the larval then adult stage she and her colleagues can determine the likely time that person died. But scientists only have developmental data on perhaps half of the twelve or so species of fly that are regulary found on dead bodies. By breeding them in "captivity" under different temperature conditions they can get more accurate information about the timing of their growth and so the process of death. The accuracy of that timing depends partly on how long the body has been decomposing. If she can get to see a corpse within days of its death, when that person died can be worked out to an accuracy within hours. But, if the body has lain undiscovered for weeks, or even months, then the precision of timing can be narrowed to a matter of days. This timing can even be used to help determine whether a suspicious death should be treated as murder. "In some cases of assault, if someone has been seen leaving a pub after a fight say, then that person is found dead a few days later, if we can determine when they died to a matter of hours, we can help establish whether the person died from the assault or other causes." The time of year can dramatically affect how a body decomposes. In one case Amoret and colleagues were involved in, a man disappeared in November but his body was not discovered until the following February. One pathologist report suggested the body had been dead for just a few weeks. In fact because he had died in winter his body had effectively been "mummified". The critical evidence came from Calliphora vicina, a bluebottle blowfly often found on dead bodies. C vicina grows all year round but in winter its development slows right down. While it remains alive, it becomes inactive at temperatures below 1C. This peculiarly slow rate of development meant Amoret and colleagues could prove the man had died months ago rather than weeks. The man had left a pub, taken a short-cut home then slipped and broken his neck. The police regularly use Amoret and her colleagues' expertise. "We can go two months with nothing but then be asked to help with six cases in a couple of weeks." "It's rare that our evidence is used in court. It's more common that we give police a time window and they can then gather further evidence." Forensic entomology can even be used in cases of burnt bodies, as insects may still be found, feeding within the body cavities. If a cadaver has been burnt this makes estimating time of death difficult for the pathologist. Between working with police in the UK and research at the Natural History Museum, Amoret also works at the anthropology department at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville. There she compares the decomposition of dead pigs and human cadavers. Some people have nicknamed this place the "body farm". In the summers of 2008 and 2009 she compared the decomposition of three pigs and three human cadavers. Her research isn't finalised but initial results are positive, confirming that pigs are a good model for how a human corpse decays. "The same species of insects are attracted during the same time periods to both types of cadaver. Large numbers of blowflies from days 1-5, fewer on days 6-7, and a large drop from day eight onwards," she told BBC News. She also says this research will be very useful for all cases where insect evidence is used. "This work will have a big impact when it's published, for forensic entomologists all over the world. As it will show that pigs are a good model for humans, and therefore all the data gathered using pig cadavers can be applied to cases involving human cadavers." Amoret Whitaker is just one of the scientists demonstrating their research at the one night only event "After Hours: Science Uncovered" at the Natural History Museum on Friday 24th September between 1600 and 2200 .
Supported by 89 from Steven Mullaney, Root hit two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first List A century, as Notts recovered from 92-4 to reach 303-6. Jonathan Trott hit 14 fours in his 104, his 21st limited-overs century. But the holders fell short on 293-9 to lose by 10 runs, a third straight loss. Warwickshire needed 49 from the last five overs as the pressure mounted, and after Rikki Clarke and Keith Barker both holed out, that became 16 needed off the last over, bowled by Luke Fletcher, but two run-outs sealed the hosts' fate. Bears captain Ian Bell made 51, but he was the second of three victims for Mullaney, who crucially accounted for Trott, no sooner than the former England batsman had reached three figures - for the fourth time in his last 10 One-Day Cup innings. After starting their defence of the trophy with an impressive 10-wicket win against Warwickshire, the Bears' third straight defeat now leaves them second bottom in North Group ahead of Sunday's visit of winless Lancashire. Notts climb to fourth in the group, three points behind leaders Worcestershire, ahead of Sunday's home fixture against Leicestershire at Welbeck Colliery. Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott told BBC WM: . "We lost our way a little bit with the bat and lost too many wickets at crucial times, including myself. I shouldn't have got out when I did. "If I had got a few more runs, 120 or 130, it would have been a lot easier for the rest of the guys coming in. "Mullaney and Root batted well to get them up to a defendable total but the disappointing thing is that we had chances in the game to close it out and win it and unfortunately we couldn't do it." Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root told BBC Radio Nottingham: . "The century just snuck up on me really. I wasn't thinking about it. It was just a question of trying to score as many runs as possible. "There were a lot of high-fives in the dressing-room which was nice. I haven't checked my messages yet but I am sure there will be one from Joe. "It's nice to be selected for the start of a competition and then it's your job to try to contribute and I am happy to have done so. It's a great dressing-room to be in at the moment. Everyone is in such a good place."
Donald Skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the Taj Madina Mosque in Victoria Road last December. Skene, 38, was ordered to complete 156 days of the unexpired portion of his jail term for breaching his licence. He was also sentenced to a year's supervision following his release. Dundee Sheriff Court was told Skene shouted: "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers", to the Muslim congregation after being arrested. In CCTV footage shown to the court, Skene was seen entering the mosque's wash room and wandering around crying, as members of the congregation prepared to enter the prayer room. Depute fiscal Charmaine Gilmartin the court: "His behaviour is bizarre - attempts are made to try and calm him down." Skene is then seen running in circles around the prayer room as worshippers speak to him. Mrs Gilmartin said: "There are various religious texts in glass frames around the room. "The accused punches some of them and latterly headbutts them. "He had entered using Islamic greetings, and when he was arrested he refers to members of the congregation as brothers and shouts 'I'm white but I'm one of you'." Ross Donnelly, defending, said: "He is very apologetic." Skene admitted charges of breach of the peace and resisting arrest. Allegations that the offence was religiously aggravated were deleted by the Crown. The court was told Skene had already spent 10 weeks on remand for the offence.
Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires. The series of fast-spreading fires, mostly in Chile's central region, are being fanned by strong winds, high temperatures and a prolonged drought. One town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze.
A recent programme in Algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing he had been arrested for "atheism and espionage". During the segment, 75-year-old Rachid Boudjedra was forced by fake police officers to repeat the Islamic proclamation "God is Greatest" and utter the two Islamic testimonies of faith. The programme, called We Got You was later suspended amid a wave of criticism from civil society. TV has become an important part of the Islamic holy month, and broadcasters will often commission special programmes to draw audiences in as they break their fast in the evening. Prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism in recent years for taking things too far. Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established himself as a major TV prankster, with a series of programmes featuring celebrities in increasingly extreme scenarios. In one edition, he fooled celebrities into believing they were on a sinking ship, surrounded by floating body parts and an approaching shark. In another, victims were locked inside a supposed ancient Egyptian tomb containing bats, insects and a mummy rising from the dead. In 2013 during a programme entitled Ramez, the Fox of the Desert, guest celebrities were fooled into believing the bus they were travelling on had been intercepted by militants. The mock militants pretended to shoot the driver dead and then blindfolded and handcuffed the guests. This was aired at a time when Egypt was witnessing a surge in terror attacks, particularly in the region of Sinai, where military convoys were often attacked by armed bandits in desolate areas. Galal revels in the controversy. In a trailer for his show, he admits to "torturing his friends and fellow actors because he loves them". And it may be that only the audience is being fooled. Sharp-eyed viewers often find clues signalling that the guests are in on the prank. Some celebrities have confirmed that this was the case. Tunisia's The Earthquake is another controversial programme which fools guests into believing they are experiencing a violent tremor. In one episode, an elderly religious leader insisted on continuing to pray despite the ongoing quake. The show was widely criticised on social media for disregarding the age and health conditions of the guests, who seemed genuinely scared. Similar charges were levelled at Algeria's We Got You. Following the episode featuring Mr Boudjedra, one Algerian novelist said it was "unbelievable that a famous writer was ridiculously pranked with no regards to his age or fame". Religious bodies in the region have recently issued fatwas (religious edicts) asserting that terrorising people for any purpose is religiously forbidden. The shows are also criticised, like the slew of entertainment programmes aired during Ramadan, for being a distraction from spiritual dedication during the holy month. Egyptian media expert Yasser Abd-al-Aziz told the BBC that the prevalence of TV pranks has forced production companies to push the boundaries of good taste in order to attract audience and advertising revenue. But one popular show entitled The Shock appears to buck this trend, with more traditional pranks, rather than terrifying ordeals. The show is filmed in a number of Arab countries, capturing reactions to staged situations such as a man violently scolding his wife, a student insulting his teacher or a child standing helpless in the cold weather asking passers-by for a coat. It has won over audiences across the the region by exploring how strangers interact in dramatic but everyday situations. As Twitter user @Nooruldeen89 put it: "Despite the acts being staged, The Shock awakens the human in you and makes you rethink your perspective." BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
"We save people here every day," said the 46-year-old policeman - managing to sound both proud and chiding and the same time. Mr Hassan has now spent three years assigned to the lifeguard unit that patrols the beach. At high tide on a recent Friday afternoon, thousands of mostly young Somalis were playing in the surf - a scene of cheerful relaxation that would have been unimaginable just a few years ago in a city notorious for its decades of anarchy, famine and violence. "This place is bangin'! Beautiful!" said an exuberant 21-year-old named Hassan Mohammed. Like many others at the shore, he was from the diaspora and spoke English in a broad London accent. "Never been here before. Very nice country. I'm born and raised in Europe. I thought it would be like seeing the end of the world. But it's improved very much," he said. Several restaurants have opened up at Lido beach, their shaded tables packed with Mogadishu's wealthier elites. "Octopus, sea turtle, lobster, shrimp - it's all over this place! Somalia is the most rich in seafood," said Lule Dhan, an Ethiopian who is executive chef at the Benadir Beach Restaurant. "This fabulous city... is not what the media portrays," he declared. "Absolutely, I'm here to stay," said the restaurant's slightly less effusive co-owner, Abdi Resak Jamcale, who has returned to Somalia after two decades in California. "I'm not making a profit but I'm breaking even. We need new laws to have more foreign investment here. For years people here never knew what's wrong and what's right - whoever has the gun [was in control]. But we're getting there, slowly," he said. Read Andrew's other reports from Somalia: . 'Why I left al-Shabab' Getting round remittance bans . In a country famous for its entrepreneurial culture, Lido beach's popularity has attracted a range of new business ventures - the most visible being the stalls renting out bright red life jackets to the many less confident swimmers. "When the security improves, everything gets better. Before there was no work at the seaside, but now we're very proud to have this business," said Mariam Hassan Ali, 45, sitting beside an inflated inner tube that she also rents by the hour. But if Lido beach is a clear indication of the growing sense of optimism in Mogadishu, this is not a city in which one can, or should, drop one's guard for long. Later in the afternoon, the local district police chief arrived and demanded that we leave the beach immediately, hinting darkly that our film crew might be working on behalf of al-Shabab. To reinforce his point, he was brandishing a grenade with some enthusiasm. Further down the beach, Hassan Mohammed - the young visitor from London - also began sounding slightly less emphatic about the city's charms when I asked him if he had any concerns about security, and al-Shabab. "No. No. You talk about that and they'll come to you! You don't talk about that - not even a little bit. I'm scared of that. This country's un-trustable, the people are un-trustable. They're just like you but then they've got this different mentality. "There's only certain people that you can trust but that's cos they're your family. Do you know what they say here [about al-Shabab]? Arsenal or Chelsea! They don't even call them by their name. They say Arsenal or Chelsea. And if you hear that, run! Run! Don't even turn around. Just run!" he said.
It is the third time Vitalmiro Bastos Moura has been tried for Dorothy Stang's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned. Ms Stang, 73, campaigned for 30 years to save rainforest from the interests of wealthy landlords. She had tried to block Moura's attempts to seize land and was shot six times. Moura, who was convicted in 2007 and 2010 in verdicts that were subsequently overturned, was sentenced to 30 years in prison. In the latest trial, the judge said Moura had acted in a cold-blooded and cowardly manner. Prosecutors earlier said Moura and another rancher had hired gunmen to kill Ms Stang. Moura's lawyers argued there wasn't enough evidence linking him to the crime. The death of Ms Stang in the northern state of Para became a symbol of the violent conflict for natural resources in Brazil's Amazon region. In the past 30 years, more than 1,000 people have been killed in land disputes in Brazil, with some two-thirds of the murders happening in Para. Ahead of the latest verdict, Ms Stang's sister, Barbara Richardson, said the repeated trials had been upsetting but had helped maintain a spotlight on the issues. "That keeps the injustice of the system before the people's eyes," she told AP. "Dorothy is ever prominent. The people understand what happened to her and what this means."
Joe Root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and Mark Wood also return for the tie with Pakistan at Old Trafford on 7 September after missing Sri Lanka in July. Liam Dawson, Chris Woakes, James Vince, and Dawid Malan all miss out. However, rapid T20 specialist Tymal Mills retains his place. Stokes missed the tie against Sri Lanka, which England won by eight wickets, but has figured in the ongoing five-match ODI series, in which they have beaten Pakistan in the first three fixtures. England impressed at Trent Bridge on Tuesday, scoring an international ODI record 444-3. Hales scored 171 in that match, the highest score by an England batsman in limited overs cricket, while Root added 85 - his fifth consecutive ODI half-century. Liam Dawson took 3-27 on debut against Sri Lanka, but misses out as Test spinner Ali returns, while Malan drops out of the squad without making his debut. National selector, James Whitaker, said: "It is excellent to see the progress we are making in white ball cricket across both formats. "It is testament to the excellent work being nurtured in the county structure and through the England Lions, that there is a depth of quality pushing the nucleus of the current group." England Twenty20 squad: Eoin Morgan (Middlesex), Moeen Ali (Worcestershire), Sam Billings (Kent), Jos Buttler (Lancashire), Alex Hales (Nottinghamshire), Chris Jordan (Sussex), Tymal Mills (Sussex), Liam Plunkett (Yorkshire), Adil Rashid (Yorkshire), Joe Root (Yorkshire), Jason Roy (Surrey), Ben Stokes (Durham), David Willey (Yorkshire), Mark Wood (Durham)
Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures. The Operation Midland inquiry into a 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring is among inquiries that will be examined. The force has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations. Former head of the Army Lord Bramall, 92, who last month found out he would not face any further action in connection with Operation Midland, had called for a review. His solicitor Drew Pettifer said Lord Bramall welcomed any review that would make "the process fairer and less painful". The peer strongly denied claims made by a man given the name "Nick", and said detectives had taken 10 months before speaking to witnesses who cast doubt on the case. There has also been scrutiny of the Met Police's handling of an investigation into a rape allegation against the late Lord Brittan, a former Home Secretary. He died in January 2015 without being told that the case had been dropped. Critics have questioned whether Sir Bernard's contract, up in September this year, should be renewed. Home Affairs Select Committee chairman Keith Vaz has asked that he appear in front of MPs to answer questions about the Met's handling of the cases. Analysis: Press turns both barrels on the Met Police . Sir Peter Fahy, a former chief constable of Greater Manchester Police, told BBC Newsnight he felt some of the criticism Sir Bernard was receiving was unfair and that he was a "remarkable police leader". However, he said that in the same position he would apologise to Lord Britten's wife for the delay in informing him his case had been dropped. "There is clearly a particular issue about a delay... that is a clear mistake, an error. It is not how the procedure should work," he said. "But I certainly think that no chief constable would apologise for investigating anybody." Former Conservative children's minister Tim Loughton said allegations needed investigating quickly and a decision made quickly so people were "not left in the public domain hung out to dry and not given natural justice". The judge's review will contain confidential and sensitive information and will be a private report for Sir Bernard, but its key findings and the recommendations will be made public later this year. It will look at police procedure rather than evidence. Sir Bernard said: "We are not afraid to learn how we can do these things better. "Sir Richard brings an independent legal mind to advise us whether we can provide a better balance between our duty to investigate and the interests of suspects, complainants and victims." He said Judge Lowell Goddard, who is chairing the wide-ranging independent inquiry into child sex abuse, had been notified of the review. The announcement of the Henriques review is a significant moment. The Met Police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe is asking the judge: "Did we get it right or did we get it wrong?" when responding to allegations of child sexual abuse. The idea is that this review will be able to answer the question fully and fairly because it will have access to confidential information not available to the Met's critics, especially those in the press. Sir Richard Henriques has already decided police investigating Lord Janner in Leicester didn't do enough - now he will have to decide if the Met went too far, especially its most sensitive investigation, Operation Midland. The fact that Sir Bernard has not waited until Operation Midland is complete to order this review, will be seen as a sign that it has failed. He will be hoping for a more positive verdict. Operation Midland, established in November 2014, is examining claims that boys were abused by a group of powerful men from politics, the military and law enforcement agencies at locations across southern England and in London in the 1970s and 1980s. It is also examining claims that three boys were murdered. Operation Midland has focused on the Dolphin Square estate in Pimlico, south-west London. Sir Richard recently carried out a review of sex abuse allegations against the former Labour MP Lord Janner, which concluded prosecutors had been wrong not to have charged the late peer 25 years ago. Lord Janner's family have denied the allegations. A spokesman for children's charity the NSPCC said it was crucial the review into the Met Police investigations did not "inadvertently discourage" victims of abuse from coming forward. Gabrielle Shaw, from the National Association for People Abused in Childhood (Napac), said if the police could learn from past mistakes and get better at their job, that could only benefit society.
Pae Jun-ho, known in the US as Kenneth Bae, smuggled anti-government materials and plotted the state's downfall, a Supreme Court spokesman told state news agency KCNA. He denied Mr Bae was being used as a "political bargaining chip" with the US. Mr Bae was detained last year after entering North Korea as a tourist. North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years, including journalists and Christians accused of proselytism. They were released after intervention from high-profile American figures, including former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter, both of whom went to Pyongyang. The court spokesman told KCNA that Mr Bae was "dispatched to China as a missionary". There he was involved in setting up "plot-breeding bases" from which he "infiltrated at least 250 students" into the North Korean port city of Rason with the aim of "bringing the government down". US citizens held by N Korea . "He committed such hostile acts as egging on overseas [North Korean] citizens and foreigners to perpetrate hostile acts to bring down its government while conducting a malignant smear campaign," he said. He added Mr Bae's full confession was the reason why he did not receive a possible death sentence. "He dared commit such hideous crimes as hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership," he said. The spokesman denied that Mr Bae was "not tried in a transparent matter and [the North] was trying to use this issue as a political bargaining chip". Mr Bae, 44, was arrested in November as he entered Rason, a special economic zone near North Korea's border with China. South Korea activists believe he was arrested for taking pictures of starving children. Other reports have described him as a devout Christian. His conviction on 30 April came amid high tension between the US and North Korea, after Pyongyang's third nuclear test. The UN expanded sanctions against the communist state in March, in the wake of its 12 February nuclear test and December long-range rocket launch. Pyongyang reacted angrily both to the measures and the annual US-South Korea military exercises, threatening to attack US military bases and cutting key hotlines with its southern neighbour.
Newport's win over Accrington sees the Exiles leapfrog Pools, putting them two points in front with two games remaining. Victory for Barnet, under caretaker boss Rossi Eames, was only their second win in 13 games. But they controlled the match throughout against a side lacking in confidence, belief and ability. John Akinde was denied an opener after 12 minutes when his angled header was tipped over for a corner. From the set-piece Michael Nelson, the Barnet skipper, fired a shot against a post, while Jack Taylor's goal-bound shot was deflected wide. Nathan Thomas got Pools' first shot on target after 64 minutes, failing to test goalkeeper Josh Vickers. And the Bees went ahead in the 66th minute when Akinde turned and powerfully fired an angled drive past goalkeeper Joe Fryer. Simeon Akinola made it two five minutes later, the Bees racing away down the left side and Jamal Campbell-Ryce setting up the substitute. Akinde also missed a penalty, Fryer saving his weak spot kick with nine minutes remaining. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Second Half ends, Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Attempt blocked. Padraig Amond (Hartlepool United) header from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Foul by Elliot Johnson (Barnet). Carl Magnay (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Jamal Campbell-Ryce (Barnet) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Substitution, Barnet. Wesley Fonguck replaces Jack Taylor. Charlie Clough (Barnet) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Brad Walker (Hartlepool United). Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Harry Taylor. Attempt missed. Rhys Oates (Hartlepool United) header from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt blocked. Jack Blackford (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner, Barnet. Conceded by Matthew Bates. Attempt blocked. John Akinde (Barnet) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Penalty saved! John Akinde (Barnet) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, right footed shot saved in the bottom left corner. Penalty Barnet. John Akinde draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Joe Fryer (Hartlepool United) after a foul in the penalty area. Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Michael Nelson. Foul by Tom Champion (Barnet). Jack Blackford (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick on the left wing. John Akinde (Barnet) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Scott Harrison (Hartlepool United). Attempt saved. Padraig Amond (Hartlepool United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Attempt missed. Scott Harrison (Hartlepool United) header from very close range is close, but misses to the right following a corner. Corner, Hartlepool United. Conceded by Jack Taylor. Goal! Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 2. Simeon Akinola (Barnet) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jamal Campbell-Ryce. Substitution, Hartlepool United. Jack Blackford replaces Nicky Featherstone. Attempt missed. Jamal Campbell-Ryce (Barnet) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Goal! Hartlepool United 0, Barnet 1. John Akinde (Barnet) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Curtis Weston. Substitution, Barnet. Simeon Akinola replaces Fumnaya Shomotun. Substitution, Barnet. Tom Champion replaces Ruben Bover. Attempt missed. Brad Walker (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Attempt saved. Nathan Thomas (Hartlepool United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Hartlepool United. Padraig Amond replaces Lewis Alessandra. Foul by Jack Taylor (Barnet). Rhys Oates (Hartlepool United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Elliot Johnson (Barnet) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Carl Magnay (Hartlepool United).
He told the United Nations General Assembly that world leaders, notably Germany and Canada, have vowed to double the number from last year. "We are facing a crisis of epic proportion," Mr Obama said. About 21 million refugees have been forced to flee their countries due to conflict or persecution, the UN says. Nine million people alone have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria while more than four million others have fled the war-torn country. "We cannot avert our eyes or turn our backs. To slam the door in the face of these families would betray our deepest values," he added. The US has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 October- compared with the 85,000 refugees it expects by the end of September. The president's remarks come a day after a US and Russia-brokered ceasefire unravelled, partly due to a US-led air strike over the weekend that mistakenly killed Syrian soldiers. Tensions continued on Monday when a strike, which witnesses say came from the air, hit an aid convoy at Urum al-Kubra, destroying 18 UN lorries and killing about 20 civilians. The UN has since suspended all aid convoys to Syria in response. Both Russia and Syria have insisted their forces were not behind the strike. The president's announcement also included a pledge by countries to increase financial contributions to UN appeals and humanitarian groups by about $4.5b (Â£3.5b) over 2015 levels. Participating countries have vowed to help fund schools for a million refugee children as well as assist in helping one million refugees work legally. Mr Obama used his eighth and final UN address as president to call for a "course correction" to ensure that extremism and violence does not drive countries into a more divided world. "Together, now, we have to open our hearts and do more to help refugees who are desperate for a home," he said. Though he made no direct mention of the US, Mr Obama said wealthy countries with the resources should do more to help. In what appeared to be a dig at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, he added: "The world is too small for us to simply be able to build a wall and prevent (extremism) from affecting our own societies." Hours earlier, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also expressed concern over the conflict in Syria, saying there was "no military solution". "Gulfs of mistrust divide citizens from their leaders. Extremists push people into camps of 'us' and 'them'," Mr Ban said, taking the world stage for the last time as secretary general. "The Earth assails us with rising seas, record heat and extreme storms. And danger defines the days of many."
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) suspended Russia from the Rio Games starting on 7 September because of state-sponsored doping. Putin said the ruling was "cynical" and "humiliates those who take such decisions". Only Russian track and field athletes were banned from the Olympics. Putin, speaking at an award ceremony for Russian Olympians at the Kremlin, said the country would hold special competitions for banned Paralympic athletes, with the winners awarded the same prizes as in Rio. Foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Russian Paralympians had taken "collective responsibility for an unproven crime".
Media playback is not supported on this device . World champion Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five pit stops. The Briton faces the prospect of trying to overhaul a 36-point deficit in the remaining 18 races of the season. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mate Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. The incident damaged both cars, with Raikkonen fighting back to fifth behind the Red Bulls of Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo. Raikkonen's rise through the field included passing Hamilton in the closing stages, Ferrari's decision to use soft tyres for the final stint as opposed to the mediums chosen by Mercedes giving the Finn an advantage as the Briton fought in vain to try to pass the Williams of Felipe Massa. Hamilton will express his confidence at being able to erode Rosberg's points lead and will expect his awful luck of the first three races to turnaround - but the fact remains that no driver who has won the first three races of a season has failed to go on to claim the World Championship. The race was shaped by an incident-packed opening, with a number of collisions on the first lap leading to the introduction of the safety car on lap four. By that stage, Hamilton and Raikkonen had already pitted once to replace front wings damaged in first-corner collisions. Raikkonen moved right into Vettel's path as the German moved left to ensure he was not tagged by an aggressive dive down the inside by Kvyat. Hamilton was then turned into by Sauber's Felipe Nasr as he avoided Raikkonen's damaged car swerving back on to the circuit. Vettel confronted Kvyat about the incident in the pre-podium room after the race, saying: "If I don't go left, you crash into us and we all three go out - you are like a torpedo." Kvyat replied: "We didn't crash." Vettel responded: "You didn't. You were lucky this time." Kvyat shrugged: "I'm on the podium; you're on the podium." In the post-race interviews, Kvyat added: "You see the gap, you go for it on the inside. You see one car it is hard to see both. It was a risky move, I agree with Seb but you have to take risks and I am on the podium." Listen to Vettel's post-race rant . At the front, Ricciardo had made a stunning start to take the lead from pole-sitter Rosberg at the first corner. In the process his left-rear wheel had been tagged by Rosberg's front wing. Whether it was that or the debris on the track, Ricciardo suffered a left-rear puncture on lap three, allowing the Mercedes to pass. Ricciardo would almost certainly not have been able to hold off Rosberg in any case, but his removal from the lead left the German serene out front. Mercedes decided not to stop him under the safety car and when the race re-started on lap nine, Rosberg simply drove off into the distance. Listen to the first-lap madness . Hamilton, meanwhile, was in the wars. Mercedes stopped him twice under the safety car, doing only one lap on the super-soft tyres in an attempt to ensure he could use only the softs for the rest of the race. So Hamilton had done three stops within the first six laps and he was lying third from last at the restart. He began his fightback from there, with the Ferraris doing the same - Vettel starting from 11th and Raikkonen not far behind Hamilton, who said his progress had been affected by damage to the car in the incident with Nasr. "The car was pretty damaged," said the 31-year-old afterwards. "I'm sure it was some aero components but I think it was the suspension as well because it was flexing all over the place." Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff said the front wing had damaged the leading edge of the floor and the barge boards when it came off and that the car had lost a "lot of aerodynamic performance". After a further switch to the medium compound tyres to last the race, Hamilton was not able to recover as much ground as the Ferraris and faces an uphill battle if he is to stop Rosberg winning his first world title this year. Chinese Grand Prix race results . Chinese Grand Prix coverage details .
A software "issue" meant polling cards and some postal votes were sent out to some "non eligible" voters. They are still awaiting responses from six councils so the number could rise. Leave campaigners Iain Duncan Smith and Bernard Jenkin have expressed "serious concerns" about the "conduct of the EU referendum and its franchise". They have written to the prime minister complaining of "many and varied" examples of EU nationals being sent polling cards. On Friday, the Electoral Commission confirmed the numbers affected so far, and said the software provider had since "resolved the issue". Any postal votes wrongly issued would be cancelled and none of those affected would appear as an eligible voter on the electoral registers used at polling stations, it said. EU citizens from non-UK countries are not entitled to vote, unless they are citizens of the Irish Republic, Cyprus or Malta. But Mr Duncan Smith has said a Nottingham City Council officer had emailed a Vote Leave supporter to say the council was unable to check whether people put their correct nationality on an application, and had to assume the information submitted was correct. Kingston-upon-Thames council in south-west London said a Polish citizen in the area - whose case had been highlighted by the Guido Fawkes website - was sent a polling card because he had put "British" as his nationality on the electoral register. British, Irish and Commonwealth citizens resident in the UK and many British citizens living abroad are entitled to vote in the referendum. You can check with your local authority's electoral services team if you are worried that you are not on the register. If you are not on the register you have until midnight on Tuesday, 7 June to submit an application for a vote. The deadlines for applying for a postal vote at the referendum are: . In England, Scotland or Wales, you can register to vote online anytime at gov.uk/register-to-vote. If you are a British citizen living abroad, you can register to vote online in the same way. In Northern Ireland, visit the government's Register to vote in Northern Ireland page to download a registration form. If you are an Irish citizen living abroad who was born in Northern Ireland, visit the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland website to download the correct form.
It is hoped the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. The BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished. If successful in raising funds it is hoped the theatre will reopen in 2018. The theatre and studios form part of a larger east wing restoration project to transform Alexandra Palace into a new cultural destination. As part of the renovations, the glazed east court will become a space for the public and for exhibitions. Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is contributing £18.8m towards the project, while Haringey Council is contributing £6.8m. The entire east wing will be refurbished at a cost of £26.6m. Alexandra Park and Palace Charitable Trust have committed to raising the final £1m by summer 2017. The theatre, which has languished unused for decades, still has much of its original decor and stage machinery in place. It was created to showcase opera, musicals, plays and all kinds of entertainment, even hosting early cinema screenings.
