a man in the indian city of mumbai has been attacked after he was attacked by a man in mumbai .
it 's been a turbulent year for former us president barack obama , who has died at the age of 74 .
one of scotland 's most prestigious arts organisations , alasdair , has been removed from the arts board .
the family of a six - year - old girl who died after being hit by a car in swansea have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of devon .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people in connection with a series of drug trafficking offences .
two players from swansea have been left out of their squad for the first time since the end of the season .
the body of a man whose body was found on a beach in the us state of oregon is thought to be the first person to be found in the uk .
jonathan trott hit his first county championship century of the season as they beat warwickshire by five wickets in the one - day cup at edgbaston .
a man has been jailed for three years for assaulting a mosque at a mosque in dundee .
a huge fire has broken out in the chilean town of chile , which has been devastated by wildfires .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the egyptian capital , the bbc 's 75-year - old segment looks back at the scene .
a restaurant restaurant in somalia 's capital , mogadishu , is one of the most famous people in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced two men to death for the murder of a woman in the amazon state of manaus .
england opener ben stokes has been named in the england squad for the first one - day international against sri lanka .
the metropolitan police commissioner is to investigate allegations of historical child abuse allegations , the bbc has learned .
north korea 's supreme court has confirmed that north korea 's defence minister , kim jong - un , has been arrested , state media say .
barnet extended their lead at the top of league two to five points with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
us president barack obama has urged the united nations to end the ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the country 's paralympic committee has announced .
lewis hamilton set the pace in final practice at the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
thousands of people in the uk have been urged to vote in a referendum on whether to vote in the eu referendum .
a theatre theatre is to reopen its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
