tens of thousands of mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to use their mobile phones on their mobile phones .
england women will face england in the women 's six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
plans to close a swimming pool in derby have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
the united nations and the united nations have agreed to resume peace talks with the united nations .
the number of adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the white house 's handling of the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown .
leigh griffiths says the celtic squad will be the best player in the premier league this season after winning the scottish cup .
tunisian prime minister manuel valls has been killed in a gun attack in the capital , tunis , officials say .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the indian restaurant is the best restaurant in the world .
manchester city have signed midfielder paul walker from tottenham on a five - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a beach on the beach in east sussex .
the uk government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the uk .
the first minister has accused the uk government of being ` ` tin '' over the uk 's departure from the eu .
a police force has apologised after a woman was stabbed to death at a beach in cornwall .
a three - year - old boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in newcastle .
wales wing george north has been ruled out of the tour de france with a knee injury .
a us judge has ordered us president donald trump to be barred from entering the us state of san francisco .
montrose have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .
the world 's tallest pyramid system has been discovered in the grounds of the capital , cairo , officials say .
the remains of the remains of the remains of one of the disappeared victims have been found , the bbc has learned .
anthony gray scored a hat - trick as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united at bramall lane .
northern ireland 's police and crime department -lrb- review -rrb- has announced plans for a new training training facility in northern ireland .
partick thistle manager dave osman says he does not want a new contract with partick thistle .
in the aftermath of the eu referendum , the bbc 's andrew marr looks at how the uk is to leave the european union .
a canadian woman has been arrested on suspicion of defaming president recep tayyip erdogan , her lawyer says .
the death of british football legend cameroon cameroon , who died at the age of 41 at the age of 41 , is one of the world 's most famous footballers .
uefa president michel platini has called for a reform of the world football governing body fifa .
the brother of a convicted murderer who was convicted of corruption has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision not to appeal against his conviction .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a new film about the disney film will be screened in malaysia .
former world heavyweight champion tyson tyson says he wants to fight wladimir klitschko at the rio olympics .
activity in the uk 's dominant services sector fell to a new low last month , according to a survey .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
