us toy giant lego has been accused by chinese artist lego of using a ` ` controversial '' artist , lego , in a move to the chinese city .
a group of mps has called for a change in the rules on tackling extremism in england and wales .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with her mother .
a county down school has closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
the government has been accused of failing to pay a # charge fine to pay for the cost of so - called legal highs in england and wales .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a new gene therapy .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- qub -rrb- has announced that it will not be held at the university of belfast .
a cat has died in a suspected chemical overdose , the rspca has confirmed .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a man at a primary school in glasgow has been found guilty of murder .
the prime minister has called for the uk to leave the eu , saying it is ` ` shameful '' for the uk to leave the eu .
us company hyundai has announced that it is cutting up to $ 100 m -lrb- Â # consumers m -rrb- for the first time in more than two years .
the deputy speaker of the ulster unionist party -lrb- gordon -rrb- , craig gordon , has been appointed as the new speaker of the northern ireland assembly .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended from the council for gross misconduct after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to reintroduce a peak -lrb- idea km -rrb- on mount everest .
the fifa football federation -lrb- move -rrb- has announced that it will suspend the football association 's world cup qualifier against mexico on saturday .
british and irish lions captain sam warburton says his side are ` ` desperate '' to beat new zealand in the first test against new zealand .
as italy and italy prepare for the euro 2016 finals , bbc sport 's football expert mark ray is pitting his wits against the republic of ireland .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency has called for the bitcoin virtual currency to be removed .
the number of police officers in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in a year , the police federation has said .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's immigration system will not be allowed to work in the uk .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
