artist ai weiwei has accused lego of ` ` censorship and discrimination '' after the company refused to allow him to use its bricks in a new exhibition .
teachers should ignore rules on promoting ` ` fundamental british values '' , a teachers ' union conference has heard .
dame judi dench says she has no plans to retire from acting , despite failing eyesight which has left her unable to read scripts .
an independent school in hampshire has confirmed it will close because of ` ` financial pressure '' .
the criminal courts charge should be scrapped by ministers , a parliamentary committee has said , as it raised ` ` grave misgivings '' about the fee 's benefits .
a faulty gene could help explain some cases of unexplained male infertility , according to research .
viewers have been guessing who did it for the last year , but on thursday eastenders will finally reveal who killed lucy beale .
a conference in belfast to discuss the fallout from the charlie hebdo murders has been cancelled .
five cats have died from antifreeze poisoning on or near the same street in the space of two weeks , the rspca has said .
dna matching two men accused of throwing acid at the face of a scottish sun journalist was found on items at the scene , a court has heard .
britons living around europe would have been left ` ` high and dry '' if the rights of eu citizens to stay in the uk had been guaranteed , the pm has said .
hyundai motor will defer payments due from us federal employees affected by the partial government shutdown .
opposition politicians have expressed concern about the use of a special legal procedure to appoint a new stormont press secretary .
a decision to suspend a powys county councillor has been upheld .
norway has rejected a plan to give its neighbour finland a mountain to mark the centenary of its independence .
mexico 's football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- has asked a ` ` small group '' of its fans to stop a chant fifa says is homophobic .
wales captain sam warburton says his side must not be afraid to take risks against new zealand on saturday .
when the republic of ireland and italy clash at football , passion and pride are usually not far away .
a high - profile bitcoin developer has said the crypto - currency has failed and he will no longer take part in its development .
some bedfordshire police stations could be relocated to supermarkets to help bridge a funding gap , its police and crime commissioner said .
time spent travelling to and from first and last jobs by workers who do not have a fixed office should be regarded as work , european judges have ruled .
police investigating the murder of a man who was found seriously injured on a glasgow street have traced the driver of a car seen near where he was found .
