the chairman of league two club portsmouth has called for the club 's owners to be offered a chance to support the club .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a hit - and - run crash in mumbai .
tens of thousands of mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to use their mobile phones on their mobile phones .
it was one of the greatest sporting stories in world football .
england women will face england in the women 's six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
a man in the indian city of mumbai has been attacked after he was attacked by a man in mumbai .
us toy giant lego has been accused by chinese artist lego of using a ` ` controversial '' artist , lego , in a move to the chinese city .
a house in northamptonshire has been badly damaged in a fire .
it 's been a turbulent year for former us president barack obama , who has died at the age of 74 .
a dutch plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
one of scotland 's most prestigious arts organisations , alasdair , has been removed from the arts board .
a painting by the artist lucian freud has sold at auction for # sotheby -lrb- $ selling -rrb- .
relatives of two british men who died in the murder of a british couple have won a high court battle against the uk 's supreme court .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to expand the isle of wight and the isle of wight .
the family of a six - year - old girl who died after being hit by a car in swansea have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
plans to close a swimming pool in derby have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been fined $ firms -lrb- Â # blanket -rrb- by the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
the united nations and the united nations have agreed to resume peace talks with the united nations .
former england and qpr striker glen campbell has died at the age of 88 .
the number of adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in glasgow .
thousands of children in care homes in england are to be given christmas christmas gifts .
it 's been a busy year for apple 's new iphone .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the white house 's handling of the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown .
a group of mps has called for a change in the rules on tackling extremism in england and wales .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a flat in east belfast .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with her mother .
work has started on a new # 2.2 m library in denbighshire .
leigh griffiths says the celtic squad will be the best player in the premier league this season after winning the scottish cup .
tunisian prime minister manuel valls has been killed in a gun attack in the capital , tunis , officials say .
at least two people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
a county down school has closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of devon .
leicester tigers head coach daryl murphy says his side are capable of beating leicester tigers at the end of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the indian restaurant is the best restaurant in the world .
the government has been accused of failing to pay a # charge fine to pay for the cost of so - called legal highs in england and wales .
manchester city have signed midfielder paul walker from tottenham on a five - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a new gene therapy .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
former rangers striker fabrizio elliot says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
a grade ii - listed building in reading has been given the go - ahead by the university of reading .
a police force has issued a warning about a police force to stop sending a police officer to a police officer .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a beach on the beach in east sussex .
the uk government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the uk .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- qub -rrb- has announced that it will not be held at the university of belfast .
cecil cecil , the lion who killed british lion cecil cecil in zimbabwe , has been described as a ` ` petty '' .
campaigners from the european commission have signed a petition calling for an end to the controversial legal action by the european commission .
england made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a stand victory over worcestershire at new road .
a cat has died in a suspected chemical overdose , the rspca has confirmed .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people in connection with a series of drug trafficking offences .
the first minister has accused the uk government of being ` ` tin '' over the uk 's departure from the eu .
two players from swansea have been left out of their squad for the first time since the end of the season .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league defeat by chelsea was the result of his side 's 2 - 0 defeat at stamford bridge .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a racist incident at celtic park .
a police force has apologised after a woman was stabbed to death at a beach in cornwall .
a new production of the author of the author of the author philip pullman is to be set up in the west midlands .
a three - year - old boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in newcastle .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a man at a primary school in glasgow has been found guilty of murder .
the body of a man whose body was found on a beach in the us state of oregon is thought to be the first person to be found in the uk .
wales wing george north has been ruled out of the tour de france with a knee injury .
the prime minister has called for the uk to leave the eu , saying it is ` ` shameful '' for the uk to leave the eu .
a us judge has ordered us president donald trump to be barred from entering the us state of san francisco .
jonathan trott hit his first county championship century of the season as they beat warwickshire by five wickets in the one - day cup at edgbaston .
a man has been jailed for three years for assaulting a mosque at a mosque in dundee .
us company hyundai has announced that it is cutting up to $ 100 m -lrb- Â # consumers m -rrb- for the first time in more than two years .
montrose have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .
at least eight people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion at a factory in central porto , officials say .
a huge fire has broken out in the chilean town of chile , which has been devastated by wildfires .
the deputy speaker of the ulster unionist party -lrb- gordon -rrb- , craig gordon , has been appointed as the new speaker of the northern ireland assembly .
the world 's tallest pyramid system has been discovered in the grounds of the capital , cairo , officials say .
the remains of the remains of the remains of one of the disappeared victims have been found , the bbc has learned .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the egyptian capital , the bbc 's 75-year - old segment looks back at the scene .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended from the council for gross misconduct after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to reintroduce a peak -lrb- idea km -rrb- on mount everest .
the fifa football federation -lrb- move -rrb- has announced that it will suspend the football association 's world cup qualifier against mexico on saturday .
anthony gray scored a hat - trick as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united at bramall lane .
british and irish lions captain sam warburton says his side are ` ` desperate '' to beat new zealand in the first test against new zealand .
gloucester cathedral has announced it is to celebrate its first anniversary of the cathedral .
as italy and italy prepare for the euro 2016 finals , bbc sport 's football expert mark ray is pitting his wits against the republic of ireland .
wales ' top goalscorer ian ian has been named welsh football association 's player of the year for the first time .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency has called for the bitcoin virtual currency to be removed .
former yeovil town captain tim howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
a restaurant restaurant in somalia 's capital , mogadishu , is one of the most famous people in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced two men to death for the murder of a woman in the amazon state of manaus .
england opener ben stokes has been named in the england squad for the first one - day international against sri lanka .
the number of police officers in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in a year , the police federation has said .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west sussex .
a man who was found dead at a house in st albans has been named by police .
the metropolitan police commissioner is to investigate allegations of historical child abuse allegations , the bbc has learned .
north korea 's supreme court has confirmed that north korea 's defence minister , kim jong - un , has been arrested , state media say .
barnet extended their lead at the top of league two to five points with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
northern ireland 's police and crime department -lrb- review -rrb- has announced plans for a new training training facility in northern ireland .
partick thistle manager dave osman says he does not want a new contract with partick thistle .
in the aftermath of the eu referendum , the bbc 's andrew marr looks at how the uk is to leave the european union .
a canadian woman has been arrested on suspicion of defaming president recep tayyip erdogan , her lawyer says .
ivory coast 's first game in charge of ivory coast ended in defeat as they were held to a goalless draw by ivory coast .
apple has reported a record quarterly profit of $ -rrb- bn -lrb- Â # bn bn -rrb- in the first quarter of the year .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's immigration system will not be allowed to work in the uk .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a recycling site in greater manchester .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a law that will allow women to die in the country .
the death of british football legend cameroon cameroon , who died at the age of 41 at the age of 41 , is one of the world 's most famous footballers .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
uefa president michel platini has called for a reform of the world football governing body fifa .
the brother of a convicted murderer who was convicted of corruption has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision not to appeal against his conviction .
us president barack obama has urged the united nations to end the ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will not host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the country 's paralympic committee has announced .
world number one ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the semi - finals of the world championship .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a new film about the disney film will be screened in malaysia .
lewis hamilton set the pace in final practice at the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
the authorities in mexico 's capital , buenos aires , have begun a week - long strike in the capital , caracas .
former world heavyweight champion tyson tyson says he wants to fight wladimir klitschko at the rio olympics .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to sex offences .
activity in the uk 's dominant services sector fell to a new low last month , according to a survey .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
thousands of people in the uk have been urged to vote in a referendum on whether to vote in the eu referendum .
a theatre theatre is to reopen its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
nigeria 's largest city , lagos , has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years , officials say .
wrexham have signed wrexham striker shaun harvey on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been charged in connection with a fire at a mosque in the us state of minnesota .
johnston media has announced it is to sell its print newspaper , the platforms , which is to be published this year .
eu nationals living in the european union have called on the uk to stay in the eu , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
the duke of cambridge is one of the world 's most famous tennis stars .
a snake in florida has been found in the back of a snake in florida , florida .
the uk 's first minister has said the uk should remain in the european union if the uk leaves the eu .
a mother and her two children have been found guilty of murdering a mother and her two children .
former home secretary lord alderdice has said the house of lords should not be allowed to allow the border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says lee clark could be out for the rest of the season .
china 's economy grew by 6.7 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
the bbc 's andrew marr looks at the numbers of migrants who travelled to the southern indian ocean .
the united nations is preparing to become the first country in the world to become the next president of the united states .
the number of grey seal pups found in the north norfolk coast has reached a record high , according to the national trust .
a kentucky clerk has gone on trial in kentucky for refusing to issue marriage licences to gay couples .
north korea says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile on its border with north korea .
belfast boxer adam donnelly has announced his retirement from boxing at the rio olympics .
a video has been released of a video appearing to show mental health problems with mental health issues .
police in australia have launched a series of counter - terrorism measures to combat so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
prime minister david cameron has spoken out for the first time since the death of her husband david cameron .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has confirmed that a us air strike on yemen 's capital , sanaa , has been hit by an air strike .
the head of canada 's largest animal charity , francis tomas , has said it will stop selling animal species in captivity .
fertility campaigners have called for the introduction of ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
a child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
a high court judge has dismissed the government 's decision to impose legal action against the uk 's air quality agency -lrb- advance -rrb- .
a woman has been found dead in a coffee coffee restaurant in sydney , officials say .
one of the most devastating trees in the world has been described as ` ` devastating '' by scientists .
hundreds of homes at a londonderry shopping centre have been evacuated after a gas leak .
an mp has apologised after a fire broke out in a fire that left a man with severe burns .
a new # 150 m hospital in somerset has been given the go - ahead by the government .
donegal 's rory mcilroy and donegal 's gallagher rory have been ruled out of saturday 's ulster sfc quarter - final against donegal in galway .
sinn féin 's gerry seeley has said she is ` ` deeply committed '' to be a member of the public .
a dog had a lucky escape after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt , the rspca has said .
a study into the construction of a stretch of the m74 motorway in glasgow has concluded that the construction of the m8 was ` ` not acceptable '' .
a report into allegations of child sexual abuse at haverfordwest council has found no evidence of child sex abuse .
the result of the scottish independence referendum was a ` ` conservative '' , according to former scottish secretary alistair darling .
hearts have signed striker bjorn johnsen on a two - year deal after his release by hearts .
all pictures are copyrighted .
great britain 's simone biles won gold in the women 's 3 m hurdles at the european championships in rio .
the number of people suffering from mental health problems in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , figures show .
hundreds of people have been killed in a landslide in the northern indian town of burials .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the allocation of tickets for euro 2016 .
glamorgan fast bowler timm van der gugten says he is ` ` very confident '' he will be fit for the 2016 season .
a man arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in coleraine has been released on bail .
former manchester united and england captain johan cruyff has died at the age of 83 .
louis van gaal has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
one of tanzania 's most prominent academics has called for a ban on gay people in tanzania .
two shots have been fired at a police station in the german city of duesseldorf , police say .
a high court judge has launched a legal challenge against plans to build a landmark building on the river thames in oxford .
one of the uk 's most popular films , the lion king , is to be released by the uk 's new film director .
two brothers accused of trying to join so - called islamic state in syria have gone on trial in syria .
a man has been charged in connection with a gun attack in edinburgh city centre .
three men have been charged in connection with a series of sex offences in lincolnshire .
the family of a boy who died in a plane crash in corfu have called for a review of the impact of the tragedy .
formula 1 's formula 1 grand prix is one of the greatest sporting stories in formula 1 's history .
hearts director of football craig levein says the club 's director of football craig levein is the best player in the club 's history .
british number two heather watson is through to the second round of the women 's singles at wimbledon .
star wars : the force awakens has been named best picture of the year at the us film awards .
sir terry wogan is to return to the west end next year , the bbc has announced .
the nobel prize for literature -lrb- unauthorised -rrb- has won the prestigious literary prize for the first time .
britain 's runcorn runcorn has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world championships .
a man has been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
a man who went missing from a norfolk hospital has returned to the public for the first time in more than two years .
hungary is one of hungary 's most important countries .
ukip has written to the party 's chief executive for a row over a row over a controversial assembly election campaign .
britain 's mo farah set a new world record to win gold at the world indoor championships in london .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme is one of the world 's most dangerous food producers .
a british man has been arrested in pakistan in connection with the murder of a british man who was shot dead in the capital , kampala .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has accused hillary clinton of sexual assault against hillary clinton in the us presidential election .
a baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop in conwy county .
nathan cleverly will defend his wba light - heavyweight title against juergen braehmer at the german grand prix .
police are investigating a petrol bomb attack on a petrol bomb in strabane , county antrim .
plans for a new forest centre in nottinghamshire have been given the go - ahead by nottinghamshire county council .
actress keira knightley is to star in a new stage adaptation of the new star wars film .
the greek government has said it will not rule out the removal of the elgin marbles from the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
a woman accused of sexually abusing two young girls has told a court she was ` ` shocked '' by the trial .
south africa have appointed south africa 's domingo russell domingo as their new head coach .
leicester tigers scrum - half aaron morris has signed a new three - year contract with the premiership club .
david cameron has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of zimbabwe 's capital , harare , in clashes between police and security forces .
