the un chief of eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , confirmed tuesday that key elections would be held here on april ## as part of local ballots throughout croatia .
business at taiwan 's theme parks and resorts grew significantly in the first quarter of this year compared to q# last year , the tourism bureau said thursday , attributing the growth to the government 's shopping voucher program and other promotion efforts .
overcrowding and lack of illumination at exit points at konkola stadium in UNK province of zambia were among the major lapses that led to a stampede resulting in the death of ## soccer fans after an africa cup qualifier between zambia and congo UNK on june # , this year , sports minister gabriel UNK told the parliament thursday .
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on friday that will allow us airlines to carry freight to asian destinations via the territory .
even some of his rivals in the roland garros locker-room are hoping that roger federer can create a bit of tennis history by winning all four grand slams .
chinese lawmakers on thursday adopted a law amendment to better protect the country 's more than ## million disabled , in the run-up to the beijing #### paralympics in september .
future generations of switzerland will have to pay a heavy price for the standard of living currently enjoyed by swiss men and women , swiss radio international -lrb- sri -rrb- reported friday .
the united states has further restricted iran 's access to the us financial system by banning certain types of fund transfers , the treasury department said thursday .
cox news service atlanta -- the dow jones industrial average , which ended #### slightly in the red , came roaring back monday to close above ##,### for the first time in # #\/# years .
fourteen men accused of membership of organised crime gangs and involvement in a savage europe-wide vendetta go on trial wednesday at UNK in southern italy .
led by a lone ivory coast army pickup truck , french and west african military convoys set off in jeeps and armored vehicles friday on a mission to secure the lawless west after civil war .
in a policy shift , israel arrested more than ## islamic jihad militants in the west bank overnight , following a series of attacks by the group against israeli targets , military sources said .
germany 's aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy won their first major title when they claimed pairs gold at european figure skating championships here on wednesday .
a detained iranian-american academic accused of acting against national security has been released from a tehran prison after a hefty bail was posted , a top judiciary official said tuesday .
malaysia 's national car maker proton expects to export its cars to russia by early next year to boost its overseas sales , a company official said tuesday .
german chancellor angela merkel presides monday over a key annual congress of her party -- which has been divided over her response to the financial crisis -- ahead of federal elections in #### .
a french crocodile farm said thursday it had stepped up efforts to breed one of the world 's most endangered species , the indian UNK , with the hope of ultimately returning animals to their habitat in south asia .
ten bulgarians involved in trafficking women to france to work as prostitutes have been arrested following a joint operation by bulgarian and french authorities , the national investigation service said friday .
the u.s.-based UNK llc and the i-shou university in southern taiwan signed a memorandum thursday to jointly develop the micro and nano technologies for UNK use .
remarks by president george w. bush announcing the end of major combat operations in iraq thursday evening from the deck of the aircraft carrier uss abraham lincoln : UNK
india were ###-# at tea in their second innings on the fifth and final day of the third test against australia at the feroz shah kotla stadium here on sunday .
the somali town of jowhar , the last stronghold of the us-backed warlords , on wednesday girded for new clashes after three powerful militia chiefs fled the township as their enemies were reportedly within striking distance , residents said .
a japanese man hanged himself in taiwan sunday after the asian champions failed to secure a single victory in the world cup , a report said .
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after he admitted pummelling his baby son to death to silence him while watching television .
the supreme court late wednesday granted the bush administration 's request to transfer the terrorism suspect jose padilla from military to civilian custody , ending an odd two-week standoff over where he should be held while the justices decide whether to hear his case .
the stability of hong kong 's stockmarket will continue after july #st , when the territory is handed by to china , central monetary authority president joseph yam said here monday .
four children were killed and another three wounded thursday when an old mortar fuse exploded as they played with it in afghanistan 's capital , police said .
boeing co. , faced with a record number of commercial aircraft orders , signed an agreement that will give it the help of rival mcdonnell douglas corp. in developing larger jumbo jets .
united microelectronics corp. -lrb- umc -rrb- , the world 's second largest contract chipmaker , said wednesday it saw a slight drop in sales in november as a result of the new taiwan dollar 's surge against the u.s. dollar .
republican presidential candidate mitt romney has stashed ## million dollars in his #### war chest this year , outpacing party front-runner rudolph giuliani in a key early test of the white house race .
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which crashed tuesday in the north caucasus , killing the ## people on board , the ministry for emergencies said wednesday .
the master plan for ground zero is unraveling , which is not necessarily bad news .
hours after being lightly wounded by a suicide bomber , a senior saudi prince largely credited with the kingdom 's aggressive anti-terrorism efforts said friday he was more determined than ever to fight militants in the country .
president george w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of the state department 's counterterrorism office , to become civilian administrator in iraq and oversee the country 's transition to democratic rule .
while jury deliberations continued in the trial of richard m. scrushy , the former chief executive of healthsouth , a separate healthsouth criminal case came to an end friday morning with the acquittal of two former executives on federal bribery charges .
there is no `` imminent crisis '' that would require a special legislative session to fix a mistake in a new law that lets residents of any age -- even toddlers -- marry with parental consent , arkansas governor mike beebe said monday .
communist members of the russian parliament have drawn up a draft law that would roll back many of the economic reforms president boris yeltsin launched in #### , the new york times said friday .
scoreboard of the sharjah cup one-day international between india and pakistan here on monday : UNK
israelis and palestinians must take immediate steps to implement an internationally backed `` road map '' to mideast peace because it `` is vital that -lrb- our -rrb- two peoples feel something is changing on the ground , '' palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas said in comments published wednesday .
a powerful bomb exploded outside a navy base near the sri lankan capital colombo tuesday , seriously wounding at least one person , military officials said .
poland 's main opposition party tuesday endorsed president lech walesa in an upcoming presidential run-off election after a reformed communist won the first round of voting .
palestinian security forces on thursday captured two palestinian prisoners , including the killer of an israeli taxi driver , who had escaped the day before , a senior official said .
an independent pakistani human rights commission said tuesday that rioting that killed eight christians last week was not spontaneous but was planned by the attackers , some of whom belong to an al-qaida-linked group .
france said on monday it was seeking the release of an UNK solider who was reportedly captured by an armed palestinian group at the weekend , and had made contact with all parties involved .
