Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for # 23million .  Transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440m since 2004 .  James Rodriguez , Pepe and Radamel Falcao among those sold by Porto .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .  He died in London two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .  Mr Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn .  He remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
Sir Philip Carter died at his home on Thursday morning after a short illness .  Carter served Everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .  Toffees chairman Bill Kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader '
Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .  Reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .  Meanwhile , names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .
A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook .  Danny Cevallos : Why not let people be found via social media ?
England manager Roy Hodgson appears to still not know his best XI .  Sportsmail 's top team of reporters reveal their England Euro 2016 line-ups .  England are currently top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group E on 15 points .
Newcastle take on Liverpool on Monday night at Anfield .  The Magpies have not won away at Liverpool since 1994 .  Newcastle have lost their last four games scoring just one goal .  John Carver 's side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
The couple are in their 50s and from Cleveland , Ohio .  Ship with 1,500 passengers aboard left Tampa , Florida , for a two-week Caribbean cruise on Sunday .  The bodies were discovered Thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth hospital in Merseyside .  Hopes Ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in general election .  Branded David Dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' in the rant .  Murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on Saddleworth Moor .  He hopes that Ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing David Cameron 's views as ` the usual mob-pleasing PR drivel expected from such bovines ' .  The political leaders are unworthy of ` even being assassinated ' .  Voters must choose between ` public school millionaires ' or a ` refugee , privileged German Jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to Ed Miliband , whose Belgian father fled the Nazis .  After ` half-a-century 's imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are Tory voters . He also scoffs at the PM 's ` disgust ' over the possibility of convicted killers getting the vote by saying he ` could n't care less about voting ' .  Branded Question Time ` for the dumb ' with the ` same old party hacks ' and labelled host David Dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' .  Claims he does not like the BBC and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from Al Jazeera .
Advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named Coalition .  Greens claim main parties are all ` singing from the same hymn sheet '  Mocks Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip for agreeing on austerity .  The film will first be broadcast at 5.55 pm on Thursday night on BBC2 .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed .  England will resume the match against Norway from the penalty spot .  The Elite Round qualifier resumes in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45 pm .  Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England 's penalty on Saturday .  England were 2-1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute .  German Kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .  Three Lions earn 3-1 victory against Switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for European Championship qualification .  Norway beat Northern Ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in Group 4 .  It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA .  Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident .  READ : Graham Poll 's expert verdict on UEFA 's bizarre decision .
