With the confirmation of Danilo 's summer switch to Real Madrid , Porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .  Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .  Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago .
Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter passed away on Thursday .  He was 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association .  Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name , data from the Office of National Statistics shows .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .  GIRLS .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  What exactly is `` service of process '' ?  Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit of course .  Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below .  IAN LADYMAN .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday .  Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League .  Newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe 's stunning volley .
A team of FBI investigators boarded the MS Ryndam after a Cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in San Juan , Puerto Rico .  The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt.  Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press .  Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .
Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley .  The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .
Now the Green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .  The video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .  The advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
England 's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 .  The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .  England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women 's Championships qualifier in Belfast .
