General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car -LRB- shown -RRB- .  It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . '
Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands .  The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
The worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .  A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .  But the HSE denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .  Last night , former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion , now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England , accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden .  The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .  But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala .  It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .
As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20 , the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six-month ban .  Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension .
The 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- .  Paul Armstrong , 26 , of Sunderland , flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager .  But after a spending spree on the trip , Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .  The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , Europe could fine Google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .
The 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .
The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 .  John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .  A memorial at Valley Parade pays tribute those who died in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago .
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .  The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 .  Rory McIlroy -LRB- left -RRB- battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer .
After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show -LRB- above -RRB- and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .  Just last week eight gang members were killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El Salvador .  In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred .
Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  After the photo began circulating the web , Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks , reports EAG News .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- from the Libyan port of Misrata , according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces .  Rome -LRB- CNN -RRB- The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily , the Italian military said Friday .  An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the Italian Navy .  It said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured .
Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust -LRB- UCLH -RRB- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .  When tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .  A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .  The BBC has made light of Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .  The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .  Mr Lagercrantz , known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps .
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .  Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .
The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .  Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
The image , which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S , has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .  The world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment . '  An offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans .
The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices .  A further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .  More than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .  Campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- left in 2001 ; right in 2015 -RRB- is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  THE OUTFIT .
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .  However , FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .  Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .  Kurtes has been sent home from the European Women 's U19 qualifiers after her mistake .
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .  Floyd Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 .  Total cost , according to his favourite website TMZ , is $ 25,000 .
The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States .  But as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  Diminished : At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .
The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King , a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham , east London , who retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  The alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .
The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .  The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe , on show in Ljubljana .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia .  Neanderthals may have created and worn the world 's first jewellery 130,000 years ago , according to scientists .  The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .
