Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .  While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on May 12 .  The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry .  -LRB- CNN -RRB- Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  And they are struggling in the aftermath .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .  In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , The Sun reported .  A dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters .  Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history .  Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .  The 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss , whose home in Brooklyn , New York , was also destroyed .  A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery .
Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music . '  I did it ' : Chris Plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of Sanchez .
The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .  Following all his inspired charity work , Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .  The 37-year-old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football .
Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- scored QPR 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns .  The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .  Victor Anichebe -LRB- left -RRB- headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench .
Andy Murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against Novak Djokovic in the mens final .  World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  Djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating Murray in the final of the Miami Open .
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal Kim Kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in America .  The Miami-based Latina , who has already been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .  Pneumatic proportions ... but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to Kathy , who works for a skin cosmetics firm .
Residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .  Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central London to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .  Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required ' .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- The victory of a 72-year-old former general , Muhammadu Buhari , in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics .  Buhari , who some 30 years ago was Nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been .  swath .  Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption .  Get the army functioning properly again , Nigerians hope , and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists .  But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history .  And the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites .  For too long , Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .  The cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries .  The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .
Suspended : The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning .  Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .  He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen .  A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .  Dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters in Augusta .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era , those being Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Ben Hogan , Gary Player and Gene Sarazen .  McIlroy was all smiles with his caddy Niall Horan of One Direction during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday .
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious , says Joe Calzaghe .  Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight .  Mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout .
Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June .  Manchester City 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent .  Striker - James Wilson -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- .
Ed Miliband 's US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .  David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .  However , Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves .  Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .
The 30-year-old hit five in Real 's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .  All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday .  Ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season .
Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium .  Despite the defeat , Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time .
Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican .  Their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical , though it is still highly unlikely .  An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white .  But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins .  They are one in a million .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! '  While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .  In the video , Elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white .
Labour leader Ed Miliband , on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show -LRB- left -RRB- , has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over # 2million .  The annual levy will hit his own home in north London -LRB- right -RRB- .  Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for the same property .  Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday 's derby clash with Newcastle .  Sunderland vs Newcastle United -LRB- Stadium of Light -RRB- .  Lee Cattermole trains with Sunderland on the Friday before the Wear-Tyne derby .
Sofia , the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .  But now Sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .  Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .  The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real .  The Mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send Real Madrid through to the semi-finals .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .  The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .  The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .
For the first time in the annals of boxing -- as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .  Tyson Fury , pictured in action against Dereck Chisora , is Klitschko 's mandatory challenger for the WBO title .  Floyd Mayweather with girlfriend Doralie Medina -LRB- left -RRB- and Manny Pacquiao with his wife Jinkee -LRB- right -RRB- .
Ramsey 's QPR , who face Pulis 's West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday , are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table -- four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .  Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League .  Ramsey claims Pulis ` is one of the best coaches in Britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice .
Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .  Located in the heart of downtown Toronto , the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada 's largest city and Lake Ontario .  Victoria Peak , Hong Kong .
Luis Suarez torments a less-than-fit David Luiz on a night to forget at Parc des Princes for the Brazilian .  Suarez celebrates as he scores a double in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday night .  Standing tall or rooted to the ground ?  This web jokester likens Luiz to Paris 's famous Eiffel Tower .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie .  The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games .
The plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho .  The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .  Passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , Indian media reported .
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .  Mrs Miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .  But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League .  Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor .  Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ` It would be a shame for Burnley to go down . '
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer .  Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club .
At its annual conference in Harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .  Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .  WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch took part in a Poker tournament in Lenton .  Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. -LRB- right -RRB- in Las Vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu .  Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team 's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .  Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid .
