The experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .  The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .  The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' I am not racist ' .  She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .  She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .  Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .  It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .  The dispute rumbled on , with Mrs Alexander , 54 , claiming that the trees knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England .  Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League .  Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season .
Paula Dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .  Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia , where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for one week after the April 6 video surfaced .  But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .  Michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .
It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .  Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham -LRB- left -RRB- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .  She sat out the rest of the debate .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .  A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .  In particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .  The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .  Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .  Now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts , Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the Bangkok Post .  A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama , Syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria .  A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .  The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth , Birmingham .  However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .  Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .
Unfortunately Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .  On Sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon .  For one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route .
` Time to shine ' : Nasr Bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with Google Street View as a chance to ` shine ' The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .  His plan ?  To get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the Street View map .
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks I 've ever experienced ' .  Aston Villa winger Shaun Maloney -LRB- right -RRB- scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors .  Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane -LRB- left -RRB- looks frustrated during his country 's draw with Poland .
The four-poster oak wood bed -LRB- above -RRB- , which was dumped in the car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by DNA as once belonging to King Henry VII .  Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , by builders who were renovating the property .
Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter .  If convicted , he faces up to four years in prison .  That 's apparently what happened in Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , Robert Bates , killed Eric Harris .  Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .  Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend .  The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
Using a human as their base , pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  These two Australian dogs have got talent !
With plenty at stake for both United and City -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub .  Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .  However , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday , accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .  Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match .  Mustafa Kamal , pictured with the Cricket World Cup trophy , has stepped down as ICC President .
The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood , who won the title last Friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Simon as an eight year old after winning the chance to spend a day in a hotel kitchen .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .  Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .  Perfect pair : Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in Waupaca , Michigan .
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .  His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' .
Revelation : Lorraine Bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of Carmela in The Sopranos and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi .  The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .  Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .  Now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .  The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .
The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .  HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 .
The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon .  But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin .  Their Chipotle lunch became a media storm .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  Now mentor Ricky Wilson , his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora , Tom Jones and Will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success .  Because it 's not just a hit single Stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .  Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .  The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .
That 's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney , with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .  COUTURE CREATIONS .  STRONG IS THE NEW SKINNY .
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month .  Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire .
Steven Finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place .  Finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' Finn smiles as he helps launch ECB 's Club Open Days on Tuesday at Brondesbury Cricket Club .
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week , and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .  Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia , Alex Perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .  Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA , Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .  More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .  The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .  Brendan Rodgers says that a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling is wanted by Manchester City this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .
The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club , on Baker Street in central London , and confiscated illegally imported fins .  Charity Bite-Back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after Jason Chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .  One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .
The Australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  Delayed : Qantas have been told they could loose thier eight Heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport .  Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT .  Starrs , along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .  Both Starrs and Tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses .
Carl Froch -LRB- left -RRB- has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .  Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now .  Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .  The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .  Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO .
Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother Jacques , 20 , in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web .  At Bolton Coroner 's Court today , Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . '  A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .
Gerrard will miss Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension .  Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- trains alongside Rickie Lambert at Melwood on Monday .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler , pictured with Kenny Dalglish , says Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard .
Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .  The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .  Kansans , like citizens of many other states , are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare .
-LRB- The Hollywood Reporter -RRB- Richard Dysart , the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick , long-running NBC drama `` L.A. Law , '' has died .  He was 86 .  Dysart , who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning `` That Championship Season , '' died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness , his wife , artist Kathryn Jacobi , told The Hollywood Reporter .  Hollywood Reporter : Q&A with Liz Smith .
However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .  The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .  An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  Mr Keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .
Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .  They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .  Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .  The militants stormed the Central Prison of Mukalla with machine guns and rocket launchers during a midnight raid on Thursday .
The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .  The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island , off South Korea 's southern coast .  The captain of the first coast guard ship sent to rescue the Sewol passengers was found guilty of negligence and making false reports .
Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .  The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
In 2008 , Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .  Overnight , she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely .  A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters .  It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia .
The source of these attacks ?  North Korea .  And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  They shared this data with CNN .  The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean .  Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down , while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals , or transfer money online .
The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports People 's Daily Online .  Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .  Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the CEO of a dietary supplements company .  Former first lady Maureen McDonnell , left , was sentenced to a year and a day .  The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle , authorities said .  Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .  He later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more .  Tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .  Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .  Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .  Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of Africa .  The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  But last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .  Defeated : Napoleon -LRB- illustrated -RRB- lost at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 .
With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page .  Jackson Byrnes -LRB- pictured -RRB- is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery .  Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .  This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties , reports NZ Herald .  Hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
Looking radiant , Daphne Selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .  In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame .  Daphne took part in the Dare To Wear campaign in 2014 for the Trafford Center in Manchester .
People are beside themselves in shock .  Their biggest concern now is the structures , needing a place for shelter , to hide from the elements and sleep .  Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .  Fallen : Nepal 's historic landmarks .  Those who survived -- and those who did n't .
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .  The 28-year-old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .  A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub .
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .  A New York City skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .  With these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like ' a Dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client .  But that has n't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location .
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers .  Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond .  They bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South , with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double .
Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly , 67 .  Though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .  The average woman spends # 136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year .  Susan Owens has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels .
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .  Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  Blunder : Charity runners taking part in yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run -LRB- pictured -RRB- were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .
Zella Jackson Price -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .  When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space .  The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .  The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of ` streams of wounded ' .
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina after being extradited from Florida .  At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey , Florida .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , Pasco County Sheriff 's officials said .  She claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter .
Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather .  The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .  The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone -LRB- centre left -RRB- for visiting him at the gym .
` Revenge ' : Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon -LRB- both pictured -RRB- , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .  The defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .  As he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .
Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .  Confusion over Ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the Tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .  Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .  The rare Bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years .
These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .  Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011 .  A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .  Now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .  However , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .  Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks .
