Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .  While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on May 12 .  The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry .  -LRB- CNN -RRB- Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  And they are struggling in the aftermath .
The experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .  The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .
With the confirmation of Danilo 's summer switch to Real Madrid , Porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .  Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .  In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , The Sun reported .  A dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .  The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' I am not racist ' .  She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters .  Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history .  Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .  She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .  Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .  The 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss , whose home in Brooklyn , New York , was also destroyed .  A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery .
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam on Saturday .  Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for Fabregas .  The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam , the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal .
Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music . '  I did it ' : Chris Plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of Sanchez .
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .  It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .  The dispute rumbled on , with Mrs Alexander , 54 , claiming that the trees knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead .  The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin 's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city 's Inchicore suburb .  Catherine and Tom Nevin on their wedding day .  The 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead .
The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .  Following all his inspired charity work , Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .  The 37-year-old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football .
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- scored QPR 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns .  The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .  Victor Anichebe -LRB- left -RRB- headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench .
Skating with a full face mask during practice , the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the Detroit Free Press reports .  The Red Wings ' Drew Miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . '  I feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' Miller said at practice on Wednesday .  ` Very lucky '
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England .  Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League .  Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season .
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .  These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and another for iOS software power systems engineer -LRB- pictured right -RRB- .  At least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .  Audio playback : The battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music .
Andy Murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against Novak Djokovic in the mens final .  World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  Djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating Murray in the final of the Miami Open .
Paula Dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .  Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .  Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago .
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia , where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for one week after the April 6 video surfaced .  But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola , now three months old .  A mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .  Tech-savvy mum Chloe , who designed the new app , with baby Lola , now three months .
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .  Michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car -LRB- shown -RRB- .  It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . '
It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .  Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham -LRB- left -RRB- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .  She sat out the rest of the debate .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .  A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .  In particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .  The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal Kim Kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in America .  The Miami-based Latina , who has already been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .  Pneumatic proportions ... but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to Kathy , who works for a skin cosmetics firm .
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .  Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .  Now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts , Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
Residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .  Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central London to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .  Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required ' .
Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands .  The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the Bangkok Post .  A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .
The worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .  A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- The victory of a 72-year-old former general , Muhammadu Buhari , in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics .  Buhari , who some 30 years ago was Nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been .  swath .  Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption .  Get the army functioning properly again , Nigerians hope , and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists .  But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history .  And the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites .  For too long , Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .  The cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries .  The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama , Syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria .  A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .  The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth , Birmingham .  However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .  Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .
Suspended : The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning .  Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .  He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen .  A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .  Dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed .
The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .  They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
Unfortunately Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .  On Sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon .  For one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route .
` Time to shine ' : Nasr Bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with Google Street View as a chance to ` shine ' The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .  His plan ?  To get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the Street View map .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters in Augusta .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era , those being Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Ben Hogan , Gary Player and Gene Sarazen .  McIlroy was all smiles with his caddy Niall Horan of One Direction during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday .
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks I 've ever experienced ' .  Aston Villa winger Shaun Maloney -LRB- right -RRB- scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors .  Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane -LRB- left -RRB- looks frustrated during his country 's draw with Poland .
The four-poster oak wood bed -LRB- above -RRB- , which was dumped in the car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by DNA as once belonging to King Henry VII .  Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , by builders who were renovating the property .
Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter .  If convicted , he faces up to four years in prison .  That 's apparently what happened in Tulsa , Oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , Robert Bates , killed Eric Harris .  Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .  Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend .  The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter passed away on Thursday .  He was 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association .  Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .
Using a human as their base , pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  These two Australian dogs have got talent !
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .  A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing .  Confident : Dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the Chicago area .
With plenty at stake for both United and City -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub .  Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .  However , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday , accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .  Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match .  Mustafa Kamal , pictured with the Cricket World Cup trophy , has stepped down as ICC President .
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious , says Joe Calzaghe .  Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight .  Mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout .
Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .  But the HSE denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .  Last night , former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion , now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England , accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood , who won the title last Friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Simon as an eight year old after winning the chance to spend a day in a hotel kitchen .
Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June .  Manchester City 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent .  Striker - James Wilson -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .  Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .  Perfect pair : Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in Waupaca , Michigan .
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden .  The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
Muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of Bayern 's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Allianz Arena to secure their place in the last four .  Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .  It was the World Cup winner 's 27th Champions League goal , taking him past former Bayern team-mate Mario Gomez and making him the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .
Domenico Rancadore , who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .  His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' .
Revelation : Lorraine Bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of Carmela in The Sopranos and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi .  The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .  Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .  Now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .  The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .
Ed Miliband 's US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .  David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .
The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .  HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 .
The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon .  But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin .  Their Chipotle lunch became a media storm .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name , data from the Office of National Statistics shows .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .  GIRLS .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  Now mentor Ricky Wilson , his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora , Tom Jones and Will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success .  Because it 's not just a hit single Stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , who now lives in Miami , has a BA degree in creative writing and classics .  She now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the Huffington Post and an author of The Karma Queens ' Guide to Relationships .  But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .  A life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .  Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .  The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .
That 's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney , with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .  COUTURE CREATIONS .  STRONG IS THE NEW SKINNY .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .  But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala .  It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month .  Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire .
Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .  Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding ' The report forms just part of a long list released by East of England ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .  But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest .
As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20 , the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six-month ban .  Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension .
Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque , the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris .  The newly-opened Parisian hotel , Maison Souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights .  Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge , this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess .
Steven Finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place .  Finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' Finn smiles as he helps launch ECB 's Club Open Days on Tuesday at Brondesbury Cricket Club .
The 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- .  Paul Armstrong , 26 , of Sunderland , flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager .  But after a spending spree on the trip , Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week , and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .  Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia , Alex Perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .  Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA , Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .  More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .  The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .  Brendan Rodgers says that a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling is wanted by Manchester City this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .
The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club , on Baker Street in central London , and confiscated illegally imported fins .  Charity Bite-Back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after Jason Chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .  One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .  The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , Europe could fine Google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .
The 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .  However , Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves .  Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .
The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 .  John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .  A memorial at Valley Parade pays tribute those who died in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago .
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .  The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 .  Rory McIlroy -LRB- left -RRB- battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer .
After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show -LRB- above -RRB- and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .
The Australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  Delayed : Qantas have been told they could loose thier eight Heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport .  Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT .  Starrs , along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .  Both Starrs and Tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses .
The 30-year-old hit five in Real 's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .  All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday .  Ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad .  Former England star Andrew Flintoff thiks time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career .  The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket .
Carl Froch -LRB- left -RRB- has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .  Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now .  Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .  The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .  Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO .
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .  Just last week eight gang members were killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El Salvador .  In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred .
Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium .  Despite the defeat , Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time .
Stopping in Manchester for the side 's northern-based players and staff before moving on to London , players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend .  England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night 's 1-1 draw with Italy .  The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay .
Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  After the photo began circulating the web , Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks , reports EAG News .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -LRB- 56 miles -RRB- from the Libyan port of Misrata , according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces .  Rome -LRB- CNN -RRB- The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily , the Italian military said Friday .  An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the Italian Navy .  It said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured .
Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother Jacques , 20 , in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web .  At Bolton Coroner 's Court today , Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . '  A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .
Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican .  Their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical , though it is still highly unlikely .  An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white .  But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins .  They are one in a million .
The new ` Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .  The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .  Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor , a full 2,350 feet below them .
Gerrard will miss Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension .  Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- trains alongside Rickie Lambert at Melwood on Monday .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler , pictured with Kenny Dalglish , says Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard .
-LRB- CNN -RRB- Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  What exactly is `` service of process '' ?  Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .
Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust -LRB- UCLH -RRB- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .  When tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit of course .  Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below .  IAN LADYMAN .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .  A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .  The BBC has made light of Jeremy Clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show .
Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .  The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .  Kansans , like citizens of many other states , are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! '  While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .  In the video , Elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white .
-LRB- The Hollywood Reporter -RRB- Richard Dysart , the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick , long-running NBC drama `` L.A. Law , '' has died .  He was 86 .  Dysart , who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize-winning `` That Championship Season , '' died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness , his wife , artist Kathryn Jacobi , told The Hollywood Reporter .  Hollywood Reporter : Q&A with Liz Smith .
However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .  The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .  An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
Tragedy : Louise Shepherd , 31 , from Cobham , Surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .  Ms Shepherd , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones , both 30 .  Hannah Shepherd said today that she herself was nearly killed at the same time as her sister .
Labour leader Ed Miliband , on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show -LRB- left -RRB- , has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over # 2million .  The annual levy will hit his own home in north London -LRB- right -RRB- .  Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for the same property .  Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  Mr Keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday .  Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League .  Newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe 's stunning volley .
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs .  Mick McCarthy 's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on Saturday .  Kenny Jackett is still hopeful his Wolves side can secure a Championship play-off spot despite the 1-1 draw .
Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .  They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .  Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .  The militants stormed the Central Prison of Mukalla with machine guns and rocket launchers during a midnight raid on Thursday .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .  The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .  Mr Lagercrantz , known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps .
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday 's derby clash with Newcastle .  Sunderland vs Newcastle United -LRB- Stadium of Light -RRB- .  Lee Cattermole trains with Sunderland on the Friday before the Wear-Tyne derby .
Sofia , the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .  But now Sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .  Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity .
The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .  The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island , off South Korea 's southern coast .  The captain of the first coast guard ship sent to rescue the Sewol passengers was found guilty of negligence and making false reports .
Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .  The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .  The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real .  The Mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send Real Madrid through to the semi-finals .
In 2008 , Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .  Overnight , she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely .  A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters .  It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia .
The source of these attacks ?  North Korea .  And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  They shared this data with CNN .  The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean .  Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down , while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals , or transfer money online .
The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports People 's Daily Online .  Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .  Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .  The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .  The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the CEO of a dietary supplements company .  Former first lady Maureen McDonnell , left , was sentenced to a year and a day .  The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
A team of FBI investigators boarded the MS Ryndam after a Cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in San Juan , Puerto Rico .  The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt.  Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press .  Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle , authorities said .  Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .  He later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more .  Tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .  Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley .  The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .  Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .
The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .  Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
For the first time in the annals of boxing -- as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .  Tyson Fury , pictured in action against Dereck Chisora , is Klitschko 's mandatory challenger for the WBO title .  Floyd Mayweather with girlfriend Doralie Medina -LRB- left -RRB- and Manny Pacquiao with his wife Jinkee -LRB- right -RRB- .
Hillary Clinton 's now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end .  Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha , Nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .  Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if Scooby had been left unattended .
Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .  Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .  Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of Africa .  The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  But last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .  Defeated : Napoleon -LRB- illustrated -RRB- lost at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 .
The image , which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S , has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .  The world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment . '  An offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans .
The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices .  A further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .  More than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .  Campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page .  Jackson Byrnes -LRB- pictured -RRB- is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery .  Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .
Ramsey 's QPR , who face Pulis 's West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday , are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table -- four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .  Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League .  Ramsey claims Pulis ` is one of the best coaches in Britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .  Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season .  Adam Lallana -LRB- left -RRB- was back in training for Liverpool as they prepare to take on West Brom .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .  This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties , reports NZ Herald .  Hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .  With 47 % compared to only 40 % of men .  Just under half -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men .  But this affects women more so than men , a new survey has revealed .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
Looking radiant , Daphne Selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .  In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame .  Daphne took part in the Dare To Wear campaign in 2014 for the Trafford Center in Manchester .
Last Week Tonight host John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it .  The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .  In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency .
People are beside themselves in shock .  Their biggest concern now is the structures , needing a place for shelter , to hide from the elements and sleep .  Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .  Fallen : Nepal 's historic landmarks .  Those who survived -- and those who did n't .
Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- left in 2001 ; right in 2015 -RRB- is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  THE OUTFIT .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .  The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night .  Sterling and Daniel Sturridge share a joke in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood base .
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .  However , FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .  Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .  Kurtes has been sent home from the European Women 's U19 qualifiers after her mistake .
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .  The 28-year-old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .  A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub .
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .  A New York City skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .  With these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like ' a Dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client .  But that has n't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location .
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers .  Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond .  They bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South , with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double .
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .  Floyd Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 .  Total cost , according to his favourite website TMZ , is $ 25,000 .
Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly , 67 .  Though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .  The average woman spends # 136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year .  Susan Owens has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels .
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .  Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  Blunder : Charity runners taking part in yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run -LRB- pictured -RRB- were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .
Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .  Located in the heart of downtown Toronto , the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada 's largest city and Lake Ontario .  Victoria Peak , Hong Kong .
Luis Suarez torments a less-than-fit David Luiz on a night to forget at Parc des Princes for the Brazilian .  Suarez celebrates as he scores a double in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday night .  Standing tall or rooted to the ground ?  This web jokester likens Luiz to Paris 's famous Eiffel Tower .
Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers ' top flight status .  Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham .  Ramsey 's side face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester to close the season .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .
Zella Jackson Price -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .  When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` Spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .  Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week .  The cannabinoid , also commonly called ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space .  The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .  The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of ` streams of wounded ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina after being extradited from Florida .  At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey , Florida .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , Pasco County Sheriff 's officials said .  She claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter .
Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather .  The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .  The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone -LRB- centre left -RRB- for visiting him at the gym .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie .  The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games .
` Revenge ' : Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon -LRB- both pictured -RRB- , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .  The defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .  As he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .
The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States .  But as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  Diminished : At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .
Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .  Confusion over Ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the Tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .
The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King , a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham , east London , who retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  The alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .  Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .  The rare Bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years .
The plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho .  The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .  Passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , Indian media reported .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .  Mrs Miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .  But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League .  Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor .  Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ` It would be a shame for Burnley to go down . '
These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .  Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011 .  A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .
The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .  The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .
The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer .  Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club .
Now the Green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .  The video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .  The advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .  Now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .
At its annual conference in Harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .  Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .  However , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .  Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks .
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe , on show in Ljubljana .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia .  Neanderthals may have created and worn the world 's first jewellery 130,000 years ago , according to scientists .  The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .  WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch took part in a Poker tournament in Lenton .  Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. -LRB- right -RRB- in Las Vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury .
England 's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 .  The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .  England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women 's Championships qualifier in Belfast .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu .  Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team 's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .  Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid .
