danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   porto and brazil have won the last eight of this year 's champions league .   rodriguez was sold on to monaco in 2004 champions league .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn .   mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll '   mr carroll could still be elected as an mp despite dying two days ago .   carroll died following a battle with cancer .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .   carter also served as president of football league and a vice-president of the football association .   sir philip died peacefully at home on thursday morning after a short illness .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   in 2013 , it did n't make the top 1,000 .   gary lineker was jailed for 16 years for sex attacks on girls .
serving people with legal papers is `` service of process '' in new york .   judge : if you are going to sue , you should know about it .   he says it 's an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband .
england face italy in the euro 2016 qualifier on tuesday .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have won the finals in france .   england captain wayne rooney and luke shaw are on the scoresheet .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove they face liverpool on monday night .   united have lost four on the spin - but carver admits he does not know where their next point is due from .   the head coach is hoping to invest in the squad this summer .
the bodies were taken off the ship thursday night by a team of fbi crime scene investigators .   authorities will not say how the couple died .   the ship departed tampa , florida , on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern caribbean .
ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .   brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent .
green party has set it to music , with new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage .   designed to show that tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   video shows ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano .
the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   leah williamson and leah williamson are second in the group .
