general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a glimpse at mobility of the future .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he heard buzzing from the ground .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when a pedestrian had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
farm worker caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .   member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .
winchester council in hampshire said it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter .   hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   sir andrew motion now president of campaign to protect rural england .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother sandra shemansky , 57 .   the body was discovered at the home they shared in winter garden .   his wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   rancadore 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by end of year for smuggling drugs .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .
abby bishop was 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   now zala is 20 months old and follows bishop .
ben flower punched st helens ' lance hohaia in last season 's grand final .   the 27-year-old made his first appearance since thursday 's match .   coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see him come back .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .   armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   google will have to probe google 's operating system for android smartphones .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   mr smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a natural talent with children .
detective inspector raymond falconer identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire .   bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   martin lost three of his family and has no evidence to suggest the fire may not have been an accident .
rory mcilroy was filmed battling with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown .   mcilroy is a manchester united fan .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   the ice cream was named after the show by ben & jerry 's .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .   barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   food service said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not be as bad as it .   after the photo of her child 's lunch , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .
the boat was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the libyan port of misrata .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .   italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .   ebus patients wait an average of 14 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer .   clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was filmed last july .
the girl in the spider 's web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   mr lagercrantz , known for swedish football star zlatan ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .
some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty .   they are one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his car straight through the front doors of a police station .   the station was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .   police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
the image , believed to come from a religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   university of sydney 's professor says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment '   the number of caesarean surgeries is to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .   last year the world health experts said number of surgeries needed to drop .
five highest-earning nhs dentists paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   thousands of patients struggle to get on books of nhs practices .   further 11 dentists paid between # 400,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   pieces from the meteorite would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
nicola sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in britain .   women become sexier with age , income and office .   in 2001 she dressed her feet into kurt geiger heels .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 qualifier between england and norway to be replayed .   fifa did similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   his favourite website tmz is $ 25,000 .   manny pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on monday as part of the big fight .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   but as the need for the fleet , just over 120 ships remain , so has the number of vessels .   the ships are the ` ghost ' national defense reserve fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need .
david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .   his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   detectives are investigating the alleged killer was living rough .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in new south wales this saturday .   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday .   now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body just a week before her big day .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel .   it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .   all of the farms include the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .
` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .   neanderthals may have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
