cnn hero of the year has been warned not to use main water line to risk of cholera .   koirala 's group is home to 115 girls of sex trafficking .   all of the children have been sleeping .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was '   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act .   prince harry was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at the encore .
justin rose missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour .   rose believes his finish of second at augusta can lead his season .   rose arrived at augusta national and is the first european player to win the us open and masters .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss .   the couple met after they lost their homes and were swept away by the waves .
maren sanchez is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez .   the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
didier drogba hopes to inspire footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year-old scored against leicester on wednesday .   zebeto is one of the children inspired by drogba .
qpr beat west brom 3-0 at the hawthorns on the 35th minute .   bobby zamora scored qpr 's second goal of the game .   chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers ' season .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the mens final .   novak djokovic beat murray novak djokovic in the miami open final at crandon park tennis center on saturday .   murray and djokovic face monte carlo open on saturday .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   pneumatic latina is a ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd .
residents on greville street - near the scene close to farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist .   scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on good friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required '   the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy '   farhana begum , 19 , said : ` this was a
nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's wealth , says buhari buhari .   he says nigeria is the first of its kind in history .   he says the cancer of corruption has now been cut out .
the former soviet state has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials as sun cream and cold drink .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 .
charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus .   terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite rebels .   prince talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , is the grandson of saudi arabia 's founder ibn saud and one of the richest men ion the world .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , including jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman will be the third major he has won in a row at the open .
floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 .   he is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao .   former undefeated world super-middleweight champion calzaghe is confident he can predict .
manchester city 's james milner could leave as a free agent .   england 's premier league clubs set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   johnson is on loan at the world cup .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election win for barack obama .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about the cost of living .   he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane .   but spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor 's wages .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo will be up against alberto bueno at the end of the season .   luis enrique says he will make changes against almeria .
mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for arsenal in the fa cup .   the chelsea player has struggled to win the premier league this season .   steve clarke has been in the form for arsenal since 1994 .
father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall .   miss horton , 28 , is half jamaican .   their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .   it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg .   he then cracks the smaller egg and has a yolk and white inside .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .   estate agents in london are said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the levy will hit his own home in north london .
lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up against newcastle .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland .   wes brown has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee .
sofia , the daughter of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia has said she is trying to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .   sofia has found the daughter at the end of some cruel criticism .
javier hernandez scored against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final .   the mexico international broke down the goal of his life on wednesday night .   real madrid are hoping to buy the man united star 's loan permanent .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season .   the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .   klopp has been linked with a move to the premier league .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the richest fight next friday .   up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into vegas this fight week .   the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas is not profit .
tony pulis face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday .   the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .   ramsey says pulis is one of the best british coaches in britain .
located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario .   toronto 's cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world .   the square formation of rock is one of norway 's top tourist - with more than 200,000 visitors every year .
paris saint-germain beat psg 3-1 at the nou camp on wednesday night .   lionel messi and neymar scored 3-1 lead in the first half .   luis suarez scored a double at parc des princes for the brazilian .
luis suarez scored his second goal for barcelona in the champions league quarter final .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his last 11 games .   suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed .
justine miliband , 44 , fell in love with her husband ed after she got bitten by a dog .   but the labour leader failed to tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party in the north west .   mrs miliband said she was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '   mrs miliband was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend '   but the doberman incident happened in doncaster .
arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league .   arsenal were made to fight for their eighth win in a row at turf moor .   sean dyche 's side are two points from hull city and aston villa .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .   klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five .   at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .
wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton .   froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out .   chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night but has said he is open to facing the brit later this year .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league on wednesday .   javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute .   real defender raphael varane filmed the footage of the supporters .
