thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist '   ` apes were never meant to drive so stop , ' said one of the notes .   she has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk '   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   chloe 's mother named only as isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais 90 minutes after she
council has ruled they can stay .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of alexander 's family .   mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow eating because of the leylandii .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley is now a nun at the university of edinburgh .
jurgen klopp will be a top manager at the end of the season .   germany international mertesacker says klopp would be good fit in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has been linked with arsenal in the bundesliga .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her canterbury branch .   she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining of a jacket .   the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry suspended for one week .   her car had been towed from parking lot of chinese restaurant in virginia .   network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
michael pulman , 33 , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   his mother , joy , never spends money on herself and wears # 5.99 shoes from oxfam .   her son is a divorced father of two .
philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's debate between democratic candidates .   abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .   54 per cent of participants said they would vote for abraham in the democratic primary .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down .   weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
godfrey elfwick appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer .
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants .
a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people .   between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers and speed boats and rescue craft .
a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   each of the images are similar to videos released of british and american hostages who have also beheaded by militants .   the man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' the series of photos .
denise and glen higgs , from devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off in the west midlands .   it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   birmingham city council said they were aware of it .
fitness fans paul and laura elliott have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on special day .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .   the pair live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn .   it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car .   his plan to get the all important selfie - and make an appearance on the street view map .
danny higginbotham calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced '   republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane scored a free-kick .   keane is part of martin o'neill 's backroom staff after his role at aston villa .   keane scored in 1-1 draw with villa on december 15 .
the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson .   dna testing on the bed once belonged to king henry vii .
robert bates was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter .   the former officer , johannes mehserle testified that he had to use his stun gun .   experts say the gun should be on the officer 's side .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig .
border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   using a human as their base , pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   the brief clip is set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .
police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby .   rio ferdinand was thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter-final .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .
matt pliska , a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes '   mikenzy , who has down syndrome , spread an message about friendship when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   ' i just feel like it ... shows our friendship to the list , ' mikenzy said .
leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   sports brand features ` tick ' logo to wearing christian cross .   ban comes after one militant shows popularity of nike among isis fighters .
lorraine bracco said she was first approached to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   lorraine bracco starred opposite ray liotta in goodfellas in 1990 .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .   if he is successful mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo now 's official iphone and ipad app is also rolling out on the app store today .
hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin was spotted with her husband anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan in new york on saturday .   abedin and clinton were seen a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week .   staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .   his mentor ricky wilson is his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc .   leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci scored at dens park .   turkish midfielder ciftci dundee no 1 bain was the lead .   dundee earn first win in a derby for 10 years .
australia 's johanna johnson show the last bottle of champagne drunk on thursday night .   the heels have been taken at the week in sydney .   skin is face bling - akira and michael lo sordo .
matt prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire .   he will lead his own team in the race for the first time .   the former england cricketer is ceo in the chorley grand prix .
steven finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .   finn is the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   finn has spent time since world cup at brondesbury cricket club .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .   perry says kym ellery 's show is ` taking a breather '   perry says she is one of the mercedes-benz fashion week 's 20th anniversary of mbfwa .   perry 's name is a second fashion week in 2015 .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than 12 people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school 's performance of the musical american pie .   the calamity occurred at the worst time - just as dozens were on stage for the finale .
raheem sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer .   brendan rodgers says it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club .   the champions have monitored vice-captain jordan henderson on his contract .
the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london .   charity bite-back boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins .
the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine .   qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january .   he invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing .
julio cesar chavez jnr has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs .   anthony dirrell 's ibf world title fight is against james degale .   carl froch lost to andrzej fonfara last week .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana .   it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .   bolton coroner 's court said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '   torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend '   jacques was found in a hotel room above the pub in bolton last year .   coroner said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may .
liverpool captain steven gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension .   gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy .   reds legend robbie fowler says players must not focus on gerrard .
a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   swimming pools , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden for the first time .   the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies .
richard dysart died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness .   for playing the founder of the firm mckenzie , brackman was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .   dysart 's wife : `` he 's so -lsb- l.a. law , '' he says .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   over a million people visit the walls every year .   an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mr keenan had been living in the tent with his father keith , 62 , last year when they fell behind with their repayments .   the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter .
police in rhein erft , germany dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call .   they discovered that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   batarfi is among aqap 's top regional commanders .
the sewol ferry sank on april 16 .   a year later , park 's life have been sent to jail on criminal charges .   park eun-mi is recovering from the death of her daughter .
submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze .   premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
naomi jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   in 2008 , she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .   miss jacobs told bbc it was when she was about to sit her gcses .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   more than three decades after he was incarcerated , crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters .   it is thought edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia .   at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain changed their communication methods since the leaks by snowden .
`` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at major banks and broadcasters .   south korean investigators say they have a malicious codes used in the attacks .   north korea says it will end its nuclear operator 's nuclear power plants .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .   but before the ladder could be used to grab the arm of a woman .   police had failed to convince the woman who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
disgraced former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .   mcdonnell and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. .   ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey .   brady olson knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .   he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .   tinder will now display last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .   she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   the thunder had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa .
invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '   conservative jacob rees-mogg will focus on the ` pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace .   the service of commemoration will take place on the 200th anniversary of waterloo .
jackson byrnes is under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .   three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a brain tumour three years ago .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail for working without a licence .   allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him .   hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories including flo dunn , 22 .   the shoes are worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .   daphne said of the collection , she is the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' collection .
military and aid flights are indian military planes in nepal .   some buildings are not up to high construction sites .   nepal 's landmarks are not , but there 's no way to get out .
aaron lennon reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police that the # 55,000-a-week winger left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 18-year-old was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   lennon is on loan to everton .
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing '   with long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   clients must release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner .   the clinic has even had to extend its hours .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the edinburgh derby .   stuart mccall had his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .   nicky clark and nicky clark both scored in the race .
researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .   angela kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .
charity runners taking part in 10km fun run at weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones .   the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .   the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .   but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen .   the un last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   on saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother .   he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on tuesday .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .   she is accused of sending a facebook message to the girl on april 12 .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support .   pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .   the 36-year-old also posted a photo with karl malone at his wild card gym base in los angeles .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .   brent 's father , herbert , received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   but he claims that overall caps on net migration ` might change every year '   ukip 's manifesto chief said he would not set ` arbitrary targets ' in march .   but ukip leader said it would be ` ludicrous ' to stop people leaving country .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over 15 years .
men form a small part of jaysh al-islam or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   dozens of masked special units show off a range of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers .   group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .
kim callaghan piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .   her weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .   kim married her husband sean callaghan in 1999 .
