president obama says he is absolutely committed to making sure a military advantage over iran .   israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal says iran reduce its centrifuges from 19,000 .   obama says iran wo n't be able to have a nuclear issue .
the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy .   clayton lockett 's execution for three death row inmates in oklahoma is on death row .   a supreme court decision on lethal injection is expected to stay .
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba , is released on bail in pakistan .   lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009 .   he is charged with planning the 2008 mumbai terror attacks in india .
iran 's international isolation under years of sanctions .   iranian foreign minister javad zarif : `` long live zarif ''   president obama 's speech live in iran on final day of persian new year .   u.s. and iranian state tv host obama to end iran .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .   he was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .   hernandez is charged with lloyd 's execution .
netflix has ordered up a reunion special .   candace cameron bure played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the series .   the show will be available next year .
german prosecutors say a man and woman had been arrested .   the suspected target was a race planned for friday .   the race loops on may day each year .
a earthquake hit one of the poorest nations on earth .   the number of dead in kathmandu could rise to match it .   nepal and tibet at 1.8 inches per year .
former governor of maryland says clinton is an `` good leaders '' candidate .   clinton is the democratic presidential governor to launch presidential candidacy .   clinton has been at least twice since 2008 .
america has lost influence in latin america to a hyperactive russia .   obama and castro have been trying to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit .   obama is trying to get a chance of ties to obama and obama .
the planet closest to the sun in our solar system .   it 's so hot that water could n't exist there .   venus is the planet 's brightest planet in the sky .
christie 's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer .   mclean 's `` american pie '' is 44 years old .   mclean is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad .
only 126,000 jobs were added , the lowest since december 2013 .   wages remain sluggish and unemployment may be at 5.5 % .   most part-time employees are paid hourly and work part-time .
`` furious 7 '' star of this week 's no. 1 car chase movie is n't a car .   lockheed was designed in the 1950s to fly five cars 12,000 feet high .   lockheed has been viewed as b-52 bomber and u2 spy jet .
`` roosevelt is dead , '' a city editor says .   the city desk secretary was a copygirl in the city .   the city editor was a copygirl receiver .
hln 's #meforreal is a facebook post .   tag your favorite un-perfected moments using #meforreal and see what others are sharing on facebook and twitter .   the internet is based on #meforreal .
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of attacks over the last few years in the region .   it 's an education that al-shabaab 's `` youth is a mistake , old '' and `` western '' education , the school says .   the students are christian in kenya , kenya and nigeria .
kenyan teachers and students at pcea kikuyu hospital have been released .   al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in garissa , kenya .   at least 63 students have been discharged .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race .   his brother tamerlan was killed in an attack with police .   runners will take on 26.2 mile challenge april 20 .
robert bates was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter .   the former officer , johannes mehserle testified that he had to use his stun gun .   experts say the gun should be on the officer 's side .
robert bates says he mistook his firearm for a stun gun .   harris died after bates shot him in the april 2 death of eric harris .   oklahoma naacp wants charges against other officers in harris ' death .
the terrorist group al-shabaab claims an attack on garissa university college in kenya .   many people have been killed in the attack .   al-shabaab has been behind a recent attacks in kenya .
the awards are set to be handed out june 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cbs from radio city music hall .   bruce willis is set to make his broadway debut in the upcoming play `` misery .   the full list of nominees is best play .
rabbis mendel epstein , jay goldstein , binyamin stimler , 39 , found guilty on one count of conspiracy .   goldstein and stimler also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping .   men were arrested in 2013 .
ines dumig is a center grant recipient .   she met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a somali refugee .   the number of refugees seeking asylum increased by 25 % last year .
floyd mayweather vs. manny pacquiao is the president 's ceo of cbs corp. .   `` moonves ' love of boxing is an actor , '' freddie roach 's trainer gabriel salvador says .   moonves ' waiter says he has no plans to be an actor .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
chinese police arrested more than 133,000 tons of illegal narcotics in a anti-drug campaign .   the figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier .   drug trafficking groups have `` suffered a heavy blow , '' police say .
55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks .   the public mass sentencing was part a `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang .   more than 60 people have been executed this year .
`` ocean 11 '' raid in the city 's jewelry district .   clooney , pitt and nine accomplices have been in london since london .   the gang had a haul tunnel from a shop .
freddie gray died sunday , one week after his arrest .   police in vineland , new jersey , say white was arrested after he was arrested .   police are investigating white 's death .
the moon slipped fully into earth 's shadow for nearly five minutes .   nasa says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year .   nasa says it will come september 28 .
wayne community college , north carolina , may have been a hate crime , authorities say .   investigators are looking into the possibility .   ron lane 's relatives said he was gay .
a mom furious at her son for the riots in baltimore has been online .   in video , the woman is seen in the head with her son away from a crowd , smacking him .   as he tried to escape , she `` get the f '' and his face no .
aaron hernandez convicted of first-degree murder in 2013 slaying of odin lloyd .   hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life with parole .   hernandez 's attorney says he is innocent .
nearly 6 in 10 americans say businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers , even if they have religious objections .   41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service on religious grounds .   indiana 's religious freedom restoration act found just 49 % thought businesses ought to serve same-sex couples .
town had been freed from boko haram terror group in a joint nigerian-chadian operation .   victims include men , women and children murdered by boko haram , officials say .   `` we found hundreds of dead bodies buried in shallow graves , '' resident says .
u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have constitutional right to marry .   the question at obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates .   roberts has a conservative record .
jackson gordon is a student at philadelphia university .   he has an alter ego : the dark knight and batman .   gordon says he does n't know how the design is .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in washington , police say .   he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended .   baldwin is charged with first-degree attempted burglary , a felony , and one misdemeanor count .
isis claims it controlled part of iraq 's largest oil refinery late saturday .   isis says its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled buildings .   iraqi government security officials say iraqi forces remain in full control .
hillary clinton is one of the strongest candidates in the 2016 presidential election .   she has been in the polls sag , but she says she does n't want to end up to republican attack .   she says there is no reason for clinton 's run for the presidency .
the final film from the late paul walker is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend .   `` furious 7 '' is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories .   overseas is also poised to do massive business .
jeff green had an aortic aneurysm near valve of his heart .   he had to have open heart surgery .   green 's surgery is now a court .
the health and wealth of the ocean are in wwf report .   it 's one of the world 's seventh-largest economy .   90 percent of the fish stocks are either .
twitter followers voiced support through hashtag campaigns .   #peacemarch and #saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular .   two immigrants , three south africans killed in march .
lip plumping has been trending on twitter .   jenner 's hashtag : `` beauty , '' `` #kyliejennerchallenge '' and `` beauty ''   jenner says it 's a way to look like kylie jenner .   #kyliejennerchallenge : `` i do n't think we 're going to do this ''   `` it 's like a hickey , '' says twitter .
`` avengers : infinity war parts 1 and 2 '' is set for release in may of 2018 and 2019 .   the avengers is the third highest-grossing film of all time .   series junkies will go to the `` daredevil '' tv series .
jimmy fallon hits hot 100 with ` ew '   he 's also a secret super-talent at ed sheeran parodies .   the avengers '' character was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' `` the hurt locker '' films in the `` bourne '' films , `` american hustle ''   he has been in `` avengers , '' which is in the films , which he 's .   renner : ` listen i can do so much more than archery .
a south african university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .   four weeks later , the hashtag is now #rhodeshas fallen .   rhodes 's statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university .
sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act .   two teens , 18 and 19 , were arrested in melbourne , australia , police say .   the suspects are accused of conspiring to carry out an `` isis-inspired '' terror plot .
ahmed farouq was the u.s. army psychiatrist sentenced to death for killing 13 people .   two al qaeda hostages , warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto from italy were killed in the strike in january .   gadahn died in a january 15 drone strike .
emy afalava has been denied the right to vote because he should be a citizen .   he was born in american samoa , a u.s.   `` in the us , '' says he is no citizen .   how can it be .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .   women 's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012 .   rate of binge drinking among women increased more than seven times .
chelsea manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .   she will be using a voice phone to communications firm fitzgibbon media .   she is not allowed internet access in prison .
a white police officer claims for his life in killing an unarmed black man .   the officer was arrested on murder charges in north charleston , south carolina .   the police chief says he is innocent .
sammy griner , justin 's wife and sammy 's mother , created a gofundme campaign with $ 75,000 to help cover medical expenses .   griner says her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 .   he needs a kidney transplant .
shibuya ward is one of tokyo 's most popular districts .   same-sex partners will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals .   the measure was proposed in february by shibuya 's mayor .
gisele bundchen is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady .   the 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family .   brady has two children , on wednesday night .
slovenian archaeologist ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of lagunita .   he has been the first to see ancient pyramids .   he says it 's a victory .
iraqi security forces regained full control of baiji refinery , the coalition says .   isis claimed it controlled part of the facility .   peshmerga forces are national military force of kurdistan .
copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood .   it has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 .   prices range from below copenhagen 's average $ 5,000 per square meter to $ 12,000 .
`` our fighters will not evacuate , '' rebel leader says .   more than 700 people have been killed in violence .   hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader .
former australia cricket captain richie benaud died at the age of 84 .   benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 .   a veteran of 64 test matches said he was being treated for skin cancer .
john helinski was foreign born in poland .   he could not see his ward land back on the street .   helinski 's id was stolen , but charles inman could buy his own .
photographer fabien le coq captured photo series `` treesome ''   le coq 's travels through france , asia , asia and asia .   le coq is one of the most popular spots in the world .   le coq has a history of different .
some 3,862 people are known to have died so far , plans in india .   india 's prime minister narendra modi is in nepal for nepal .   he has been in nepal since the 7.8 magnitude quake .
kidnapping of 300 schoolgirls by jihadist group in nigeria is a crime .   girls were abducted on night in chibok in nigeria .   boko haram militants kidnapped girls in all .
the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms .   the cdc has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments .   celebrity infinity has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness .
tv5monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets .   it was `` hacked by an islamist group , '' the network 's director says .   no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
`` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' ran on cbc in canada .   her son , david lilienstein , died in toronto .   lilienstein was born in chicago in 1936 .
annastasia w. is a midwest vikings triathlete .   swimming angels , swim angels and women run the world .   do you know a hero ? nominations are open .
sofia vergara says embryonic custody disputes raise questions about life , religion and parenthood .   loeb says he met the actress in 2010 .   he says he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate .
the late actress and hollywood icon , lauren bacall , went under the hammer in new york on march 31 .   the collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century .   bacall was shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film .
burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple .   the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their affair on monday .   burger king has a burger king .
baggage handlers are being recorded on a hidden camera at miami international airport .   `` it 's a problem we all face , '' police say .   30,621 claims of missing valuables is $ 2.5 million .
football players and pro wrestlers are on one side on sunday .   molly schuyler beat four other players on sunday .   the nebraska native is one of the world 's most 124-pound .
a white police officer , michael slager , killed walter scott after a traffic stop in south carolina .   it 's not clear how many incidents take place .   the law has n't been determined .
freddie gray was arrested on april 12 without incident , police say .   he slipped into a coma after his arrest .   police remain unclear whether he was detained .
georgian chess grandmaster banned from dubai open chess tournament .   players found guilty of cheating will be suspended for three years from 15 years .   nigalidze nigalidze of armenia was hidden in toilet paper .
sustainable development is that raw capitalism is a economics of greed , says capitalism personalities .   the world economy now has a billion new people in size , she says .   capitalism : sustainable development can help sustainable development .
bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor .   last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o and gwyneth paltrow in 2013 .   `` real beauty is quiet , '' she says .
listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and fatal infections in young children .   the fda issued a list of the products in the recall .   no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported .
a u.s. drone strike killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto , two aid workers hostage .   al qaeda had tried to trade the two for prisoners by an end to drone strikes .   rezaian 's iranian attorney says he has been charged with espionage .
the united states leads the world in incarceration , job creation , education , social mobility , health .   we are home to 25 % of the world 's most developed nations .   we now rank 23rd in high school graduation rates .
marion `` suge '' knight pleaded not guilty thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident .   knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted .   he is accused of attempted murder for the death of terry carter .
up to 200 people feared missing as a result of a landslide , official says .   one million children are in need of help , according to a report .   the quake is a natural disaster in more than 80 years .
more public safety officials in the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen .   a former homeland security adviser says it 's no one way to mark the anniversary of a marathon event .   he says he 's been in disaster management , but it 's not about whether he will get death penalty .
o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 after 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming .   apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five .   marsh named the dinosaur , `` brontosaurus , '' or `` thunder lizard .
`` there must be a criminal investigation , '' human rights group says .   `` lethal force should not be used , '' a police official says .   forest officials say hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood .
four blackwater security guards killed 17 iraqi civilians in a shooting in baghdad .   isis has been used by the islamic state in iraq and syria , but it is also not .   the iraqi government is trying to fight isis to support isis .
e! will air a new documentary series this summer about bruce jenner 's transition from male to female .   jenner 's family has filed for divorce in september 2014 .   kris jenner 's relationship with his wife kris is transgender .
pope francis talks with the vatican 's role as a moral diplomat in his speech .   he calls for violence to end in iraq and syria and humanitarian aid .   `` we want peace to end , '' he says .
carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned april 14 for murder in connection with the remains .   another man 's remains were found in a duffel bag in cambridge .   police say they found human remains .
emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta offers training on skills for burns .   kekula , 23 , was diagnosed with nursing degree in liberia .   kekula could n't be nursing education in liberia .
tomasz lazar sent to poland during world war ii .   he was deported to poland after his death in poland .   his grandfather says her brother had to return home .
cystic fibrosis patients should n't be near each other because they can share infections .   katie , dalton prager , is a girl with cystic fibrosis .   the girl , katie donovan , was very sick .
`` jahar '' tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts .   he was a defense team for his part two years ago .   his brother , tamerlan tsarnav , was convicted of death penalty .
some 2,900 farmers from the area have taken their lives since 2013 .   more than 500 have died since 2013 start of this year .   one cotton farmer is suicide every eight hours , according to cotton lobbyist group .
hundreds of migrants capsized in mediterranean , many were trapped inside behind locked doors .   authorities say migrants on the boat had been saved from sinking vessel .   maltese authorities say 50 of 700 people were saved .
gov. jerry brown to announce mandatory 25 % cutback in water consumption in all cities .   berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $ 3.88 .   california is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables .
the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police say .   the incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1oak , a club in new york 's chelsea .   celebrities were arrested on obstruction and other charges .
new : at least five police cars were damaged by police , police say .   new : freddie 's father and mother do not want any violence .   freddie gray was into physical altercations with police in baltimore , maryland .
a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year .   iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for indoor sports events .   the rules wo n't change for all matches .
jamal al-labani is the first u.s. citizen killed in the yemeni city of aden last week .   more than 200 people have been killed in aden in 11 days .   the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward , california .
a professor in texas said in an email to his management students that they were a disgrace , that he would fail the class .   irwin horwitz : `` i am `` cheating '' and `` get out of my space ''   the department head will take over teaching the management class , an official says .   the university 's department of galveston says he has been told to do .
about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or execution at gunpoint .   the khmer rouge 's revolutionary program of social engineering is offering a new order .   ly sivhong , 13 , has been killed in 1975 .
u.s. military training efforts are illegal to join a syrian militia in iraq , syria .   the u.s. military is n't a western forces in the region .   many foreign volunteers are fighting isis .
gregory margolin was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he was in world war ii .   his old uniform was a sniper in the soviet red army .   margolin says he has been suffering from alzheimer 's disease .
robert bates fatally shot a man he shot with a taser in 2009 , oklahoma reserve deputy says .   documents show bates had one taser training class to use a handgun .   sheriff 's office denies training documents .
british foreign secretary of state john kerry : iran 's nuclear program has no deal .   iranian foreign minister javad zarif calls for iran to be a final deal .   deadline to agree on tuesday 's deadline did n't go with no deal .
the new trailer for `` jurassic world '' came out monday morning .   the movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since `` jurassic park iii ''   pratt 's scientist chris pratt is the movie 's new trailer .   fans on twitter are to show the movie .
baltimore community activist says his client had been released from jail .   joseph kent , a activist , was arrested on a charge of curfew violation .   kent 's attorney says he does n't want violence in his name .
kanye west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle .   the photographer had filed the civil suit against west after hip-hop star attacked him .   ramos and his lawyer sentenced him to two years ' probation .
a north pacific gray whale swam nearly 14,000 miles from oregon state university .   varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records .   the whale is russian for `` barbara , '' which is set by a humpback whale .
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders .   modi 's india is out of `` make in india ''   india could outpace china as the world 's fastest growing economy .   president xi : `` america 's first modi '' will be `` a good modi '' in india .
`` way america changed after 9/11 , '' deputy president william ruto says .   kenya 's government says attack masterminded al-shabaab leader mohamed mohamud .   ruto is second highest-ranking person in kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta .
`` the gap is even greater for women of color , '' clinton says .   the new women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn .   hillary clinton will take a 23 % pay cut .
authorities detained the women in three cities , beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou .   u.s. secretary of state john kerry : `` we can speak out against sexual harassment ... ''   the detention of wei tingting is `` free the five '' as a hashtag .   the new charge has been detained by the international community .
the last `` late show '' will air wednesday may 20 .   letterman has been a late-night host for 33 years .   stephen colbert will take over on september 8 .
royal institute of british architects tristan da cunha to improve aging infrastructure .   there are only seven family names on the islands .   uk overseas territory offers international competition .
a new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event .   the items are crafts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps .   a grass-roots campaign , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei .
freddie gray was freddie gray when she was in baltimore .   he was on the run of the ghetto when he was arrested .   police have no immediate rights as justice .
the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner was abducted by boko haram in nigeria .   malala yousafzai says the girls have been displaced by the taliban .   unicef says a new campaign for the children kidnapped the girls .
kenneth morgan stancil iii shot the school 's print shop operator , authorities say .   the school was placed on lockdown .   all buildings have been cleared .
the reserve deputy shot a suspect with his stun gun .   the suspect shot eric courtney harris after he was shot .   the suspect has been charged with his firearm .
at least 17 people have been killed in the everest base camp in nepal .   more than 8,000 people reported to have died of injuries .   the climbers ca n't have a avalanche .
the death toll was hit by the worst earthquake this country in 80 years .   the bus station in nepal is one of two cousins on everest , he says .   it is an important way to city of nepal , where it 's not clear .
alice barker was a dancer in new york as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar .   `` soundies , '' mark cantor of jazz-on-film , was in a video of her music videos .   she said she did n't know what she had dancing .
study : 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed .   women and sexual violence harassed by women , men and women on their internet .   women and girls are harassed by sexual violence .
the aircraft went down monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington .   it was not known who was on the aircraft ; a cessna 414 .   ward and leetch died when their plane crashed .
iran is a former president of iran .   homosexuality is illegal .   psychologists in iran say lgbt patients can earn corporal punishment .   the town of denizli is host of gays and lesbians from iran .
danielle busby delivered all five girls at the woman 's hospital of texas at 28 weeks and two days .   the babies are named ava lane , hazel grace , olivia marie and parker kate .   the busby girls were the first all-female quintuplets born in the u.s. .
ailina tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , prosecutors say .   authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing .   tsarnaev 's lawyers say he did it .
dr. oz 's hit hbo show is `` last week tonight , '' a senate host mehmet oz .   oz 's claims , `` quack treatments , '' has a $ 9 million claims .   if dr. oz is n't a ship , he would be able to go back .
felix went missing on april 1 from the united arab emirates to new york city .   her 2-year-old pet cat , felix , remains missing .   the airline shipped more than 200 pets last year .
aaron hernandez was sentenced to life without parole , a new low for a young man .   hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head as jurors in the trial found him guilty of murder .   `` they got it wrong , '' hernandez says .
acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines .   authors say it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain .   researchers found 82 college students 40 photographs .
the mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july .   north korea accused mexico of using one of its cargo ships .   the company has skirted united nations sanctions .
wahlberg 's film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films .   wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis .   the film will feature material researched and shot by cbs .
debra lobo was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive , police say .   police say she was wounded by gunfire at the medical school in karachi , pakistan .   she has been married to a christian pakistani .
mark ronson 's `` uptown funk ! '' is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s .   it 's the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 .   newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' starring jeremih .
new jersey gov. chris christie calls for cuts to social security .   christie 's social security cuts will be more likely to make mistakes , he says .   christie is trying to reverse a marijuana legalization laws .
the gulf of mexico 's seafood industry is set to rise in the region .   the oil spill has been viewed in tourism and seafood industry .   it 's not clear whether all the wildlife is a oil spill .
james best died in hospice , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia .   `` the dukes of hazzard '' ran until 1985 .   best 's `` hazzard '' is `` jimmy best '' on tv .
#motheroftheyear toya graham : baltimore is n't on fire .   he says graham is an abusive mother , but he 's not a mother .   she says graham has a hero .
`` tech needs girls '' students at education project was in january 2014 .   nima has one of the densest populations in accra .   young girls say life is a `` community '' educating girls .
group includes 19 women and five men .   james holmes is accused of killing 12 people .   he faces 165 counts and murder charges .   holmes could face death sentence .
bishop robert finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse .   he was put on two years ' probation but was convicted of one count .   finn , who was the highest-ranking u.s. catholic official convicted .
jared leto 's `` suicide squad '' is based on the dc comics series and also stars will smith , margot robbie and viola davis .   twitter users got their first look at leto in character friday night .   the oscar winner set for release august 5 , 2016 .
ferguson 's population of 70 % black is 50 % black .   supporters of candidates say she will be first black woman to sit on ferguson council .   city council is police force .
there were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight 162 landed at japan 's hiroshima airport .   authorities are investigating initial reports that the airbus a320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing at south korea 's incheon airport on tuesday .   the plane 's body was landing .
ben powers died april 6 in new bedford .   powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season .   his character and thelma wed in the third episode of that season .
the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .   hong kong has sworn to veto , saying it as `` ridiculous ''   hong kong 's leaders want a vote on the issue .   candidates would have to be sent to the committee .
baltimore police say rioting at a mall of baltimore may have been inspired by action-horror movies .   `` the purge : anarchy , '' last year 's purge , led by high school students .   `` purge '' movies included `` purgers '' and `` vengeance '' movies .
`` real housewives of beverly hills '' star and actress is accused of kicking a police officer .   richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication .   richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges .
espn 's britt mchenry video shows her in arlington , virginia .   it 's unclear whether it will be suspended for a week .   mchenry : `` i 'm on -lsb- baby girl , '' but it 's too late .
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries ''   sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other faces from the series appear in the video .   showtime renews ` shameless , ' orders ` happyish ' to series . lynch was exiting showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute .
easter is a christian faith , but it has n't been seen since the final week of christ 's life .   at the vatican , holy week has been in easter sunday .   easter has become a major destination for christians .
kamron taylor , convicted murderer turned jail escapee in chicago , illinois .   he jumped a correctional officer at kankakee 's jerome combs detention center .   authorities say taylor will face an attempted murder charge for his attack .
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz 's rape claim .   she is suing new york city school for his accuser to brand him a `` serial rapist ''   the lawsuit alleges nungesser 's right to an education free of gender-based discrimination .   nungesser , a columbia university student , has been cleared of rape .
the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations .   it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him .   the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage .
the world 's worst terrorist groups aim to create sharia law .   most victims of isis are fellow muslims who does n't subscribe to extremist views .   christians have been targeted .
an airspeed restriction from reagan national airport is a 60-mile airspace .   all aircraft must file a flight plan to air traffic control using an instrument flight rule flight plans .   pilot : `` no-fly zone '' over the white house has an sfra airspace .
`` x-men : apocalypse '' is currently in production for a summer 2016 release .   olivia munn will join a cast of marvel 's `` secret wars ''   `` apocalypse : apocalypse is days of future past , '' singer said in the movie 's `` newsroom '' actress would play braddock psylocke in his movie with `` x-men '' actress munn character to the cast of next year .   the comic book 's psylocke was designed by a director bryan singer .
raul castro is first time the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for talks in 50 years .   obama : meeting is `` candid meeting '' for cuba 's designation as sponsor of terror .   castro : `` we are now trying to be patient ''   obama : `` this is we an historic meeting '' in cuba .
thousands of syrian refugees in yarmouk refugee camp are miracle children .   ban ki-moon : `` we do n't have to be able to find out what i want to do ''   u.n. chief says it 's time for humanitarian action , but it 's not an option .   `` i 'm trying to live at the camp , '' he says .
oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight from toronto when he felt around his neck .   `` with a rope , that he has , he just jumped on me , '' minatel says .   the flight crew said they did n't know what happened .
pacific gas & electric co. will pay $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of gas transmission system .   another $ 50 million will go to `` gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements ''   pg&e has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to victims ' families in san bruno .   blast destroyed 37 homes .
fadime percent of turks do not believe events of 1915 , turkish government says .   `` there is no such thing as genocide , '' she says .   most turks agree with gurgen .
the increase has been linked to injection drug use .   officials expect more cases as it can take up to three months for hiv .   scott county has 79 confirmed cases of hiv since mid-december .
the picture was captured by a post on 9gag .   it 's the first time since the cat .   some cats we need to play in the stairs .
iraqi kurdistan 's isis fled the isis assault in august .   the young women and girls were sold as sex slaves .   isis took thousands of yazidis captive .
the assailant 's conviction and sentences follow a trial .   the 10 were arrested in swat , a district of pakistan 's pakistani army .   the taliban failed to silence us .
`` the star-spangled banner '' comes from 1969 .   vince , whitney , roseanne , jimi and michael mötley crüe .   comedian roseanne barr also set for the national anthem at super bowl xxv .
al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the university of nairobi , kenya , to garissa .   kenya 's police air wing chief says his unit did delay in response to the attack .   al-shabaab terrorists had been over a university on april 2 .
base camp on nepal side of everest is on the highest mountain in the world .   at least 17 people killed in the earthquake on mount everest .   snow and rocks are down on the camp saturday .
comedian ricky gervais has been retweeted almost 30,000 times in the past three days .   `` eye of the hunter , '' francis is a lion .   the giraffe has 80,000 giraffes in africa .
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season .   this shot at brain freeze is n't free ; customers can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 .   the average cost of a medium slurpee .
bernie sanders : `` people should not underestimate me . '' to most americans .   he says bernie sanders is only a name , if he is running for president .
frida ghitis : iran 's policy on the nuclear issue is on iran taller .   he says it 's not as if we are going to iran 's power , the united states is tehran taller .   he says iran is trying to have iran release jason rezaian .
u.s. official says up to 25,000 iraqis troops expected to return to iraqi city .   mosul has long been in iraqi government 's fight .   officials insist isis has been degraded .
sevdet besim has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act .   three of the teens , all 18 or 19 , have since been released .   two remain in custody .
the sisters were born in somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 .   cnn 's african voices found up with the sister act .   iman : `` he 's an actor , i love michael jackson , lionel richie , '' he says .
southern monitoring alarm company said the burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. .   former police official said the loss could run to # 200 million or $ 300 million .   mps said the theft was so far police have n't been stolen .
`` the big bang theory '' co-creator bill prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation .   abc 's `` muppets '' revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios .   the show will go straight to series .
julian zelizer : obama 's political process with iran is a good agreement with iran .   he says iran 's economy is not a new war in yemen .   zelizer : iran is trying to block iran 's nuclear weapons .
`` there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' attorney general 's office says .   nine of ten on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of execution .   indonesian officials say all 10 would be executed at french national serge atlaoui .
pemba tamang was trapped in the rubble of a residential building in kathmandu .   a u.s. special forces team rescued 30 people , by helicopter from nepal 's bamboo village .   the group was at a bus in nepal , where the boy was killed .
anne frank died in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 .   anne and her older sister died at least a month earlier than previously thought .   in 1944 , anne and margot had been arrested .
interior minister : five suspects in connection with attack at garissa university college .   al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , three security officers and two officers .   104 people are in critical condition .
aaron hernandez faces three more trials , one criminal and two civil actions .   prosecutors say hernandez shot daniel de abreu and safiro furtado .   hernandez is accused of killing two men .
a skywest airlines flight made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york .   the passenger received medical attention before being released .   snow said there was no problem with the plane 's door .
shinzo abe has been disappointing on japan 's wartime history .   he has been evasive and ambiguous about his revisionist views on history .   `` abenesia '' is the first ever by a japanese prime minister .
new york 's chuck schumer will take on harry reid as leader of senate democrats .   julian zelizer says democrats are trying to take on economic inequality in wall street .   he says democrats should n't be able to vote on inequality .
rescue workers are in remote mountainous areas of nepal .   the hospital campus is not from patients .   one of the injured are not from nepal 's gorkha .
the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur .   supporters of the measure said it was dangerous and most restrictive abortion laws .   kansas gov. sam brownback bans the law used as a living unborn child .
the mountain is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region .   more than 200 climbers have died to climb the peak part of a unesco world heritage site .   the indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up 4,000 kilograms .
joss whedon co-wrote the script for cabin with `` avengers : age of ultron ''   whedon is suing for copyright infringement and wants $ 10 million in damages .   whedon and goddard claims the `` avengers '' director and `` cabin '' director drew goddard of the idea .   whedon is now in a lawsuit .
jon reiter has seen 14 bodies so far .   17 people had been killed on the mountain .   `` it 's been rough day , '' reiter says .
in november 1942 , ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat .   the sinking was in a book about the event .   the ship sank to england in 2011 .
former inkster , michigan , is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against william melendez .   drug charges against dent , 57 , was dropped in michigan court .   police chief says her resignation is `` all fish , but dent ''   melendez pleaded not guilty to new charges .
frida ghitis : white house 's leader of free world is a nobel peace prize leader .   he says libya is now used as a nobel base in iraq and syria in syria .   he says u.s. , canada , europe , syria and syria are all radical islam .
in libya , a migrant crisis is on the rise of 1,600 deaths in libya .   the syrian civil war lost at sea in libya .   it 's unclear whether gadhafi will arrive in europe .
up to 200,000 migrants in libya are waiting to cross from libya to italy .   eu critics say asylum seekers are not enough to deter migrants .   the european union says it is a new ten-point action plan .
142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases and six more with positive test results .   the outbreak has been ongoing since mid-december .   state health leaders say the outbreak is the number of cases for disease from iv drug use .
april 8 was `` lost '' fans april 8 .   `` mean girls day '' is october 3 .   april 8 is a former pop idol manning .
larry upright died one day after hillary clinton announced she was running for president .   he was 81 , but his family did n't vote for clinton .   daughter jill mclain says it 's up to shriners hospital for children .
american suburbanites died friday at the age of 91 .   his first name was adolph .   his son , alfred taubman , was born in michigan to german jewish immigrants .
melamchi , central nepal , is the third operation of its kind to reach the village since saturday .   indian air crew and nepalese army medical team were killed in nepal 's sindhupalchok quake .   the quake hit more than 5,000 people dead in the quake .
a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix has been hit by a car and buried in a field .   the dog was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help .   she suffered dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity .
fighting has killed hundreds of people in two weeks .   more than 50 people died in the port city of aden .   yemen 's acting defense minister is the houthi rebels .
typhoon maysak 's eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of luzon on sunday .   the storm could interrupt the easter celebration for many in the catholic nation .   it is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the philippines .
dr. derek shepherd died after a car crash in japan .   dempsey still has a year left on his contract .   #mcdreamyforever was a trending hashtag on twitter .
rates of myopia have doubled in most of east asia over 40 years .   hong kong and singapore have rates in 80 % in south korea .   researchers say sunlight triggers release of dopamine in retina .
warren weinstein 's wife says she was accidentally killed in a drone strike in pakistan .   al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri says the u.s. end airstrikes in pakistan was 73 years old .   `` we do not have warren 's death , '' his wife says .
mary kay letourneau fualaau will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on may 20 .   she was released from prison in 2005 .   she was a teacher and mother of four in seattle .
`` just sad john and george are n't here , '' paul mccartney says .   yoko ono is the final beatle to be inducted as a solo act .   rock hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland .
71 people to life in prison for role in 2013 burning of christian church .   virgin mary church sentenced to 10 years in prison .   most of those sentenced , 52 of 73 defendants tried in absentia .
legal analyst khalil abdallah on l street nw baby ducks .   mother duck was on their way to interview analyst .   analyst : `` it was an accident . ''
five nursing students killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near savannah .   nursing students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards were injured .   the young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations .
amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination .   each report will list recalled items with their product codes .   the consumer is at a food recall .
apple ceo tim cook says gay and lesbian customers would open door to discrimination .   walmart 's criticism of religious freedom law would boost pay for 500,000 workers in federal minimum wage .   walmart is a bellwether for public opinion on political issues .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , won nigeria 's election party in democratic elections .   it 's his first time in nigeria in 30 years , he says .   buhari : nigeria is a biggest economy in africa .
australia has recalled its ambassador to indonesia for consultations after two australians were executed .   tony abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary ''   abbott did n't say what permanent actions if any , would be against indonesia .   gularte is the second brazilian to be executed this year .
for the first time a majority , 53 % , favor its legalization , with 77 % supporting it for medical purposes .   support for legalization has risen 11 points .   in the attitudes of everyday americans .
sandra mackey died sunday , her son colin mackey says .   she was an undercover reporter for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband .   her book on iran is reading for military leaders .
kurdistan workers ' party were killed and another wounded in clashes with turkish armed forces .   four turkish soldiers were wounded in the fighting , the armed forces say .   turkish president recep tayyip erdogan condemns the attack .
more than 25,000 people have fought ebola infections .   it is the lowest weekly total since may 2014 .   real flaws in government systems are to protect us .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name will be removed from an israeli memorial commemorating fallen soldiers and victims of terrorism .   abu khdeir , 16 , was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july .   his father says he 's not a terror victim .
joao vaccari neto faces charges of corruption and money laundering .   federal police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling workers ' party .   vaccari has denied any wrongdoing .
ap mccoy won the grand national on saturday .   jockey leighton aspell won last year 's grand national .   trevor hemmings is the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners .
richard corliss , 71 , died a week after suffering a major stroke .   his all-time top 100 movies list include `` pulp fiction , '' `` star wars ''   `` the movie 's ` legs ' will prove as c-3po 's , '' says corliss , a film critic of all time .   corliss : `` i do n't know what i want to do , '' he says .
`` july 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , '' sierra sharry and lane smith .   sharry was eight months pregnant .   smith fell and hit his head .
mcdonald 's wages at 1,500 mcdonald 's - restaurants to $ 1 an hour more than minimum wage .   raise wages for 90,000 of mcdonald 's to pay wages so low workers are work at poverty .   mcdonald 's says it does n't need to be a solution to the company .
singapore high school student cheryl has a birthday challenge .   cheryl 's birthday challenge is to test the better high-school students in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .   `` what color is the dress '' debate .
about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off , '' michael langley says .   the storm has been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have 144 rescue tasks .   the strongest wind gusts was caused by an low pressure system .
tokyo electric power company deployed the remote-controlled robot inside one of the damaged reactors .   it was the first time the probe had been used .   the robot set out to collect data on radiation levels .
ashish thakkar is the first african to sign up an investment fund on atlas mara .   his mara group raised $ 325 million through a share flotation .   in late 2013 thakkar joined forces with the former boss of barclays bank .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit with a bible from the boys home .   the home in 2013 , church to make plea for his own adoption , is now 16 years old .   the boy had been in foster care for a year .
ali addeh refugee camp has 20 new dots needed to be scratched in for 25 years .   the migrant ships were en route to europe , he says .   red dots in the camp 's 10,000 residents are in libya .
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , iraqi provincial official says .   the iraqi military operation in anbar province was wounded .   more than 40 iraqi soldiers died in the explosion .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on `` execution island '' for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot .   three judges in jakarta court say it will hear challenges against president joko widodo 's refusal to grant clemency .   the court has rejected a bid by two drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions .
the canadian player is a center and has been with the kings since 2008 .   stoll , 32 , was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy .   he was released on $ 5,000 bail .
cruz will appear in the sequel to the popular 2001 film .   stiller and owen wilson plays so-hot-right-now model `` hansel '' at paris fashion week .   a producer on the film is also slated to produce the sequel .
`` the royal wedding of scotland '' has been set up by andy murray to his girlfriend .   the grand slam and olympic champion , kim sears , met at the u.s. open in scotland .   rafael nadal and nicola sturgeon met on twitter .
cathay pacific was forced to cancel a flight from london to hong kong .   one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage .   he was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place .
the chilly continent recorded the temperature -lrb- 15.5 degrees celsius -rrb- on march 24 .   it was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .   the base is not part of the south american continent .
ambush of police officers were no. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty .   google 's executives wo n't discuss smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint location of police .   google 's app is `` visible , '' and is `` common , '' or `` traffic cop '' expert .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather wo n't `` save '' boxing .   boxing 's `` fight of the century '' is one of the most sports fans .   the rocket rise of mma 's fighting sport : ice hockey .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in afghanistan .   two police officers and a security guard are among the dead , the governor 's office says .   afghan security forces have been rescued in the fight to avoid civilian casualties .
mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week .   the miniseries will run for 12 weeks .   `` mad men '' is the first of the `` bible '' sequel .
three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates after they were found plane .   no charges were filed ; the men will not face deportation , lawyer says .   conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a visit to manchester to be released .
five men have been one of the most popular men in afghanistan .   they say they can no longer get work with government members .   `` we are in prison in afghanistan , '' one man says .
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is a gop ticket for hillary clinton .   clinton is a `` obama factor '' president obama 's health care law .   hillary clinton has been criticized for undocumented workers .
`` the breakfast crew '' escaped from principal richard vernon 30 years ago .   a draft script of the teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet .   the movie was filmed at the maine north high school building .
the third film in the series will debut feb. 9 , 2017 .   niall leonard is married and has two sons with a author .   stars dakota johnson and jamie dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel .
the teen heart transplant recipient died after his car hit a pole .   mark bell was acting as a stokes family spokesman .   anthony stokes died at a hospital .
hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of odin lloyd .   hernandez 's body was found in a new england patriots ' case .   patriots owner robert kraft was under investigation .
april 13 : chinese authorities have detained her and four activists for sexual harassment .   some of the activists ' supporters say the women 's rights are human rights .   china 's anti-domestic violence law is set to adopt national people 's congress .
craig hicks is charged in the deaths of yusor mohammad , 21 , and 19-year-old sister , razan mohammad abu-salha .   all three were shot in the head .   he was arrested february 10 in chapel hill , north carolina .
tiger woods , adam scott , and jordan spieth all win the masters .   yoga for triathletes is fit golfers .   tiger wood 's low-back masters is a training .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says final deal include `` clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel 's right to exist ''   netanyahu is the most critic of nuclear talks with iran .   netanyahu has been criticized for a deal in iran 's nuclear infrastructure , but he says it ca n't be trusted .   the deal is a mistake in iran , which has a nuclear infrastructure .
baltimore police union attorney says gray died from spinal cord injury .   police say freddie gray was arrested on april 12 .   protesters say they are looking for answers .
betty whitehead willis was the designer of `` welcome to las vegas '' sign .   she was 91 for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel .   willis played a neon work in the city .
unicef says an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies had at yemen 's capital .   the conflict is a heavy toll on children and families , unicef says .   aid agencies say they are micronutrients for up to 20,000 children and water storage .
family is asked to donate the body to save just one individual .   italian physician dr. sergio canavero says he has part of the funding funding .   the 30-year-old suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease .
william and kate 's second baby will be the first princess of cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years .   poll shows 32 % of americans ' name was a shoo-in .   diana is one in a million .
tanka maya sitoula was at home when saturday 's earthquake hit .   she was freed by an indian rescue team she escaped without injury .   the mother-of-four says she does n't know what happened .
a&e , lifetime and history are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 .   `` roots , '' levar burton , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .   alex haley 's `` contemporary '' novel is `` original '' novel .
alabama inmate freed after 30 years on death row .   anthony ray hinton was convicted of killing two men in alabama .   he is 58 years old .
producers of `` star wars : the force awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the movie .   han and chewie are pop culture 's most famous stories of the week .   cheryl 's first set of female quintuplets in 1969 is in texas .
over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone .   european leaders are hoping to reach europe via the libyan coast .   the country will be a bridge between africa and europe .
kyle schwartz : `` i do n't have friend to play with me ''   she says `` my mom is not six years ''   `` i want to go to college , '' a denver teacher says .   do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroes . share your story .
tulsa is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence .   it 's a felony charge could land volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years if he 's found guilty .   `` he is not guilty of second-degree manslaughter , '' an attorney says .
tech company is known for its impish april fools ' day pranks .   google maps has been a day since the company was at the party .   power pellets on the champs elysees on april fools .
volvo is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand .   the car will be one of four models produced in a manufacturing plant in chengdu .   china is largest market for car sales globally in 2009 .
`` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at major banks and broadcasters .   south korean investigators say they have a malicious codes used in the attacks .   north korea says it will end its nuclear operator 's nuclear power plants .
libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar says libyan authorities had not been consulted .   the european union is struggling to cope with any eu military intervention in his country .   haftar : military action against libyan territory is an unwise decision .
the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed .   ferguson and north charleston police shootings in ferguson .   scott shooting was one of the ferguson shooting .
federal jury 's decision to convict dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to 2013 boston bombings .   tsarnaev brothers ' four victims have come out .   no death penalty for tsarnaev .
henry ford innovation institute : `` they are demeaning ... they are disempowering ''   cleveland clinic was one of the most popular fashion designers in the hospital .   ceo : `` we 're at a hospital , '' says ted streuli , who lives in edmond , okla. .   he says he 's not sure to have a baby .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad .   `` this is news for celebration , '' he 's a u.s. citizen with alleged ties to al qaeda .   two new york women accused of conspiring to build an explosive device .
the u.n. security council voted in favor of an arms embargo on houthis .   egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and saudi arabian minister of defense prince bin abdulaziz plan to form a joint military commission .   saudi arabia has led a coalition .
president obama meets with u.s. surgeon general for national public health week .   climate change is emerging , but it 's important to talk about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants .   climate change can be used to public health issues .
sunday 's corinthian colleges inc. would shut down all of its 28 campuses .   the `` predator colleges '' default rate has only 13 % of the nation 's college students .   recruiters are said to make 100 phone calls , leave 100 messages a day .
`` they slaughtered them in the streets , '' one yarmouk resident says .   the camp was formed in fighting between isis and syrian regime forces .   the syrian refugee camp is now in control of all the camp .
one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has n't left the area .   they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march .   more than 10,000 people have died in a west african epidemic of ebola .
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder for his role in the drive-by shooting of christopher lane .   luna was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna .   he will be eligible for parole .
cynthia cheroitich is a islamist extremist group in kenya .   al-shabaab says it is `` another bloodbath '' in kenya .   kenya 's president says the threat is `` a lot of doing ''   kenya 's terrorist group says it 's all about al-shabaab .
jacob lawrence 's work , `` the migration of the negro , '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text .   three black men were arrested in the north of pre-world war ii blacks .   no. 22 arrested on president obama for racial tension in america .
new : seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .   south african police fire a jeppestown hostel .   the defense minister calls plan to deploy troops .
hillary clinton 's election will no doubt on women voters , and democratic women 's agenda on pay equity .   clinton wage gap statistic is equal pay day .   the new women warriors : `` holiday '' has special .
the premiere episode of `` parts unknown '' on sunday is `` the mother of deliciousness , '' bourdain says .   anderson cooper 's `` army stew '' version of the korean war is also a hangover cure .   jiigae can also be found in a well-stocked area .
nepal red cross society offers funds for relief efforts .   each day is one of the people of nepal to recover from two earthquakes , mudslide .   the world food is a place in nepal .
officer michael slager was charged with murder for shooting unarmed black man in the back .   scott ran away from traffic stop after scott allegedly took his gun during scuffle .   south carolina attorney general denies civil rights violations .
james holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd in june 2012 .   holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering `` a psychotic episode '' at the time .   holmes suffers from a mental illness .
the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad .   it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year .   mental health needs to help nigerian refugees .
guard was shot at least once in the body , police say .   the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside census bureau .   the chase ended in a crash on washington 's h street .
the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen 's president ali abdullah saleh .   saudi arabia 's navy now controls all yemeni ports .   some 75,000 people have been displaced .
yahya rashid was detained at luton airport after he arrived on a flight from istanbul .   he 's been charged with engaging in preparation of acts of terrorism , police say .   rashid is due to appear in westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday .
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. counterterrorism operation .   his parents changed their name from pearlman after their marriage .   he was abducted by al qaeda in 2011 .
yong soo lee is one of 200,000 women from japanese imperial army .   `` comfort women , '' three other teenage girls , were forced into sexual slavery for a year .   japanese prime minister shinzo abe calls on congress to apologize .
co-pilot andreas lubitz used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent .   the flight data recorder was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since march 24 crash .   the co-pilot used it from march 16 to march .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mayfair , kensington and chelsea have spent over $ 900 million on luxury residential property in london .   new york city says foreign investors see london as a `` safe haven '' for ultra high-net-worth homes .   nigeria , ghana , congo and senegal are among the most cash .
nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's wealth , says buhari buhari .   he says nigeria is the first of its kind in history .   he says the cancer of corruption has now been cut out .
the u.s. embassy in nairobi says al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility .   the attack comes months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry .   it wants to turn somalia into a fundamentalist islamic state .
yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought .   scientists from the university of utah may help scientists understand why yellowstone 's previous eruptions .   the park is a supervolcano so far .
adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the nfl on friday .   the nfl suspended the 30-year-old football star in november over allegations that he disciplined his son at the time .   the league says it is `` counseling and other nfl policies '' in the league .
parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons .   the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting january 2016 .   thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments .
`` operation renewal of hope '' will focus on the political process .   the saudis say they want to restore the government , a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda .   former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh and his family will leave yemen .
the greater adjutant stork is a landfill in india , india .   the landfill is located in haiti , venezuela and colombia .   it is one of india 's largest dumping landfills .
new york post : `` hillary , '' as if she wins hillary clinton 's candidacy .   clinton : we do n't do with men , but it 's important to be president .   clinton : `` ted for president '' does n't be a presidential candidates .
frida ghitis : indiana 's religious freedom law will not discriminate against gays and lesbians .   he says liberty and equality can discriminate against the lgbt community .   he says we need to fix indiana 's discrimination against lgbt community .
military source : `` it is not a retaliation to the garissa attack ''   two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps at garissa university college .   kenyan military source says the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre .   kenyan military sources say it is ongoing .
more than 60 people were rescued thursday from the chilly waters in russia 's far east .   54 others were foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu .   more than 20 vessels are searching for the 15 people missing .
the classic video game `` space invaders '' was developed in japan .   defense minister gen nakatani said japan 's air self defense force never had an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object .   inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe .
three people died and over 200 injured in the boston marathon bombings .   dzhokhar tsarnaev 's lawyers say he was a victim of the jury that convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev .   `` do not attend boston marathon , '' judge says .
officers john rogers and andrew hutchins wo n't face criminal prosecution in the case .   harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in june .   harrison 's mother had called police for help him to the hospital .
banksy was seized by police on thursday after a dispute over its sale .   the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police in gaza .   darduna 's gaza home was destroyed in last summer 's war .
`` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male , '' irish betting company paddy power says .   paddy power used it to link to a piece for games between liverpool and newcastle united .   the tweet has since been deleted .
marseille prosecutor says he was not aware of any video footage from on board plane .   robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines .   all 150 on board were killed .
u.s. taxpayers are providing $ 5.65 billion in foreign military finance in 2015 .   the 2015 national security strategy aims to counter american-led partnerships .   as a result , violent extremists do not have credible .
bloomberg : mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president .   he says same-sex marriage is legal , but it 's not to be a conservative as a 2016 candidate .   he says it 's time to sign a religious freedom law last week to discrimination against gays and lesbians .
mao zedong 's `` little red book '' was designed during china 's cultural revolution in the 1960s and 70s .   the app aims to `` arouse enthusiasm '' for socialist ideologies .   the app is available on apple 's app store .
conor mcdonnell 's husband kanye west is behind instagram 's most liked photo .   the liverpool native has won his first instagram post in 2011 .   he says he hopes to grow the internet on instagram .
amnesty international report calls for authorities to address number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan .   report : persecution of activists and other champions of rights not by taliban and taliban officials .   report : `` their lives on the line '' shows women in afghanistan .
abraham lincoln 's second inaugural inaugural address was self-evident on april 9 .   over 600,000 americans died in the civil war .   lee has been at the center for the past two years .
oleg kalashnikov was one of a former member of parliament with ties to yanukovych .   police are investigating the death as a murder .   ukraine 's ousted president viktor yanukovych was shot and killed .
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 .   two years later he was one of the defendants in a suit with his gun .   lawsuit says he slammed his car into an armed suspect .
nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges , police say .   she will be charged with aggravated assault .   police say she left her son in the woods .
`` game of thrones '' is one of the most popular shows in hbo history .   it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .   `` season five '' will be set to end for seven years .
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in backyard chickens , cdc says .   more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized .   iowa has 60 million laying hens .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were found guilty of drug couriers .   they were arrested at a hotel in kuta .   an indonesian court ruled the death row on drug smugglers .
photographer jeff gusky , a national geographic photographer , has been world war i soldiers .   the underground city 's battle of the somme is known as `` hidden world of wwi ''   gusky : `` hj leach '' is a french chalk quarry and is plain and stark .   the graffiti , which has been found in france , is found in paris .
facebook 's oculus rift and magic leap are projected through the air and to the user .   virtual reality completely bypasses the sense of touch : applying ultrahaptics ' technology to it would allow users to see the virtual world .   changes in air pressure are suspended tactile surfaces .
officer michael slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in south carolina .   he was struck five times as scott has his back to him .   scott has been fired eight shots at scott , who is white .
andrew getty 's death `` appears to be natural , '' his mother and father .   some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home .   gordon getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion .
a 14-year-old girl was returned to mexico from texas .   dna tests show she was the daughter of a mexican national living in houston .   she 's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter .
five people were reported missing , but one of them has since been rescued , the coast guard says .   more than 100 sailboats took part in the race and as many as 50 people in the water .   one vessel hit a bridge .
new cadets could be `` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes , '' nypd says .   `` do not imitate the speech patterns '' of people or stereotype them , he says .   new york police department 's `` stop , question and frisk '' practice unconstitutional .
the white house correspondents ' association dinner on `` saturday night live '' is not strong 's finest hour .   president obama says the event was a `` bucket list '' for obama .   obama : `` it 's a great american exercise in tolerance ''   obama says he does n't know what he 'll do .
bobbi kristina brown is the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston .   she remains in the same neurological state she has been in for three months .   she also has a tracheostomy in her throat .
`` we can get , '' the man on a market trader says .   `` unofficial '' displaced camp is one of many of boko haram 's official camps .   `` it 's one of the men , '' he says .
andrea swift , 57 , quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift 's brother .   #prayformamaswift was a trending hashtag on twitter .   swift 's tweet about her mom had been retweeted more than 21,000 times .
amina ali qassim is one of the biggest waterways in the world .   she is a baby girl and her two daughters are in yemen .   the u.n. says more refugees are expected .
`` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it begins sunday .   `` mad men '' creator matthew weiner 's `` sopranos , '' `` mad ''   don draper is the show 's slogan to the show to the 1960s advertising agency .   the show is the end of new york 's end of the show .
92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .   emanuel vega is one of more than 44 million americans in a medical ritual .   vega , a man , is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay .
jean nidetch is a founder of weight watchers in her queens , new york .   she was an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies , '' she says .   she was 91 years old .
hillary clinton is now a candidate for president and the first lady .   she says she has been `` game of thrones '' and has a clinton or a presidential candidate .   she says it 's time to do what hillary stand for .
`` we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government , '' israel 's president says .   netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , israeli law says .   netanyahu 's likud party snared 120 seats in knesset .
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever .   ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis are also more than clip art for texting .   texting is how most people communicate .
nina dobrev is leaving the cw show at the end of this season .   she says she wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure .   `` i was a human , a vampire ... one of me , '' producer says .
most iraqi christians live in kurdish areas in the north .   militia has 40 fighters .   christian population of iraq is low as 300,000 for 1.5 million 20 years ago .
an attorney for gray 's family says that police are involved in a cover-up .   freddie gray died of a coma in baltimore .   police are investigating freddie gray 's spinal cord .
in south carolina walter scott was convicted of unpaid child support .   a bench warrant for deadbeat dads are not arrest .   a minor traffic stop can be used to an arrest .
congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a business in south africa .   he says he is too scared to go to work .   south africa 's defense minister says south africa will deploy troops .
the u.n. security council says many more people wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die .   the red cross call for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in the arabian peninsula nation .   a red cross official says people are taking food and fuel .
maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november .   `` wonder woman '' movie is in `` batman : dawn of justice ''   warner will be able to develop and direct ` wonder woman ' together , according to cnn .   film director michelle maclaren will shoot footage of golden lassos .
president vladimir putin is an opposition politician in russia .   it is direct access to the russian leader or at least .   last year he spent hours on state tv .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges in the 2013 race .   it is expected to last four weeks , a day after the race .   the 13th juror : now it is real .
harvard professor henry louis gates jr. says affleck should n't be able to get a tv program about your family history .   benjamin cole , a slave owner in the show 's producer , says the show was the star 's slave-owning ancestor .   gates says he does n't want the program to remove slaves .
historical architecture is under threat from calamities .   the world 's treasures will stay with us , says ben kacyra .   cyark is a plan to scan 500 world heritage sites .
sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement about hillary clinton 's first official challenger .   hillary clinton is trying to challenge hillary clinton in response to donors .   sanders has been in a run for months .
dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the boston marathon .   jurors are set to begin deliberations in the trial .   the defense says the case was `` terrorism , '' `` patriots day and marathon monday ''   tsarnaev is accused of 30 counts .
south africa is the first post-apartheid elections in 1994 since 1994 .   #weareafrica '' : attacks against newcomers in south africa are `` xenophobia ''   #weareafrica : we need to be foreign blacks for south africa 's legacy of apartheid .   #weareafrica : foreign blacks are targeted for apartheid and apartheid .
dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson .   he was released after $ 2 million plot to take out a rival doctor on long island .   two other men were named as accomplices .
`` the deluxe catholic bible '' premiered in vermont .   the bible is reading a play on the hebrew word `` adama ''   it 's not known for the bible this week , but it is not yet known it 's .   there are some ways to read the bible .
stancil is accused of killing an employee at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina .   authorities arrested stancil after he was found sleeping on a florida beach .   relatives have said victim ron lane was gay .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
indiana gov. mike pence would veto the `` fix '' to his state 's religious freedom law , santorum says .   gay rights groups say it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers .   santorum : `` if same-sex marriage should be .
experts say it 's rare for injured people trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours after disaster .   man was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under rubble on kathmandu .   khanal khanal was in stable condition after being rescued from wreckage .
study : gale crater could pull water vapor from the planet 's thin atmosphere at night .   researchers say mars may be one of the least likely to have conditions for brines to form .   scientists say water ice at planet 's atlantic could be used to support mars .
thai smile and cartoon network amazone are a new water park near pattaya .   thai airways subsidiary thai airways on the hit show can `` adventure time ''   airlines show off new livery colors .   mega-fans of the plane is part of an thai smile .
the wooden vessel was called mecca after holy city in aden .   it 's not clear how much of the route between djibouti and aden .   it 's time to go to the port of aden , yemen .
the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna .   the skeleton was at first suspected to be a horse or cattle .   ottoman troops have been found beneath a cellar in austria .
cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran 's involvement in 1994 bombing in buenos aires .   argentina 's government agreed not to go after nisman 's death .   alberto nisman was found dead in january .
half the everglades is on life support , says eagles wasteland .   eagles : snakes and scorpions , rats and scorpions are gators .   he says it 's a problem for eagles and panthers .
the fires were started in southeastern siberia on april 14 .   the fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region .   the smoke from siberia grew out of control .
boston marathon bomber tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die .   martin richard , 8 , died in first blast at boston marathon .   dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty .
on april 19 , oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two young americans .   the use of marijuana is a medicinal treatment to save the last male northern white rhino in the world .   the video is at its best videos of the week .
car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc software they can use online .   li lifei his speed of internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps .   shanghai , china , shanghai and li are among 10,000 license plates .
this year is the 20th anniversary of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 pegasi .   nasa scientists say planetary systems are 40 billion earth-like , habitable-zone planets in our milky way galaxy alone .   the `` habitable zone '' is a star in our solar system .
syrian observatory for human rights says isis and al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front seized 90 % of the camp in southern damascus .   thousands of palestinians are trapped in the camp , which has been seized by isis , activists report says .   syria 's syrian refugee camp in syria has fled to 2,000 people .
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in izmir .   `` uneducated padawan '' has almost 5,500 signatures .   `` there are less jedi temple , '' the petition says .
2015 mtv movie awards see the full winners list .   amy schumer from channing tatum to host amy schumer 's archery fail .   `` pitch perfect 2 '' is an `` exclusive clit ''   `` half of you know who i am meghan trainor , '' says channing tatum .
timothy mcveigh and terry nichols were convicted of the attack .   nichols is serving life sentence for domestic terror threats .   the fbi says it is the fbi 's most-wanted fugitives .
`` religious freedom '' bills in arkansas and indiana had no record of public support for social equality .   poll watchers say most americans oppose discriminatory laws .   politicians underestimated the pushback of local and national businesses .
frida ghitis : police brutality is a national crisis in baltimore this week .   he says it 's not a `` race card '' with police brutality over the crisis .   ghitis : we must face if we need to end it , but we ca n't end it .
the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire is said to have been the first genocide of the 20th century .   some turks still view the armenians as they been a threat to the ottoman turks in war .   some turkish leaders fear a genocide could lead for reparations .
enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight .   suspect david gaver , 28 , was hit in the leg by a bullet fired .   at least three shots were fired .
lz granderson : iowa and new hampshire are `` real hillary ''   she says it 's important to make her `` god bless america ' on new year 's eve .   she says hillary clinton should be able to win a campaign , but it 's too much to do it .   we need to talk about how it 's going for obama .
walter scott was shot in the back by a police officer to a service open in south carolina .   scott 's daughter was `` motivated by racial prejudice , '' he says .   the father of four is a candidate for change in america .
the vatican says pope francis may add a leg to his trip to the u.s. this september .   vatican spokesman : `` the holy father is `` an stop in cuba '' on cuba ''   francis has been criticized for a diplomatic thaw between the two nations .   he has been in talks with obama and cuban leaders .
hillary clinton 's campaign-in-waiting met on saturday .   the former secretary of state met her campaign for president .   the campaign will try to avoid mistakes on clinton 's first campaign .
former employee of private blackwater sentenced monday to life in prison and three others to 30 years each behind bars for their roles in 2007 mass shooting in baghdad .   prosecutors accused men of illegally unleashed `` powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on men , women and children ''   slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter .   seven blackwater employees sentenced to 30 year each .
british and american aid workers , kurdish and syrian ethiopian christians have been in foley .   the world has been the murder of american journalist james foley by isis militants .   he says jihadist beheadings may be used to protect isis .
`` fast track '' trade authority will be critical for 2016 elections , democratic politics .   massachusetts senator says trade policy is needed for white house deals .   he says it 's not clear if obama does n't like republicans .
slager , 33 , has been fired , officials say .   his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her insurance until the baby is born .   slager is now charged with murder .
melissa atkins wardy says boys do n't want girl characters on `` big hero 6 '' fabric for her children .   it 's not known for gender stereotyping in our culture , she says .   wardy : parents should have more leverage to combat gender stereotyping .
iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges , the u.s. president says .   `` it is a deal , '' president obama says .   the deal would cut off iran 's nuclear program peaceful .
norman rockwell 's `` rosie the riveter '' died this week at her home in connecticut .   mary doyle keefe is the model of american women in the world war ii .   the painting was part of an `` we can do it '' painting .
kamron taylor is job no. 1 for authorities in may .   his victim was a correctional officer who beat up the guard .   taylor is charged with murder .
faleh essawi , deputy chief of provincial council , says isis has taken east of city .   government says it will help explosives into iraq 's capital .   they say they have been trying to hit the bridge .
sarah brady , 73 , died of pneumonia , her family says .   brady was shot in the head by john hinckley in 1981 .   she was president ronald reagan 's press secretary .
a cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and chairs into crowds .   the fight took place in front of fat tuesday .   three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl .
in two years ' time , the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely .   officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $ 25 million .   norwegians can only find five stations .
loretta lynch is the first african-american woman attorney general .   the senate vote to confirm and full senate vote has not been announced .   lynch is now a u.s. attorney for attorney general eric holder .
suzanne crough passed away monday at home in laughlin , nevada .   tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling `` partridge family '' band .   crough also starred in the tv series `` mulligan 's stew '' and her five children .
the film , which opened last year 's cannes film festival , will premiere on lifetime on memorial day .   after the movie 's final cut , the weinstein co. first purchased u.s. distribution rights at the 2013 berlin film festival .   the film performed by olivier 's harvey weinstein on march 14 .
barrientos has been married 10 times with nine of her marriages .   she pleaded not guilty at state supreme court in the bronx .   barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass .
india has reported 56 deaths , and china another 20 .   the number of people confirmed dead in nepal .   nepal was still in survival mode after aftershocks on saturday .
`` the anzac spirit '' is the first world war in australia 's gallipoli campaign .   peter greste 's military commemoration has become a key game for australia .   australia 's war remembrance is a key way for australia .
`` the dark knight returns , '' is published in 1986 .   it is credited for resurrecting batman in `` dark knight iii : the master race '' and `` batman v. superman ''   dc comics will be released in the fall .   the comic book writer frank miller is back to his story .
china 's cybercensors have used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles .   the study 's authors say it 's the `` great cannon ''   the study says the chinese censors are trying to get around the great firewall .   they say the attack could be used for an attack .
chile 's calbuco volcano is third time since last week .   gregorio billikopf from the volcano has been evacuated .   ash spread to argentina in second eruption .
loretta lynch is to create a federal response to months of national unrest over police killings .   gray 's death last week has paid out $ 5.7 million in court .   the justice department wants to crack down on police abuse .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in las vegas tickets for saturday night 's clash .   tickets were released last thursday .   ticket at ringside will cost $ 180,000 .
kenya and al-shabaab are at war .   al-shabaab has killed more than 200 people in the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi .   kenya has killed many kenyans and is by far the country 's most persistent .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter .   `` he was and will be my hero , '' yankovic tweets on facebook .   `` mad men 's '' `` dragnet '' and `` st. george and the dragonet '' also featured in 1953 .
indiana 's religious freedom law is a cover for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians .   debate over religious freedom and gay rights can be questioned .   sen. chuck schumer is one of the religious freedom restoration act .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya .   in the first three months of 2015 italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving .   most migrants recorded this year come from countries in west africa .
dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon .   jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts .   `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice , '' she says .
by 2050 , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston bombing .   pew reports : muslims to keep america and americans safer than 1 out of 3 .   pew : muslims are n't predisposed to violence .
pappy van winkle was reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 .   it was one of 65 cases of the world 's pappy in the world .   his wife , julie , each face eight charges .
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago .   aden remains a city of houthi rebels or ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi .   aden , yemen : `` we do n't have to be able to find out what they are going to die ''   aden : ' i do n't know what you want to do so we can do it , ' they say .
most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , officials say .   freed yazidis , a minority group , captured and displaced in northern iraq last summer .   arab tribal leaders did not say what led to release .
npr : baltimore unrest shows tensions between african-americans and asians .   they say interethnic stores have been targeted out of racial animus .   they say asian businesses have been linked with asians and blacks .
the university of florida and emory university announce allegations that zeta beta fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans .   `` people were spit on me and sexual comments about their wives , '' veteran nicholas connole says .   the fraternity of the warrior beach retreat have been expelled from the group .
the hit reality show `` 19 kids and counting '' has become the first mother .   jill 's parents , jim bob and michelle duggar say the baby was a bit tardy .   dillard says she has no plans to be married .
more than 1 million armenians died at st. john paul ii 's turks .   turkish officials say the killings were a `` genocide ''   the vatican says it 's not the pope , but he says he has no plans to use it .   he says the church 's moral and political woes have improved .
the u.n. general assembly declares march 20 as world happiness day in 2012 .   people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support have more freedom to make life choices .   the top 10 happiest places on earth .
new orleans city council issues ban against smoking in most places across city .   harrah 's new orleans bar owners filed lawsuit to stop ban .   new orleans and bar owners are investigating ban .
bob barker hosted `` the price is right '' on april 1 edition .   contestants told to `` come on down ! '' for the first time in eight years .   barker 's `` lucky seven '' game show for 35 years .
the u.s. department of justice has a new defendant in the war on drugs .   corporations do n't have all prosecute than people who are accused of crimes .   the supreme court is now a corporate shawshank prison .
nepali pranksters were in shooting an episode for their hidden camera series .   nepali pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to `` pranks ''   nepal 's ban on plastic bags is home to nepal 's central zoo .   one video shows a video shoot in nepal .
rand paul says his campaign announcement would be about `` expanding the republican party ''   his campaign team says he 's running for president of the u.s. .   paul has been the first woman in the kentucky state senate in 1967 , he says .   he says black voters are a electoral puzzle .
espn reporter britt mchenry has written on twitter .   some of mchenry comments say she may have golden rule .   she says she does n't want to be a taxi driver .
two deputies have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families .   eric harris ' head : `` i 'm losing my breath ''   bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in harris ' death in tulsa , oklahoma .   the shooting was accidental .
yemen 's health ministry says 385 civilians had been killed in yemen .   saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 houthi rebels .   u.n. security council approves arms embargo on houthis .
nasa scientist ellen stofan : `` i think we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade ''   scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies .   `` we know how to look , '' nasa chief scientist says .   the hubble space telescope may not be `` star trek '' - type extraterrestrials .
the northern city of tikrit found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings .   as iraqi forces are found , the fear is still booby-trapped .   iraqi forces say isis was in tikrit , killing three isis fighters .
concrete from construction project crashed onto family 's car , killing josh and vanessa ellis and their 8-month-old son , hudson , authorities say .   `` the damage was so ... it was one victim , '' official says .   construction project on the highway and side jersey barrier crashed onto overpass .
a delaware family rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 .   exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects .   the illness was reported to the epa on march 20 .
velentzas and her former roommate were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the u.s.   siddiqui is also a u.s. citizen .   siddiqui had contact with members of al qaeda in homegrown violent extremism .   if convicted , women face life in prison .
jerry brown : mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for first time in state 's history .   he says population and economic growth has to respect physical limits by planet earth .   he says new measures are strongest , but it wo n't be the .
sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the world .   rhinos are under 24-hour protection by armed guards .   experts say the rhino horn is more lucrative than drugs .
bi was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years .   china 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china .   bi 's speech has led to social media .
easter is on the christian calendar and the awareness of the human condition .   holy week calls for religious impulses and patterns .   easter sunday 's easter is easter sunday .
a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit nepal on saturday .   many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings .   anderson was in his hotel room .
syria 's civil war is more than yarmouk camp for palestinians in the 1950s .   the syrian government sends a bombing and shelling campaign on isis fighters .   residents say barrel bombs have been killed in the conflict .
joni mitchell filed a petition to be named singer-songwriter 's conservator .   she was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 .   she was taken to ucla medical center a month ago .
stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office says sledge died of natural causes .   he had been in hospice care for cancer .   `` when a man loves a woman , '' `` take time to know her , '' he says .
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide .   local officials said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013 .   other pest control companies were found in possession of methyl bromide .
the boat was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the libyan port of misrata .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .   italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 .
nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb mount everest for this year 's climbing season .   the april 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to summit on mount everest .   in 2014 , the nepal climbing season killed 16 nepalis .
the walkout occurred on the set of `` the ridiculous six '' near las vegas , new mexico .   the script called for native women 's names such as `` beaver 's breath '' and `` no bra ''   `` they were being disrespectful , '' a navajo actor says .   the movie as a western spoof on `` the magnificent seven '' has not come .
charlotte dujardin says she 's `` living the dream '' as a dressage legend .   dujardin and valegro won their second fei world cup finals in las vegas .   the world and european titles were second in the sport .
medi tarsim was sentenced to death for killing her employer 's wife in 1999 .   she was the second indonesian domestic worker executed by the saudis this week .   siti tarsim had been beheaded .
pope francis ' ambassador to the vatican for `` consultations '' on sunday .   turkey 's former ambassador to vatican says pope 's use of word `` genocide '' was `` evaluation ''   the pope says it 's `` the first time turkey 's '' ambassador home from the vatican .   `` we do not believe our diplomatic ties with the vatican are over , '' he says .
a third person arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape .   police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. tuesday in panama city beach .   kennedy had been arrested and charged with sexual battery .
next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary .   `` forty and f*ck '' will play with a new drummer .   the band will perform two shows .
the airstrikes were carried out in the golan heights against four militants from syria .   three of the alleged attackers were killed , israeli military says .   the airstrikes are not known as a group of armed terrorists .
boko haram : isis , the self-anointed islamic state , is a strategy for the jihadi chiefs .   they say the men ' treatment of their female victims treat women in radical strategy .   they say boko haram is one of the world 's most popular islamist groups .
mount st. joseph university in cincinnati died at age 19 .   lauren hill died early friday after her fight against brain cancer .   head coach dan benjamin says her life on the school has died .
the thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of hatton garden safe deposit boxes in the heart of london 's jewelry district .   the thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building .   police official said the loss could run to 200 million pounds or 300 million dollars .
phil rudd has pleaded guilty to threatening to kill and possession drugs in a new zealand court .   the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis .   rudd could face up to seven years in prison .
ursula ward was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison .   odin lloyd was her first born , her only son `` odin was the man of the house ''   aaron hernandez played football for the new england league league in boston and four titles .   odin lloyd 's uncle says he is a champion of family .
saudi arabia announces the end of its air campaign .   saudi airstrikes targeted rebel positions in three parts of sanaa , two yemeni defense ministry officials say .   the strikes caused no casualties but did destroy all three military compounds .
roseanne barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma .   the actress is `` my vision is closing in now , '' the actress said .   barr also said that she is slowly going blind .
freddie gray died last week from a spinal cord injury .   boston fans were at home in oriole park .   saturday 's game against chicago white sox .
the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is delivered .   the ncaa says the students did n't get an education .   the lawsuit says it is `` it 's double talk '' about the ncaa .
former new england patriot aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev are in louisville , kentucky .   sen. rand paul says he will run for president in chicago .   tsarnaev , life in prison , found guilty of death penalty .
quadriplegic with cerebral palsy left lying in philadelphia 's cobbs creek with only a blanket and bible .   man 's mother on sunday charged with aggravated assault .   police say man was abandoning her son and suffered eye problems , malnutrition and cut to back .
the student is no longer on campus and will face student conduct review .   the student was identified in an investigation by campus police .   the incident is part of racist events involving college students .
dawn milosky , 45 , of new jersey , is charged with driving while intoxicated .   the driver was pinned inside and cut off the seat belt .   the woman 's limp body was found in the crash .
obama administration 's point man in `` uncharted territory '' is a problem that is off the terror group .   brett mcgurk is the comments in the fight against isis in syria .   the u.s. now has 62 countries in the coalition .
the six protesters used ropes and harnesses to protest the company 's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska .   the polar pioneer is on its way to the arctic .   greenpeace says the boarding is illegal .
`` kurt cobain : montage of heck '' was `` a 15-year-old goth kid ''   frances bean cobain was daughter of kurt cobain and an producer of the new documentary on his life .   frances says she does n't want to work with her mother , courtney love , and new film .   she says she 's `` one '' of his own story .
underwater search area for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 disappeared more than a year ago .   search of current priority zone could take as long as a year .   size of doubled search area would be bigger than u.s. state of pennsylvania .
doug hughes : `` my flight is not a secret , '' florida postal carrier says .   hughes ' friend says he is trying to shooting me down to congress .   he is expected to appear in court today .
boston prosecutors released video of the shooting of a police officer last month .   the gunman shot to death by officers .   he is a former army ranger .
the group of six young men were arrested sunday .   they are accused of trying to join isis .   the isis terrorist network is a community of somali immigrants .
timothy mcveigh : the attack killed 168 men , women and children .   he says the attack was `` lost innocence '' in the 1995 attack .   he says it 's not clear how many people were killed in the attack .
three of the militants were killed by iranian forces near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reports .   jaish al adal says it aims to thwart iranian influence in pakistan .   the sunni muslim group has targeted shiites .
the nigerian city is among african metropolises which have seen the number of millionaires on the continent .   cities could join an existing club of african wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals .   nigeria is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020 .
two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in a leg .   a 20-year-old male from st. louis county was arrested by police on april 12 .   freddie gray died one week later from spinal cord injury .
australian foreign minister julie bishop said the deal is `` an informal arrangement '' with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis .   bishop became the first australian government minister to visit iran in 12 years .   australia is part of airstrikes against isis .
tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .   pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between mayweather and pacquiao .   the cheapest tickets for the bout are available at $ 1,500 .
`` monty python and the holy grail '' premiered 40 years ago .   the movie was a spoof of the arthurian legend .   python member graham chapman had alcohol withdrawal .
zhou yongkang , 72 , was charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets .   zhou was one of nine men who ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people .   he retired in 2012 .
north korean leader kim jong un announces visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations .   north korea has first official foreign trip since north korea in 2011 .   north korea 's nuclear program is one of world leaders who have been involved .
the university of nebraska at omaha gets a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams .   `` how we roll in omaha . frozen four appearances and projectile tacos , '' twitter user says .
house speaker john boehner says iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program .   he says it would reduce iran 's low-enriched uranium stockpile and cut .   iran 's nuclear program in iran will not be seen in more heat than light .
freddie gray , a black man with spinal cord injury in baltimore , has been out on tuesday .   charmington 's , rothschild , workers and local businesses in baltimore are trying to help clean up .   the cafe would remain closed on tuesday .
more than 300 suspects arrested in south africa .   attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans .   charity says about 8,500 people fled to refugee .
lz granderson : `` mental illness '' is one of many people with mental illness .   he says we do n't have mental illness or mental illness .   she says we need to stop mental illness as a mental illness .
gourmet pizza of walkerton , indiana , has been in a debate over indiana 's religious freedom restoration act .   indiana pizzeria : `` we are not `` religious freedom '' debate ''   `` i do n't know what 's going on my facebook page , '' a man says .   `` if i want it , i 'll be able to get a same-sex wedding , '' he says .
nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .   doyne , nepal , met women and children in nepal .   the school is home to about 50 children .
the solar impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in china .   pilot bertrand piccard is flying the single-seater aircraft from abu dhabi on march 9 .   the pilots say renewable energy has been 12 years .
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september .   the pope would negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries .   the vatican says he would stop in cuba .
`` it is pure visual silence , '' photographer andres figueroa says .   the lack of humidity provides conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe .   `` dancers of the deserts '' series take place every july in the atacama .
the sewol ferry sank on april 16 .   a year later , park 's life have been sent to jail on criminal charges .   park eun-mi is recovering from the death of her daughter .
70 % of `` kate effect '' baby girl could be worth $ 1.5 billion .   34 kings , six queens over british monarchy have died .   prince charles says it is a great british high street .
mui thomas is fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis .   mui suffers from rare genetic condition that causes skin on face and body red raw and open .   she 's been born with harlequin fish , her skin is not a fashion model .
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information .   no arrests have been made , a u.s. official says .   some cities have increased their security as a precaution .
the video of michael slager at walter scott with north charleston police .   a defense attorney says the video was shot in a police body camera .   it 's unclear whether scott 's family will be able to die in prison .
the james webb space telescope is scheduled to launch in october 2018 on an ariane 5 rocket from french guiana .   it 's the successor to hubble instrument that has been in space for 25 years .   scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with jwst .
japan 's space agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe .   the mission will cost in the region of ¥ 10 billion to ¥ 15 billion -lrb- $ 83.4 million - $ 125 million .   the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies .
larry johnson says there was a pressurization problem with skywest flight 5622 .   johnson says a flight attendant was trained to help with a sick passenger .   johnson : `` we were n't going to land ''   the federal aviation administration says it 's investigating .
kim bok-dong , 89 , is a sex slave of the japanese army .   she is 89 now , and she can no longer walk unassisted .   kim says she has no plans to share her story .
police found 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer .   boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and the computer act .   the victim filed a complaint on his phone last year .
a baby boy was pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake on saturday , killing more than 5,000 people .   his name is sonit awal , and he 's just four months old .   sonit 's father shyam awal was at home .
walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston on saturday .   creator phillip hyman was shot in the back by an officer on saturday .   hyman is an icon of the black lives matter movement .
a saudi general says the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward yemen .   three saudi military officers were killed and 342 others have been wounded , a defense official says .   yemen has been killed since the start of saudi-led military operations against shia fighters .
tulsa was charged with second-degree manslaughter at the tulsa county jail .   eric courtney harris ran in the back with a handgun on april 2 .   harris ' brother says the shooting was an `` excusable homicide . ''
at least six people this week are other nations to evacuate their citizens from south africa .   zulu king goodwill zwelithini is not the first xenophobic violence .   violence against immigrants in port city .
actress alyssa milano allegedly confiscated breast milk while she was on a plane .   milano had been on a trip with her husband in an tweet as a `` romantic getaway ''   travelers can carry breast milk through security , the airport says .   the milk was also confiscated .
michele bachmann died in the crash on march 24 .   he is accused of trying to bomb his pilot 's license with his iran deal .   `` your allusion is so inappropriate , '' coca tweets .
islamic state of iraq and syria backbone of isis is about power , says isis report .   isis : isis is not about religion -- its version of radical islam -- but it is power .   isis : we need to know that isis will be able to work on the future .
the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay .   kemp was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation .   `` just got paid '' was a no. 1 hit on the u.s. billboard .
holland left tampa , florida , on march 29 .   two passengers found dead inside their stateroom on the ship .   it 's in san juan , puerto rico .
screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope men at denver international airport .   the male tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would alert a female tsa officer .   police say the scheme was walking through .
kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims .   citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes .   the hashtag # 147notjustanumber killed at garissa university college .
tulsa county reserve deputy on administrative leave after `` inadvertently '' shooting suspect with gun .   police say robert bates , 73 , pulled out his taser during arrest , but shot suspect .   harris died at a local hospital after being selling undercover crimes task force .
kevone charleston of austell , georgia , is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 .   two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot .   charleston was shot before being captured .
aaron hernandez will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship maximum-security prison , one of the most high-tech jails in the united states with no history of breakouts : the souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley .   hernandez , 25 , is sentenced to life without parole .   legal advocates for inmates identify souza as violent .
freddie gray died of a spinal injury sunday .   one man was arrested .   baltimore mayor : `` we wo n't stop ''   six police officers suspended with pay .
a new york detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $ 3,000 .   the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes , police spokesman says .   cyrus , the store 's manager , noticed the money was gone from a box .
photographer simon brann thorpe uses the project `` toy soldiers ''   thorpe 's project is `` visual metaphor , '' he says .   thorpe is in the desert of western sahara , a northwestern africa .   he says the conflict is `` a viewer of soldiers '' from the conflict .
the u.n.-sponsored talks should resume `` but only after a complete halt attacks , '' houthi spokesman says .   the previous round of talks between houthi rebels and yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi failed in january .   five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province .
gwyneth paltrow will live on a food stamp budget for one week .   the #foodbanknycchallenge is a celebrity chef of the star 's .   paltrow will be just under $ 30 for groceries .
attorney general eric holder to members of the u.s. justice department .   soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking .   if prostitution is legal or .
bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die in boston marathon bombing , jury says .   adrianne haslet-davis and husband adam davis were killed when bombs planted by brothers .   haslet-davis and davis had been in afghanistan with air force .
a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour -lrb- 374 miles per hour -rrb- on an experimental track in yamanashi .   the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 mph per hour .   the train broke its own record from last thursday .
etan patz is charged with the 1979 killing of etan patz .   his lawyer says he is mentally ill .   hernandez has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and is iq .
hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix from teammate nico rosberg .   mercedes driver and teammate vettel will start in third .   kimi raikkonen will join vettel on second row .
oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor common has closed a deal to join the cast of `` suicide squad , '' warner bros. ' all-star action movie .   david ayer is directing the feature , which already boasts actors jared leto as the joker , will smith as margot robbie as harley quinn .   there will also be cameos of jesse eisenberg luthor and ben affleck .
walter scott , 50 , was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott , killing him .   slager is also now `` terminated '' from north charleston police officer michael slager .   scott was a black man as he ran away with his back to police .
every three residents living in poverty is under 18 .   many schools face high dropout rates , after-school programs and students .   nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .
`` around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes , '' unicef says .   the campaign has `` leading snapchat artists '' based on drawings from children in nigeria .   more than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence .
brynn duncan , 21 , is back at home in easley , south carolina .   her food allergies so far , she says : `` new crisis , '' brynn duncan says .   brynn : `` i do n't think i would be going to die , '' she says .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements .   the five members of china 's rights action group were detained last month , guangzhou and hangzhou .   u.s. secretary of state : `` free the five '' is a twitter .
`` solares '' is the photographer carolina sandretto .   the photographer is from italy .   fidel castro has a home in the socialist utopia , but it 's not known for him .
marion `` suge '' knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges .   knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted .   knight suffers diabetes and blot clots .
americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week in illinois .   lincoln 's `` the union is older than one national family , '' he says .   the constitution 's text is unilateral secession .
prince harry is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces .   harry `` will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in sydney , darwin and perth , '' the australian defence forces said .   he has already spent time with australian troops on invictus games .
spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform .   spacex , the private space exploration company will launch a two-stage falcon spacecraft called dragon on a flight from florida .   spacex says the rocket will be able to cut costs .
over 4,400 dead , 8,000 injured and 8 million people in nepal affected .   aid groups and 16 nations agree to help victims of the disaster .   nepal is only one international airport to deliver aid .
robert lewis burns jr. died friday night in a car crash .   burns , 64 , died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in cartersville .   no other cars were involved in the crash .
the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust .   she had been called the `` smallest sculpture ever made ''   hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who works with an `` nano-sculptures lithography ''   the `` nano '' project is one of hurwitz ' science-inspired .   hurwitz is the world 's `` nano-sculptures , '' and an ant .
some supervisors were told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records .   the volunteer deputy 's records had been falsified emerged `` almost immediately ''   bates claims he accidentally fired his handgun at harris .   sheriff 's office denies allegations .
the sun was at garissa university college .   four terrorists were killed .   at least 36 people died in the attack on a quarry near somali border .
johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky treasure hunt & coloring book '' is at no. 3 on amazon .   coloring book titles are being used by work-addled adults .   basford and basford are in the uk .
vivien leigh played scarlett o'hara in `` gone with the wind '' on saturday .   the outfit was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california .   it was the most sought after item .
pluto and its largest moon , charon .   the probe is due to make its closest approach to pluto on july 14 .   new horizons will shed light on a third zone of the solar system .
the boat sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized .   the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize .   a u.n. official says people on the boat were saved .
a jury of rolling stone 's media peers discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia .   the magazine 's decision not to fire its newsroom operation is not a rape on campus .   rolling stone has 2.7 million hits .
lane bryant has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line seeking to `` redefine sexy ''   a group of plus-size models show off the bras and panties .   the campaign is dig at victoria 's secret and its popular angels line .   the ads will be featured in the company 's stores on tv .
paul walker was on break from filming `` furious 7 '' at the time of the accident .   `` he was a person of humility , and compassion , '' kyle upham says .   walker 's death in november 2013 at the age of 40 .
cher and turks were killed during the 100th anniversary of the 100th killings .   they were on the eve of the killings that killed one million armenians .   `` mother armenia '' is the first genocide of armenia .
`` we '' is one of the world jazz , he says .   do n't know what you want to do with the violence ?   do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn ireport .   use the daily discussion to help you understand .
the obama administration 's clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan .   the white house will celebrate earth day .   obama 's climate plan is aimed at carbon emissions .
frank jordan , 37 , was fishing on a sailboat in the atlantic ocean .   he had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted on his ship .   his son , louis jordan , took his sailboat out in january .
in pakistan , free speech is dangerous .   mahmud died from five bullet wounds .   she is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral .
`` the drones have been tested in controlled conditions , '' he says .   police in india bought four drones .   the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray .
the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence says .   u.s. warplanes have been bombing isis positions in iraq since november .   canadian forces are part of the coalition .
duke officials say the rope noose was found near a student center .   photos of the noose appear on social media .   the incident is part of a racist incident involving college students .
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announces three days of mourning last week .   mohamed mohamud is in an al-shabaab militia known for control of somalia .   mohamud is not kenya 's terrorist terrorist .
mission controllers at johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory in laurel , maryland .   probe slammed into the surface of mercury , nasa says .   crash was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun .
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban asked fans to remind parents to get screening tests .   arizona gov. doug ducey wants arizonans to get any lab test .   medicare 's `` test me '' test wo n't be more health .
andrew getty , one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes .   there is no foul play involved in the death of getty , grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty .   some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home .
henry louis gates : `` finding your roots '' is his family 's dirty laundry .   affleck says he does n't want any tv show about his family to slaves .   affleck : `` i 'm sorry , '' he says .
italian coast guard fears 400 migrants could be missing .   a migrant boat carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea .   at least 480 migrants have died in 2015 .
gov. jerry brown says mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and towns in the state to reduce usage by 25 % .   the 25 % cut in water use about 80 % of california 's developed water supply , state officials say .   the sierra nevada snowpack says it is `` in a new era '' for the drought .
explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others , public health says .   the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , spokesman says .   mullah abdul rauf was killed in a drone strike .
attack at university in garissa killed 147 people in nairobi , kenya .   al-shabaab militant group claims responsibility .   kenyans used social media to talk about victims of victims .
las vegas is home to the finals for sixth time since world cup finals .   80,000 fans will attend this week 's event with $ 8 million budget .   tim dutta says horses , it 's two horses per box .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february .   he told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man .   valencia , who survived and faces more than a charges for an alleged crime spree .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 .   the disease does not appear to be contagious , he says .   those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60 .
heather mack , 19 , gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago .   schaefer was found guilty with her boyfriend , tommy schaefer , on the indonesian island .   schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison .
persian new year 's norouz is `` a good year : its spring , '' iran says .   tehran and six world powers to be over nuclear negotiations in 2016 .   president hassan rouhani says he wants to do so far .
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .   crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros .   italy basilica of assisi is 50 years old .
russia expects north korean leader kim jong un to visit moscow next month for world war ii anniversary celebrations .   this would mark kim 's first official foreign trip since late 2011 .   kim will meet with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit .
iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed .   ayatollah ali khamenei , the islamic republic 's supreme leader , is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal .   he has `` never been optimistic about negotiations with the u.s. '' negotiators from iran and russia .
this page includes the show transcript . transcript .   use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .   the the u.s. astronaut offers students to be featured on today about on cnn student news .
six people , including one civilian , killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station .   ansar beit al-maqdis has claimed many attacks against the army and police in sinai .   40 people were injured .
president obama visited washington 's howard university on climate change .   he says the clean air act is a public threat than climate change .   obama : `` we do n't want to see what we want to do ''   he says obama is trying to take his action .
frida ghitis : christians the world over more than 2 billion of us .   he says it 's time of the year that iraq students in kenya , kenya , iraq , kenya .   ghitis : iraq has a history of christians , but it does n't have to be done .
`` the meatrix , '' a animation parody of `` the matrix '' and `` organic food '' are fringe .   america 's food system is complex , says factory farms .   it 's an example of the sustainable food movement .
tokyo electric power company deployed the second robot last week after the first one broke down .   the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected .   tepco says the site 's still too dangerous for workers to enter .
the pope 's brother , jimmy , died of cancer .   it 's not yet known for pope francis , he says .   `` i do n't know if i was a priest , '' she says .
obama 's iran diplomacy has conservative critics .   hillary clinton has been in panama for a regional summit .   cuban leader raul castro will be a cuban leader .
misao okawa was born on march 5 , 1898 .   she left three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .   her family ran a kimono shop in osaka .
tripadvisor 's providenciales caye held the top ranking on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row .   it 's the world 's top 10 islands for 2015 .   ambergris in the turks and caicos , tripadvisor also has two 10 islands .
the virginia supreme court says the law is `` 1 ''   columbia journalism school says it will apologize to the legal action .   the magazine says it does n't know what it is .   it 's unclear whether it 's not private .
blue bell ice cream has shut down one of its manufacturing plants at the company 's broken arrow , oklahoma .   public health officials warn consumers not to eat any blue bell-branded products .   listeria monocytogenes was found in a cup of ice cream at a kansas hospital .
charleston , south carolina are not at friday night 's visitation .   scott was shot in the back by north charleston police officer michael slager .   scott ran from his car after traffic stop , shot from slager .
robert h. schuller , founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power ''   `` prayer : my soul 's . he was a great dad and a great man of god , '' said schuller 's life .   schuller , california , also sold a gentler message .
aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person .   chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and sing .   robots like chihira could replace humans for certain jobs .
wednesday 's `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 reveals the truth .   bobby drake , iceman of the x-men team travel to x-men .   in the `` x-men '' films , `` hot '' is gay .
president raul castro , on friday at a dinner in panama city for the summit of the americas .   the two nations have been on terms terms for more than 50 years .   the two leaders are expected to meet on saturday .
david lynch will no longer direct the revival of `` twin peaks , '' a cult 1990s television show .   he featured a fbi agent who went to the pacific town of twin peaks .   he said that the show 's third season will continue without him .
daisy bentley is a gallery in london to start a collection of paper shopping .   bentley says it is part of human nature to hold on to items .   bentley : `` i 'm not going to be able to find out what it is going to do ''   the artist has been working for the public for years .
three people in four states have fallen ill from blue bell products .   the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children .   the company recalled all its ice cream and sold in 23 states .
anthony ray hinton was a free man on alabama 's death row for murders he says he did n't do .   `` death row stories '' : hinton , 58 , was convicted of murder .   his lawyers say the state 's decision to dismiss charges against him .
india has evacuated some 2,500 people from yemen , an official says .   the passengers were indian nationals in sanaa , yemen and yemen .   air india is known as indian nationals work in other nations .
remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to uss oklahoma will be exhumed this year .   hope is most of battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified .   uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 .
cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the summit of the americas in panama .   the u.s. has not been able to join cuba for first time since 1962 .   cuba says it 's time to see how they play with venezuela 's summit .
violence has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right .   since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the syrian observatory for human rights says .   the death toll at 70,000 .
the first eruption on wednesday set off a panic in the region .   the eruption is a first for many in the world .   both are popular tourist destinations .
`` do you use toilet paper '' is anamarie shreeves , who lives in atlanta .   six month 's `` earth advocate '' is more than garbage for shreeves .   the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful .
professor : `` i 'm not career suicidal ''   the professor says he was a hero for youth .   he says his name will cost him a job suicidal jobs .   he says he has no plans to stop .
the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines may have survived .   the shiva temple pagoda is a temple pagoda and its main durbar square .   nepal 's hindu virgin goddess , or kumari , also have survived .
china 's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week .   only models on display will be with four wheels .   china 's auto market is second year of slower growth in 2015 .
the department of justice will negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department .   the department has charged with a practice of racial discrimination .   the review of the ferguson police officer was in response to ferguson police department .
charges include assault of police officer , robbery .   denver police report nine arrests in wednesday .   more than 60 people arrested in rally .   mayor : `` justice for freddie gray ''
ted cruz is a senator from texas for the first time as a presidential candidate .   iowa 's republican voter bloc is set to take place in iowa .   cruz : `` can i pray with you real '' ''   `` senator '' says he 's in iowa .
iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif has been secretary of state john kerry .   he was nominated to be foreign minister .   `` long live zarif '' search for `` mohammad javad '' zarif .
the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes .   the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons ' podcast and let it drop that fans can expect more of the comedy .   the fourth season was streamed on netflix in 2013 .
florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate .   an fbi informant met the men , david elliot moran and charles thomas newcomb .   driver said he and moran wanted him six feet under .
rurik jutting was charged with two counts of murder .   jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene and an alleged crime , police say .   sumarti ningsih was found in a suitcase on the balcony .
the last three defendants prosecuted in the death of drum major robert champion were convicted friday of manslaughter and hazing .   they will be sentenced june 26 .   champion , 26 , died in november 2011 after a band hazing ritual .
the palestinian authority is the 123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday .   the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories .   palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january .
michael slager has been charged with murder in the death of an unarmed black man .   scott was hit five times as scott runs away from slager and scott eight times .   it 's unclear whether scott ran away from the shooting .
kate parker 's daughter 's triathlon , a photographer , is one of parker 's `` strong is the new ''   parker 's mother : `` as a mom ''   parker says she does n't sign up for her own , but she says she 's not doing well .   `` i do n't want to get a picture , '' she says of her daughter 's race , parker says in her race .   the photo will be released next day .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .   the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty .   holmes faces 165 counts and murder charges .
jack white will wrap his touring efforts in support of `` lazeretto '' with a first-ever acoustic tour that will hit `` the only five states left in the u.s. '' he has yet to play .   the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person .   white will take a hiatus from touring .
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population .   over 65 million people , or 20 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans .   americans are 10 % of new prisoners .
muna mansour is from buffalo in new york .   her family is too dangerous to evacuate american nationals , he says .   houthi rebels have been fighting in yemen .
sissa abu dahou has dressed as a man in egypt 's conservative muslim state .   the grandmother of two women make up more 24 % of women to earn their own living .   dahou is a widow at egypt 's patriarchal south .
two new york women were also taken into custody this week on terror charges .   an fbi complaint shows social media messages dating back to august 2013 with keonna thomas .   the fbi says the fbi is trying to travel overseas to fight for isis .
orphans , inmates , psychiatric patients and prostitutes were infected with sexually transmitted diseases , lawsuit says .   the suit says more than $ 1 billion in damages .   a class-action federal lawsuit was filed against the u.s. government .
amanda curtis is ceo of a fashion company .   in china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an option .   rdj alice barker has n't been seen since the new york area .
more than 1,800 people have been killed in the earthquake .   the u.s. government is investigating 1,400 records .   google india offers $ 1 million in assistance .
nickelback front man chad kroeger says she was bedridden for five months .   lavigne believes she was bitten by a tick last spring .   lavigne says she has no health issues .
judge jeffrey sutton says state bans on same-sex marriage are constitutional .   gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry .   same-sex marriage bans in same-sex marriage .
marco rubio is all in the republican senator from florida .   rubio has been his own immigration reform on immigration .   he says rubio has an optimistic about immigration reform and cuba relations .
the indonesian supreme court ordered consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island ''   the 10 are being held ; a spokesman for the attorney says .   abidin is also a drug convict and indonesian citizen in the group .   chan and sukumaran have been convicted of a execution .
dilkhayot kasimov has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide support to terrorists .   three have pleaded not guilty to travel document fraud .   he is charged with conspiracy to join isis .
an iranian military observation aircraft flew in 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month .   the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in the region to negotiate a deal with tehran 's nuclear program .   iran has been active in supporting proxies in a persian gulf .
rory mcilroy wins the 2015 masters with two shots late on in the round .   spieth 's 15 birdies are 10 out from phil mickelson 's masters mark set .   the 21 year old is one of the fastest pga tournament .
alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from jeffrey epstein .   buckingham palace denies the allegations .   the alleged victims were allegedly forced to have sex with men .
new : `` out with dilma '' and `` time for change '' are in rousseff 's party .   new : police say it will not be an investigation into a kickback scheme .   the alleged corruption scandal occurred in sao paulo , brazil .
a border guard killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in yemen this week .   the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in saudi arabia 's asir region .   houthi rebels seized the southern yemeni port city of aden .
connecticut teen is in remission after six months of forced chemo treatments .   the 17-year-old was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september .   her attorney says she should be able to return to her mother 's home .
`` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' a judge says .   the three defendants were convicted of racketeering in three years in prison .   baxter has been charged with eight teachers .
scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica .   a new glassfrog found in costa rica was back in 1973 .   costa rica is believed to have 14 glassfrogs .
lee will stay in his official role until south korean president park geun-hye accepts his resignation .   calls for lee to resign after south korean tycoon was found hanging from a tree in seoul in april 9 .   south korea 's prime minister offered to resign on monday .
former heavyweight boxer mike tyson sold the house in 1999 .   he was part of bikram yoga creator 's religious freedom law .   he is a former heavyweight champ .
a majority of them are nepalese , indian and chinese residents .   dozens of people have filed reports for their missing loved ones .   the death toll in nepal is rising .
supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was justice ruth bader ginsburg .   ginsburg : `` it was marriage between a man and a woman ''   thomas says he is a `` marital rape '' and a `` subordinate relationship ''   he says marriage is not a crime but does n't know what it 's not to mention s&m .   justice anthony kennedy is the first vote to be a inquiry into the vote .
anbar official : at least 10 iraqi security forces killed against isis in ramadi .   ramadi says it 's unclear how government troops can hold front lines against isis offensive .   iraqi pm haider essawi calls for help to save city of ramadi .
fireball is the big brand of liquor in america .   retail sales more than doubled last year .   `` fireball is number one , we , '' fireball cinnamon whisky .
the pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on netflix on friday morning .   charlie cox is blind attorney matt murdock .   `` marvel 's ` daredevil , '' netflix 's latest offering is a well-scripted .
public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court in massachusetts .   the justices of the supreme court practice politics has not changed since 2003 .   the issue of same-sex marriage comes after the court on tuesday .
a 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance , ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches .   authorities found more than a man with a gunshot wound in his thigh .   ghlam was identified as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister says .
chris evans and jeremy renner apologized from the press tour for the `` avengers : age of ultron ''   robert downey jr. says she is a `` complete whore ''   fans on social media responded `` she 's a slut , '' and evans .   the character black widow was apologized for a relationship with captain america .   it 's unclear whether black widow will be in a avengers .
ronald williams , 21 , has been charged with a hate crime .   a 15-year-old is arrested in the 2014 shooting of michael brown .   st. louis police say they will be no hate crime .
fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on friday in upstate new york .   farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river .   one buffalo calf was found dead on friday .
`` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund , '' says deion sanders .   junior is a receiver at methodist university .   the nfl legend has a trust fund .
more than 200 students signed the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events for students .   bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and most lethal sniper .   michigan head football coach jim harbaugh .
richard dysart died of cancer at his home in santa monica .   dysart was a film character actor , and stage star .   `` l.a. law , '' a steven bochco-created legal show .
`` we have found a holy thing in a chest . it is a piece of a cross , '' says archaeologist and archaeologist .   turkish archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that jesus was crucified .   `` true cross '' is the first roman emperor to convert to christianity .
`` the americans '' is one of the best series on tv .   `` vikings , '' the first history channel scripted series .   fox 's remake is `` gracepoint .
the movie will take place in between `` revenge of the sith '' and `` episode iv : a new hope ''   jones will play a rebel soldier .   `` star wars : rogue one '' is expected to hit theaters december 16 2016 .   the movie wo n't appear in the teaser .
joy womack studied at the bolshoi ballet academy and was one of the first americans .   she says she was asked by an unnamed official to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles .   in 2013 she had claimed the dancer asked dancer to complaint .
the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak .   five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to hospital for treatment .   more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control .
`` furious 7 '' is the largest opening in north america since fall 2013 .   it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories .   it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by good friday .
a detroit mother arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two children inside a freezer .   stoni angela blair , 35 , is accused of killing her then 9-year-old son , stephen gage berry .   she has two other children .
gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala and the country has third in the killings of women worldwide .   two women are killed there every day , according to a 2012 small arms survey .   in guatemala , 10 out of every 100,000 women have killed .
`` everybody loves raymond '' was visiting family in texas .   he committed suicide , his sister says .   he is believed to have shot himself on raymond .
nicolas maduro , a former bus driver , went viral in venezuela .   in a video , maduro is known as maduro .   maduro says he is `` maduro '' and `` marleni ''   maduro : `` we want to talk about maduro , and i did n't know what i did .
giovanni lo porto was killed by a drone strike on january 19 , 2012 .   his work and his life is in harm to work on a reconstruction project .   lo muehlenbeck , a american warren weinstein , killed at least one al qaeda leader .
two bundaberg residents , a 71-year old woman , were found dumped in queensland bush .   the woman , a trainer , was charged with obstructing police .   the animal rights group has been arrested in australia .
six survivors of the paris siege in january are suing media outlet for dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking siege .   the media outlet is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages .   gunman amedy coulibaly was suspected in a police officer .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed two people in the death penalty .   indonesia 's sociologist max weber says it has a monopoly over legitimate use of violence .   state officials can do people to be killed .
jake tapper was the interim anchor of abc 's `` this week '' in 2010 .   he will remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and anchor of the union .   `` the lead '' has a rich tradition , he says .
swiss physicist jean-pierre water is a cleaner version of cloud seeding .   laser is a clean alternative to traditional cloud seeding : it can create new clouds .   laser is not on the list of weather modification .
jordan spieth beat tiger woods ' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par .   the 21-year-old golfer is the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament .   spieth 's sister says she is an inspiration for the masters title one day .
fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed .   the special will be filmed in advance and not air live .   the special is also produced by fox 21 television studios .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site .   the plane crashed march 24 from the town of seyne-les-alpes .   the cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash .
dr. kristen lindsey shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a photo of herself smiling .   the clinic fired lindsey 's limp body by the arrow 's shaft .   web traffic , the texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat .
queen elizabeth ii is britain 's head of state , but she 's politically neutral .   `` purring '' like a cat , she says .   the vote is a new prime minister .
facebook pages , a syrian port on syria , has been in dubai since dubai .   the syrian government says it 's time to get to europe .   `` i 'm syrian , '' turkey says .
cynthia lennon married john lennon when he rose to fame with the beatles .   john and cynthia lennon were married for six years from 1962 to 1968 .   `` john was always insecure , '' says cynthia lennon .
the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from iran that could be trafficking arms to houthi rebels in yemen , u.s. officials say .   president obama said the move was `` `` options '' for how it could react to iran 's behavior in the region ''   the u.s. says the u.s. has been trying to transfer weapons to the houthis , but it will be an iranian ship .   the iranian president said he was trying to monitor allies in the iranian convoy .
a u.s. defense official says an afghan soldier shot at u.s. soldiers at a provincial governor 's compound .   an afghan national army soldier was killed in the attack , a u.s. military official says .   other troops were injured in an attack in the city of jalalabad .
the u.s. consulate was the target of the attack , isis says .   at least four people were killed and 18 injured , police say .   the blast occurred with an explosion of a small improvised bomb .
`` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was written more than a century earlier .   findings show two men used computer software to analyze writings of three men .   study : `` we do n't believe theobald did n't make edits , '' researcher says .
saudi monarchy : saudi monarchy 's `` yemeni constitution and elections '' is a constitution .   they say saudi monarchy is n't likely to build democratic governments that empower people .   they say the attack on yemen can be seen as a houthi movement .
isis operatives executed two groups , believed to be ethiopian christians , in libya .   30 of its citizens were among the two groups .   one group is killed in libya .
seven party leaders , ed miliband of labour , put sturgeon first with 28 points to 20 for farage .   icm for itv , miliband and farage had 21 % of the votes .   david cameron of labour says it was no one winner .
assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden .   prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually assaulting another .   assange has said he fears sweden would extradite him to sweden .
the league hired attorney ted wells to run the investigation .   in january , the patriots beat the indianapolis colts 45-7 to the super bowl .   the nfl draft is on april 30 .
amanda curtis is ceo of a fashion company in new york .   she would be a double rainbow in the sky .   the video has over 40 million views .
the al marmoum camel race in dubai is the most gulf national in the team .   camel racing , camel owners and camel owners are among the camel owners .   the camels will be 14 races from the camels .
aaron hernandez is on trial for murder at 9 p.m. et .   the new england patriots owner robert kraft and his former boss shayanna jenkins .   hernandez says he does n't know why he is in court .
a third of prisoners have al qaeda links , a defense ministry official says .   hundreds of inmates escaped from al qaeda in aden after clashes with houthi rebels .   yemen has attacked a prison in the yemeni city of al mukallah .
david frum : president kennedy is a college student who worked in courage award .   he says climate change is an important way for climate change and climate change .   he says the u.s. must lead climate change for unity and growth .
nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in five years .   a defendant in america would be offered sterilization as part of a plea deal .   `` eugenics '' movement is a supreme court case .
`` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' is a much-discussed trailer .   ben affleck and henry cavill got to work on his own version .   `` batman '' characters adam west and christopher reeve were on the edit .
dr. sanjay gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu .   she is the identity of the patient .   blood has taken on her brain , she says .
lunar eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds .   parts of south america , china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse .   nasa says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year .
hillary clinton should n't be president as george w. bush 's testosterone to blame .   cheryl rios says her hormones are a `` perfect '' age to be president .   rios is the ceo of go ape marketing .
miami riots of 1980 were first major `` race riots '' since riots in 1960s .   suspect arthur mcduffie was killed in the death of four police officers .   james powell was killed when he was killed by police officers .
`` intimacies '' is the new american bible .   `` sexual relations '' is one of the most popular visitors in the town .   there are no men who have sex with them .
construction companies paid bribes to president dilma rousseff in sao paulo .   the demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached .   rousseff 's base is rallies in her support .
hillary clinton hugh rodham was found tipped over this week .   police are investigating but no other headstones knocked over .   funeral director says vandalism is weather-related .
erika langhart was 24 years old when she had a call from erika 's cell phone .   she was in a coma for her daughter , karen langhart .   erika 's mom says she has no birth control .
david frum : ayatollah khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , said he was drinking poison .   he says iran claims iran 's program is peaceful , but iran can invest in iran 's nuclear program .   ghitis : iran needs to end uranium enrichment if iran can get a deal with iran .
critics say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people .   20 states have some version of the religious liberty law .   state rfras are `` exceedingly rare , '' claims under those state rfras .
water temperatures warmer than they should be no snow , scientists say .   university of washington climate scientist says `` the blob '' could be a top issue .   scientists are concerned about the drought .
bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company .   drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests .   foreign business traveler : `` it 's an drinking etiquette ''   `` i do n't want to , '' he says .
ousted president convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence .   he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters .   all 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence .
this year is the time and the united nations ' international climate negotiations in paris .   the u.s. administration on its proposal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 .   the u.s. has said it is trying to curb heat-trapping emissions .
a new york grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man .   `` this one was on film , '' he says .   blacks are about 30 % more likely to be pulled over by police than whites .
japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the west of the fukushima disaster in 2011 .   japan 's prime minister says decision will restart two nuclear reactors in the country .   but locals say the reactors would survive a strong earthquake .
girl from cape town , south africa , was leaving the country to join isis , state security minister says .   the girl was accused of being isis recruiter .   australia teens suspected of trying to leave isis stopped at airport .
colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season premieres june 21 .   the network released a teaser video for season 2 of the plot synopsis .   here 's den of geek : `` true detective . ''
at least 147 people were killed at the kenyan school in kenya , kenya .   kenya terrorist attack : `` we do n't know what was happening ''   students ' families say they do not know what happened when they were killed .   kenya 's red cross police are investigating the attack .
nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs , marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .   the state trooper stopped the bus carrying nelly and five other people on interstate 40 .   he shot to fame 15 years ago with the track `` country grammar .
maharashtra animal preservation bill bans on killing of bulls and bullocks .   two men charged in connection with slaughter of cow slaughter in malegaon .   police say it is only way to solve cow slaughter cases .
the new south china mall is the biggest in the world to attract 100,000 visitors a day .   in 2005 , the goal was in dongguan in the south of the mall .   the mall has been an embarrassment for its owners and china .
the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans .   the charity says about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police this week .   local residents accused immigrants from other african nations .
kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page .   it has already been viewed more than 1 million times .   kijoto is a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla .
james holmes is on trial for 165 counts , murder and attempted murder charges .   the shooting suspect has pleaded not guilty by insanity .   pierce o'farrill was shot dead in the day .
basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran 's religious leaders .   the commander says the basij has not been caught up in the fight against isis .   iranian officials say iran will do it to fight isis .
`` one of the officers told me to stop , but it was an abuse , '' santana says .   santana has said he feared for his life .   scott was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident .
a fire broke out friday at the general electric appliance park in louisville .   no reports of anyone injured or trapped , he says .   the fire was at least four alarms .
pope francis sold for $ 30,500 at auction house in uruguay .   the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo last year .   the pope donated the harley-davidson to charity .
authorities evacuated about 300 people from the abkatun permanente platform after the fire started .   at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours .   the fire had been extinguished wednesday night .
april 27 is seen as freedom day in south africa .   the country 's first democratic elections in 1994 election .   the fall of apartheid is a system of racial segregation .
the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault .   the university of virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus .   the virginia attorney general said the allegations were `` jackie , '' but it was n't .
sen. elizabeth warren says she 's not running for president .   she says she does n't want to fight for the middle class and make washington work for families again .   warren is a texas democrat .
white sand beaches with black sludge and wildlife .   bp oil spill 's legacy is out of mind .   it 's not clear how to do it .
a boat 20 or 30 feet long spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor .   the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011 .   the boat fragment was found this week , towed to newport .
michael keaton 's third turn hosting `` saturday night live '' this weekend .   `` i had a new girlfriend , she 's 28 , '' he says .   keaton 's `` deadpan '' and `` batman '' in `` it 's showtime ! '' show also tweets .
dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty .   the 21-year-old graduate student died in a blast in china .   prosecutors say the blast killed student tamerlan tsarnaev .
the cape verde islands are home to a number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world .   the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade .   cape verde 's prime minister and jose maria neves are among the music .
executions of chan and sukumaran are executed australia 's relationship with singapore in 2005 .   indonesia 's president joko widodo says he was trying to make executions to singapore .   van 's death : van tuong between canberra and jakarta .
the british-led war games are code named joint warrior .   nato says they are not a deliberate response to russian military 's behavior .   13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships .
`` star wars '' fans will also include special features .   one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies .   ` star wars ' films available for digital download for first time .
first city election since white police officer killed michael brown last august .   three of the six council members are black .   st. louis elections officials say turnout is low .
sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder since its ship in southern ocean .   crew of alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists .   pursuit ended early monday in guinea , off west africa .
the `` star wars '' saga would be released on digital hd at the end of the week .   `` daredevil of hazzard '' actor james best is known as a `` l.a. law '' actor .   `` the vampire diaries '' star nina dobrev is in the cw series .
the new `` star wars '' is due out december 18 .   j.j. abrams , the force awakens , cast ` star wars ' 787 dreamliner .   carrie fisher , mark hamill and others are among the stars .
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of attack in the boston marathon bombing .   his son , leo , 3 , died after the bomb hit him in his head .   a group of tsarnaev relatives say tsarnaev will die .
lamborghini sports car crashes at walt disney world speedway on sunday .   gary terry of davenport , florida , lost control of vehicle .   he was hospitalized with minor injuries .
julian zelizer : president obama 's nuclear deal with iran is in nuclear nuclear deal .   he says obama 's `` great satan '' is a supreme leader for iran , but it 's not clear .   zelizer : obama 's sanctions on iran has been a problem for iran .
in neolithic times trepanation , or drilling a hole into the skull was thought to be a cure for epilepsy to migraines .   it could even have been emergency surgery for battle wounds .   surgeons are using an ancient technology that say heal .
warren weinstein 's family paid money to his captors , a source says .   she is serving an 86-year sentence for islamic jihad , source says .   she has been accused of `` al qaeda '' and `` afghans '' in exchange for weinstein .
the 128 parks that charge a fee will be free two days .   it 's all part of national park service 's 407 sites .   the park service offers out $ ideas .
more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina .   ray gricar 's red mini cooper found abandoned near a bridge in 2005 .   no one has been given to a district attorney .
barney frank was first member of congress to marry same-sex rights in office .   he says lgbt people should have vote against lgbt rights .   `` we 're winning , '' he says .
at least 30 states have increases in hepatitis c rates every year .   syringe exchange or syringe services programs are promote and encourage drug use .   an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected .
police are looking for suspects .   no one was injured in the shooting , police say .   lil wayne was a `` corvette style vehicle '' and an suv .
houthi rebels have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment .   saudi special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles .   the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh .
an alaska airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing monday .   a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold .   the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
`` furious 7 '' hits theaters friday .   no women in the category were no actors of color at the oscars .   `` selma '' could n't be more diversity .
a second season on netflix will be coming in 2016 .   `` daredevil '' is just one of four series .   avengers characters `` jessica jones '' and `` luke cage '' among netflix .
in 2014 more than 80 % of the libyan coast trek to the mediterranean coast are embarkation .   one african migrant said on toothpaste for years .   in villages in senegal and west africa young men sell all in europe .
mariah carey 's 1994 hit `` all i want for christmas is you '' is a classic .   producer jonathan shestack is working on the project with carey 's director brett ratner .   `` it will be a bit about how music can take you back in time , '' shestack says .
donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year .   in the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , wealthy older men .   shelly sterling 's gifts from donald sterling was $ 2.6 million in gifts .
u.s. patent says most people want to change their name to trademark law .   group says it 's `` immoral '' and `` redskins ''   group says trademark protection is immoral , but it 's not a trademark act .   americans say they do n't know what they do .
two delaware boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital , family 's lawyer says .   teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john .   epa says methyl bromide can cause health effects .
amy winehouse 's teaser for `` amy : the girl behind the name '' features early footage of winehouse talking about how her music career was born .   winehouse was the first trailer for a documentary on the life and music .   winehouse was released on july 3 .
jerome r. hunt was carrying a suspicious package scaled a white house fence sunday night .   the man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the south lawn .   hunt is in custody and charges are pending .
elizabeth sedway has cancer .   she was on a flight to san jose california .   her cancer fight was in hawaii .   she has a medical issue .
hillary clinton presidential campaign gives clinton cash to charities run by the clinton family .   the book will allow clinton to take a candidate on a new book about bill and hillary rich .   president obama says it 's not a matter of the book , but it is not yet to blame .
this week 's attack on garissa university college is al-shabaab 's fifth major assault in kenya .   the thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead .   al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 kenyan soldiers .
freddie gray was arrested by police on april 12 .   gray 's family say his voice box has been crushed and his neck .   police are investigating the case .
an unidentified male does not have an apparent connection to terrorism , police say .   the shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase , authorities say .   a witness says it was `` no nexus to terrorism '' terrorism .
an improvised bomb exploded near a u.n. vehicle .   three african union troops died in an ambush in somalia .   somalia 's president calls it an attack against our country .
kim jong un ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year .   shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the south korean national intelligence service , is one of the most closed .   intelligence officials say kim will visit russia .
creflo dollar apologizes to critics of his campaign to buy the luxury jet .   the clip was posted on youtube for $ 300 from 200,000 people .   the pastor says he is on his sabbatical .
a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty , a source says .   all civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel were on liberty island , police say .   the statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday .
jason warnock was in idaho when he saw the tree in idaho , idaho .   the gmc yukon and his driver were killed in the tree .   warnock says he did n't know how to do .
millions of cities across turkey lost power for hours on tuesday .   energy minister : collapse of energy grid is warm up for elections in june .   prime minister : `` it is the worst power outage '' in turkey .
`` the eureka factor '' is a subconscious remote association .   `` aha ! '' is being processed in the brain 's right hemisphere .   cognitive psychologists call it ` remote ' and most of us end .
new : three of the sightings were near aetna .   new : `` nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , '' spotters expert says .   `` there will be storms pop up all night long , '' a expert says .
crystal o'connor says new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians .   new : `` do n't do it cost you , '' he says in indiana town of walkerton .   critics say the couple 's wedding was to blame .
alaska airlines flight 448 was banned from working on alaska airlines planes , airline says .   ramp agent was a contractor for alaska airlines .   `` the menzies employee has been permanently , '' he says .
the orioles and chicago white sox will be closed to the public .   the game at oriole park at camden is a doubleheader for may 28 .   the game should be played without fan admittance .
the uss independence was scuttled during weapons testing near california 's farallon islands .   the wreck last month was a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in .   the echo ranger was a guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts .
obama promised to use the word `` genocide '' by turks of armenians .   it 's a moral year in a president obama 's promise to call it a genocide .   turkey has a military in nato .
odin lloyd had been shot seven times near a construction waste .   aaron hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide .   former new england patriots tight end guilty of first-degree murder .
robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man , playing cops and robbers with real police .   bates was a reserve deputy sheriff .   bates was part in more than 100 operations .
dean obeidallah : hillary clinton 's campaign video shows women and women in the ad .   he says clinton is a woman , but she does n't want if a woman-centered campaign is best strategy .   navarrette : sen. mark udall is mark udall for all women 's reproductive issues .
dc super hero girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content , toys , books and tv specials .   mattel is random house books for young readers will publish books .   `` my daughter will be a big fan i '' '' says jenna busch .
charles alasholuyi was one of more than 200 girls from celebrities to world leaders .   #bringbackourgirls is a social media campaign to plead for their safe return .   `` we should all feel shame , '' he says .
tejano star selena died 20 years after she was killed by her fan club president .   the singer 's family is `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona .   selena will be first figure to use acrovirt technology .
italian navy and coastguard rescued 100,000 people in the operation .   italian government cut back naval assets to boost migrants .   triton has rescued funding of mare nostrum .
king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes .   he was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .   he is part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
`` abucar 2 '' is a team of students from ahmadu bello university .   the students used locally available materials to build the vehicle .   the vehicle is built over five months , will travel to the netherlands in may .
`` poor kids of silicon valley '' spend $ 1,000 a month in rent to live in san mateo , california .   nicole , a woman , has a house that is home to 16 people and 11 children .   silicon valley is in an affordable housing crisis .
bruce jenner 's daughter kendall jenner says his other daughter is love .   lady gaga has gay and transgender issues .   `` i 'm a woman , '' she says .
ben & jerry 's and the new belgium brewery are up on a beer inspired by ice cream .   the new project will be `` impactful , '' he says .   the beer is set to hit in the fall .
archie brown jr. , 40 , was killed by a gmc van in milwaukee on sunday .   the driver and teen were felled by bullets fired by same man , police say .   ricky ricardo chiles iii is charged with his arrest .
kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the atlanta airport wednesday .   kelley has been wanted since 2004 , accused of kidnapping genevieve kelley 's daughter .   his wife genevieve kelley turned herself in to authorities last year .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez is accused of killing a man who was his friend .   defense lawyer james sultan told the jury that hernandez had no murder of odin lloyd at his home .   hernandez has a $ 40 million contract .
new medical technology could be key to people who need it .   it 's been 60 years since jonas salk 's vaccine began with school children in 1955 .   polio cases in u.s. has 90 % , cdc says .
stephen hawking recreate the signature `` galaxy song '' from their film `` the meaning of life ''   the collabo is in honor of saturday 's record store day , when the 7-inch single will be available for sale .   hawking 's version is designed for 40 years of ` holy grail ' when a filmed bit of monty python uses its live shows .   hawking has als and als .
`` 100 days of rejection '' jia jiang was an entrepreneur at the age of 30 .   his book called rejection of self-help and part motivational/autobiography .   in 2012 on his book , jiang told his book that his first child was born .
jason zobott is huntley high 's blended learning program .   it allows teachers to write the curriculum .   students have a flexible schedule in huntley learning days .
laura bernardini is a director of coverage at cnn .   she says the bible is a good book .   she says it 's a catholic in washington .
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as `` spice .   `` spice '' and other similar synthetic drugs often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana .   synthetic marijuana is popular among teens .
jenny 's cookies at $ 9 a tin in hong kong is one of the city 's most shopping .   the shop is in tsim sha tsui , hong kong .   food mania has fallen out in the world , but it 's not known for its cookies .
in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an practice on vice .   strippers are invited to perform funerals to attract more mourners , official says .   the attendee says the performances were `` add to the fun ''   `` kusangren '' is china 's focus .
robert durst is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver in his hotel room last month .   durst , a convicted felon , faces 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge .   durst was featured this spring in `` the jinx , '' a documentary documentary about him .
hillary clinton 's online declaration for president will shift to the campaign of foreign policy .   clinton will add to her `` firsts '' : first woman president ; first president james buchanan .   clinton : clinton will be a key issue in the campaign .
freddie gray 's family was criers in the desert against young people at police .   the family 's message was `` no protest , '' he says .   `` i want the family to go back home , '' says gray .
the white house says it does n't need congressional approval for iran nuclear deal .   the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising .   it would still be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive-based agreement .
nigerian schoolgirls are still missing in chibok , nigeria , in chibok .   365 days have died since they were taken up by nigeria campaigners in nigeria .   the nigerian government has been criticized for the past year .
prince jan zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against poles living in britain .   farage , the leader of the uk independence party , wants britain to leave the european union .   britain 's membership of european union is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants .
military and aid flights are indian military planes in nepal .   some buildings are not up to high construction sites .   nepal 's landmarks are not , but there 's no way to get out .
louis jordan , 37 , was rescued by a storm in norfolk , virginia .   the crew of the houston express container ship was a yacht .   it was a man on it for help .
as eight of mary jane veloso 's death row inmates were put to death by firing squad .   veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from malaysia to indonesia .   veloso maid and mother of two had at least for now .
the $ 16 million mary harvin center was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center .   gray 's funeral for gray was arrested on april 19 .   the funeral of freddie gray , a east baltimore 's church , has been arrested .
boko haram attacked civilians inside cameroon for first time in a month .   six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces , military spokesman says .   boko haram has been attacking sharia law in nigeria .
hbo documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' scientologist john travolta is not a fan .   travolta says he has not seen the documentary , `` and i do n't really care to ''   the actor , one of the church of scientology 's new film , is based on the book `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida .   travolta said he thought the doc was a factor .
jay z 's new music service service is tidal .   the uber private rapper/entrepreneur is the first ever music service .   jay z , jay z and jay z were among the service .
in new york city , mayor bill de blasio created pre-k education program for same-sex marriage equality .   liberal democrats have expressed more political space to move forward .   congress says it 's time for liberals to look local .
a russian tv channel video shows clinton 's first campaign video with a rating stamp .   the video bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' and gay rights .   human rights campaigners say russia 's anti-gay propaganda law is gay rights .
the circus business has been a part of the feld family since 1967 .   irvin elephants currently live here , 13 more will join the group by 2018 .   animal rights groups say the use of animals in the 115 cities visits every year .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 .   he suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death in baltimore .   the arrest and death has sparked protests .
heads of state from 35 countries have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the summit in 1994 .   venezuela 's president raul castro has been criticized for human rights violations .   the u.s. government says the summit of the americas is a `` triangle of tension . ''
espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week .   she posted an apology on twitter .   she says she should get away from her at a virginia business .
cassandra c. has been living at connecticut children 's medical center since december .   she was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma in september .   she said she would die within two years if left untreated .
martin o'malley and jim webb have a presidential run .   o'malley is a vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia .   `` it is a marathon and a marathon , '' one man says .
geoffrey lewis began his long association with eastwood in `` every which way but loose ''   lewis scored a golden globe nomination for playing bartender earl tucker .   he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' `` flo , '' `` pink cadillac '' and `` midnight in the evil ''   the actor also stood out as a gravedigger turned vampire in the 1979 tobe `` salem 's lot , '' a 1979 actor .   lewis was the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis .
don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning .   `` american pie '' is one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon .   `` i have two children and a wife , '' mclean says .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 .   he suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death in baltimore .   he was arrested for a charge of drugs .
paramedics from the los angeles fire department were called to her home .   `` she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an l.a. area hospital , '' she said .   mitchell , 71 , was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 .
in frankfurt , german prosecutors tried 22 former ss soldiers at auschwitz in a holocaust trial .   bauer bauer : `` it has not been one of the accused of oskar gröning ''   demjanjuk bauer , a attorney .   conviction , says he does n't know what happened .
wei tingting , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from haidian detention center .   the five activists on women 's rights are from 25 to 32 .   they will be in prison for a year .
maricopa county judge sherry stephens was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of travis alexander .   arias , 34 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in may 2013 .   arias will serve her sentence .
thin mints and sugar in the u.s. are gmo .   the key ingredient , glyphosate , a probable carcinogen , is 90 % of rape seed gmo oil .   the most popular cookie is sugar .
jon `` bones '' jones is wanted for `` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident '' sunday morning .   a pregnant woman in her 20s was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident .   jones , 27 , is the ufc light heavyweight champion .
`` avengers : age of ultron '' sequel was the eve of the series `` daredevil , ''   the new character for next year 's sequel `` x-men : ben hardy '' is a month .   paul bettany is a director of charlie cox 's red daredevil suit .   he says he will be played by marvel studios .
nyia parler , 41 , is a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days .   police say she left her son in a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland .   police say the quadriplegic man suffers from cerebral palsy .
al-douri ibrahim al-douri is the highest-ranking member of hussein 's regime to evade capture .   al-douri was killed in an operation by iraqi security forces and shia militia .   dna test results could be available in 48 hours .
one of its most wanted terrorists , the malaysian bomb maker known as marwan , was killed in january .   marwan was believed by the fbi to a asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's command .   tests have confirmed the man was the wanted islamic extremist .
johan bavman was a father of the sweden 's native sweden .   the photographer says he has a `` gender equality bonus ''   60 days of parental leave are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day .   sweden 's 60 daddy days are n't used .
tehran and saudi military intervention in yemen in the middle east .   for riyadh , the sunni arab nation is in a spiral status quo order .   the saudi military is trying to expand rebels in yemen .
`` the stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat ''   alexis keslar was walking with her twin sons , silas and eli keslar , along a canal friday .   police : `` no parent should ever have to lose a child ... but can be dangerous , '' police say .   the yuma canals are popular for joggers .
freddie gray was transported to a police station five days after his arrest .   he was stopped april 12 .   he should have been arrested in a seat belt .
new calls from aviation experts to deploy enhanced crash avoidance software could take control of aircraft away from pilot and safe altitude .   technology would work in fashion similar to crash avoidance technology .   plane 's flight guidance software would take over .
gao , 71 , sentenced to seven years in prison .   her lawyer says she would appeal .   the party 's ideological battle plan to advocates constitutional democracy .
at least 21 people were killed during a shipwreck off the northern coast of haiti .   the vessel hit a reef and sank as it was caught in bad weather .   11 victims have been identified .
`` the big bang theory '' will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as mothers of leonard 's moms are back .   `` saturday night live , '' saturday may 2 .   `` blue bloods '' is a tom selleck drama .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .   the troy , alabama , police department found video of an investigation into an unrelated shooting .   she was on spring break at panama city beach .
houthi leader abdelmalik al qaeda says it 's 20 kilograms of gold to those who kills shia muslim opponents .   at least 540 people have died as yemen 's fighting , u.n. expert says .   yemen 's houthi faction is bitter .
kim ki-jong has been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction .   kim stabbed lippert with a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw .   lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand .
`` sanctions are sanctions , '' putin says of ukraine and crimea .   the russian leader calls for a ban on a air defense system to iran .   iran 's nuclear program is not a threat to israel at all , he says .
some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden before his death in 2011 .   the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in afghanistan and pakistan as in italy .   some of the suspects were involved in a pakistani market bombing in 2009 .
the dreamworks film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation .   the film 's scribe robert gordon is expected to write the tv version .   `` school of rock '' will debut on nickelodeon this year .
the new law will take effect in six months .   around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change .   the law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples .
reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking iraq 's largest oil refinery .   additional troops came from camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near tikrit .   iraqi government security denies claim .
north korea 's ruler was expected to join moscow on the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii .   the trip was to be kim 's first official international trip since his father 's death .   kremlin says the trip had been canceled .
eight tornadoes reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri .   a video of cathy olson 's youtube shows a tornado on youtube .   no one has been injured in the tornado .
an officer 's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect could have killed the suspect .   video of the incident shows valencia did n't die .   mario valencia survived and was hospitalized .
roxy walsh was a antique ring at finn 's beach in bali .   the couple 's facebook page , kids in adelaide , reunite joe and jenny with the ring .   the langleys are australians in the town of noosa .
novak djokovic beats thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the monte carlo masters final .   the czech sixth seed 's current winning streak to 17 matches was berdych 's third in a final .   djokovic will play rafa nadal in the opening three season .
hillary clinton 's `` hillary clinton , '' '' trending .   you could n't go online , social media says .   her trending campaign is on twitter .
some of the men and women of the indianapolis police force are making their blues .   blue uniform shirts will be held for command staff members .   police officials say the change is a time of increased scrutiny of police operations .
the helicopter crashed near kampung in semenyih .   six people were killed in the crash .   the prime minister 's private secretary general was chief of staff .
mullah mohammed omar is `` still the leader '' of the taliban 's islamic emirate of afghanistan .   taliban 's `` cultural commission '' document biography of biography .   afghan observers say omar 's demise have been `` not alive .
the nine british citizens were arrested at the turkey-syria border , the turkish military says .   the group included four children , the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 .   uk police charge man with terror .
the missouri national guard used highly militarized words such as `` enemy forces '' and `` adversaries '' to refer to protesters .   the national guard 's language in ferguson , missouri , was used by a grand jury .   the guard was used to support law enforcement officers .
an egyptian court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities .   they were arrested in a crackdown on supporters of former president mohamed morsy .   badie has been on a hunger strike for nearly two years .
serving people with legal papers is `` service of process '' in new york .   judge : if you are going to sue , you should know about it .   he says it 's an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband .
`` i apologize . i sincerely apologize , '' patrick cherry tells wnbc .   the uber driver was arrested in a new york police department .   an uber driver has been charged with suspension .
the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities .   the lawyer for one of the women may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality .   china researcher : `` we do n't know what we can do ''   china 's lawyer : `` it 's not going to be a result of a crime .
iran 's army day parade is being held in iran and iran .   iran 's leaders are trying to fight isis in iraq .   iranian president says iran can work in iraq .
prince harry arrives monday in australia .   he visited the australian war memorial in canberra .   he has already spent time with australian troops on his military career .
macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of vision .   macular degeneration and glaucoma damages the retina to the brain .   roseanne barr says her vision is going blind .
andrew lesnie spent more than a decade collaborating with peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings ''   lesnie won his oscar for his work on the remake of `` king kong '' and `` the lovely bones ''   he also shot `` rise of the planet of the apes '' in u.s. theaters on monday .   the sydney native also worked with new zealander jackson on `` babe '' films .   `` we have been told the death of andrew , '' he said .
gulnaz gulnaz was jailed for adultery when she was raped .   gulnaz was raped by a cousin 's husband in afghanistan .   she 's now a third child of her husband .
the blue devils will meet four-time national champ duke in monday night 's title game .   national player of the year led kentucky with 20 points and 11 rebounds .   the first men 's team to have a 38-0 record .
bus station in gombe killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others .   explosion outside the bauchi motor park after bus was headed to nigerian city of jos .   boko haram has had suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations .
a giraffe at the dallas zoo is a champ .   katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby .   the baby joins a sister who has given birth .
lewis hamilton wins the formula one world championship by nico rosberg .   vettel is 13 points behind hamilton in the world championship and four points .   ferrari of sebastian vettel and ferrari will face rosberg on sunday .
tropical storm maysak gained super typhoon status .   it has since lost a lot of steam .   it 's now classified as a tropical storm , the philippine national weather service says .
kayahan performed most recently in istanbul on valentine 's day .   he died of cancer friday at the age of 66 .   the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .
`` silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , '' he died in 2012 .   randall is the musician 's own middle name , as his father 's .   couple announced pregnancy in january ; it is first baby to parenthood .
at least 25 people detained since january .   isis is a household name in america .   nine men charged as part of alleged cell linked to american abdi nur .
the 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge .   gray 's death in custody is a high profile deaths in baltimore police department .   gray has been out of jail since 2004 .
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire were `` hi `` s to highs , '' says mcguire .   the couple had a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 .   colorado 's first state of `` recreational '' sales came to colorado .
french customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .   french authorities arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vessel off martinique .   martinique 's value is estimated at more than $ 105 million .
hillary clinton : will she run for president in 2016 ?   she says it will be a woman in the white house .   she says women will be more likely than men .   he says it 's time that women can not win an event .
more than 1 million people were reported killed on mount everest .   at least 17 people have died in the quake .   the quake is strongest in more than 80 years .
the house of open air in nepal is one of the most dangerous people in the world .   the temple was found by a monastery in nepal .   it was taken by a brown cottage on a monastery .   `` i was at his family home , '' she says .
charlie hill is a new mexico police officer and an charlie hill for 43 years .   `` hey man , '' he says with hill 's extradition to the u.s. for two years .   hill has been in the u.s. and cuba 's harboring full diplomatic ties .
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010 's `` tron : legacy '' in the sequel .   `` legacy '' was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film .   disney has been developing a sequel to legacy .
an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on mediterranean crossing .   a cnn producer filmed using a mobile phone and incentives to gather as many migrants .   the smuggler was a senegalese and malian smuggler in tripoli .
malala yousafzai 's career has a nobel peace prize .   malala recovered with no neurological damage .   thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system .   scientist amy mainzer says malala is immortalized .
8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund .   the laws are biased against two-worker marriages and taxes go up .   the u.s. income tax system has a wage tax .
`` congratulations love of my life , '' tom brady wrote on instagram .   bundchen was the highest-paid model in 2014 .   the new england patriots quarterback will not go out .
the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009 .   `` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue '' is the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball .   `` scary lucy '' inspired the cost of fixing facebook campaign .
`` coin '' comes up eight times , and `` purse '' and `` denarii ''   money was a concern .   `` gold '' is a roman currency , `` copper ''   it 's not known as a new , but it 's too late to get it back to the act .   it 's the first time to have a history .
`` sopranos '' theorists take on david chase in new jersey .   chase 's details are `` sopranos ' ending . let it be .   tony soprano lives or dies .
amnesty international alleges death penalty last year .   at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 .   china has used the death penalty in its `` strike hard '' campaign against terrorism .
boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , convicted of 30 counts .   attorney : `` we can do ''   no punishment could be a campaign to avoid death penalty , he says .   `` we have seen more pain and more grief , '' he says .
the large hadron collider , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown .   the lhc 's first beams to start sunday in march .   scientists hope to find how the universe is the `` big bang . ''
a university of kentucky basketball player is black , said his words were `` in jest ''   harrison says he was `` over it '' after the team 's title game on saturday .   kentucky guard press player of the year said he did n't apologize for the poor choice of words .   harrison , who is white .
gary terry of davenport , florida , died at the scene .   the lamborghini 's passenger lost control of the vehicle .   he was hospitalized with minor injuries .
dr. mehmet oz will address his faculty position at columbia university unacceptable .   oz is a group of doctors who accuse him of `` lack of integrity '' in his tv .   the episode will air on thursday .
philip morris and r.j. reynolds filed suit this week against the food and drug administration .   the suit says those guidelines go too far and are too vague .   they violate the first amendment in march .
american troops will be inside the u.s. embassy by end of next year .   we are near jalalabad , at a afghan police force .   the project has been criticized by u.s. officers .
more than 100 people were arrested in new york in a nyc rise up down with baltimore , police say .   a `` philly is baltimore '' protest will take place in cincinnati .   denver police arrested 11 people for charges .
freddie gray , 25 , died in police custody from a spinal cord injury .   baltimore city state 's attorney marilyn mosby said prosecutors in the town had the toughest job in america .   mosby , 35 , was elected chief prosecutor in january .
the teenager was taken into custody april 2 .   he was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism .   he was arrested in blackburn , lancashire , was not named because of legal reasons .
alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles .   the plane was only in the air for 14 minutes .   the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
in the west , isis is known for its terrorist actions .   the group is the best videos of the week .   climate scientists believe an increase of 2 degrees celsius in the global average could .
president hassan rouhani says iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions .   iran 's president says the deal is `` we can cooperate with the world ''   rouhani : `` we do not lie '' that iran will be a more active player in world affairs .   iran 's nuclear program wo n't go back .
cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv .   `` orphan black , '' 9 p.m. et , april 18 , bbc america .   tatiana maslany has six roles on the show .
a county road worker and two sheriff 's deputies were on a work detail there .   the operator of the front loader was injured but able to walk to an ambulance .   three other inmates at the site were not hurt .
the north korean defector calls the comedy `` vulgar ''   kim jong un is still trying to buy a f-22 fighter jet .   south to north korea will see the movie , says lee min-bok .   `` the regime hates this film , '' he says .
less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians .   there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it .   u.s. supreme court has no case of same-sex marriage .
fethiye cetin was a prominent lawyer in her 60s .   her grandmother , fethiye journalist hrant dink , was killed in 2007 .   heranus was 9 when she tried for a insulting turkishness .
carlos colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body .   police say the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag in cambridge , massachusetts , was a discovery .   the remains at the same victim were found in cambridge .
the hatton garden heist is safe deposit box holder .   police will be able to find hundreds of thousands of pounds and $ 300 million .   hatton garden is one of london 's most famous jewellery .
al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of mogadishu , group says .   the attack killed four somali soldiers and eight civilians , officials say .   soldiers from african union are in somalia to support government 's fight against al-shabaab .
co-pilot andreas lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies before his aviation career .   medical records reveal lubitz was suicidal at one time .   lubitz 's motive was not suicidal , prosecutor says .
the map , shows gains in key central and northern areas of iraq , seized by iraqi security forces and coalition air power .   the fight against isis in iraq is a dynamic conflict against isis .   so far it say about the fight between the u.s. and isis .
gaetano cortese , a 27-year veteran of italy , is the 27-year police 's ship ship .   the ship is the first time to rescue migrants from africa and africa .   the ship has been transformed into europe since the 1970s .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe is expected to speak to a joint meeting of congress .   the first time in history that the head of the japanese government will address the u.s. congress .   prime minister abe 's appearance has started last month 's speech to congress .
most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems .   the flight deck is our `` safe '' place .   stress issues may manifest as depression .
it has been 42 days since the last known case of b3 strain of measles .   the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients .   two patients had a different genotype than the outbreak strain .
americans on the no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights .   the revised policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment 's guarantee of due process .   the decision was part of an american civil liberties union .
ben and shelby offrink are married in college .   shelby was diagnosed with brain cancer last year .   shelby says it is rare because of her spine .
more than 10,000 people have arrived on italy 's islands since last weekend alone .   italian coast guard says it is the `` promised land '' for thousands of migrants .   italy 's `` spigot '' of migrants has been criticized for $ 5 billion .
nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , office says .   oklahoma gov. mary fallin says it 's never been used in an execution in the u.s.   oklahoma 's executions have been used for lethal injections , the u.s. supreme court says .   the death penalty convicted killer clayton lockett .
the thai king bhumibol adulyadej approved a request from prime minister general prayuth chan-ocha to proceed .   human rights watch 's asia director brad adams says the new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta .   critics say it is a deepening descent into dictatorship .
the islamic state in iraq and syria is one of the official documents .   for isis , the group 's stamp : the isis documents .   there are no hotels in isis .
richard dysart died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness .   for playing the founder of the firm mckenzie , brackman was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .   dysart 's wife : `` he 's so -lsb- l.a. law , '' he says .
ryan shepard captures a photo of black cloud formation .   he says it was a tornado .   it could have been one of rio vista 's tornado .
`` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation , '' police say .   `` i condone black on white killings . hell they condone crimes against us , '' ebony dickens says .
hawaii is the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 .   the bill will now go before gov. david ige , who would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 .   the state 's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes .
wang pingan is a cyclist in the city 's huaqiangbei area .   the bike had been sold twice before .   police say an alleged criminal took him a photo .
chinese nuclear experts say pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .   chinese estimate of 20 warheads is in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium .   plutonium program at yongbyon has no detectable heat signature or topographic profile .
keegan is best known for her roles on the bbc series `` ordinary lies ''   her `` coronation street '' character tina mcintyre was the show 's first character to act as a surrogate .   `` fhm 100 sexiest women in the world '' issue starts this week .   the 27-year-old actress has been named the world 's most beautiful woman .
trey moses and ellie meredith are a high school freshman with down syndrome .   she is a star on high school 's basketball team in kentucky .   the school says it 's a blue chip college basketball .
`` of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , '' baltimore city councilman says .   `` just call them n ----- s. just call n ----- s , '' he says .   ` thugs ' is the 21st century word for the n-word .
east of kathmandu , nepal 's ravi opi , is off kathmandu for two hours .   one lane is one of the most kind of the quake in nepal .   the quake has been destroyed by 90 % of the houses .
a sexual harassment complaint filed against new zealand prime minister john key .   graham mccready 's complaint claims key had breached a section of the country 's human rights act .   mccready has launched private prosecutions against key .
`` we are at a social inflection point on transgender issues , '' says president obama .   `` transparent '' is the first president in a state of the union address on tlc .   bruce jenner and jazz jennings will star in a new cbs drama .
christopher scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing dahmer and another man in 1994 .   he says he did it because of dahmer 's creepy sense of humor .   scarver 's former prison minister says convict would make jokes .
the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have dna extracted by researchers .   scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 .   it took more than 20 years to get out of the cave .
dan swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form to remove the cancer .   swangard : `` it 's real for me ''   he says patients die in hospitals , hooked his pancreas and liver .   he says he ca n't say to be able to return to the disease .
anthony sideri hit rock bottom after heroin all day .   he used drugs and was arrested in 2007 .   he was arrested and had to undergo surgery .
`` all the light we can not see '' won the pulitzer prize for fiction monday .   doerr 's work was a finalist for the national book award .   it 's his second novel and fourth work of fiction .
vaccines do not cause autism , robert kennedy jr. says .   autism is not a death sentence .   kennedy 's rhetoric is an environmental disease , he says .
international organization for migrants may be three more migrant boats in distress .   maltese prime minister : gangs of criminals have lost their vessels on a boat .   a bangladeshi survivor says 28 people have been saved .
gov. nathan deal will legalize cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies ''   the bill is haleigh 's hope act .   haleigh 's mother , janea cox , has signed a bill for the bill .   it 's the primary psychoactive substance .
jeff courcelle was a bred fawn-colored doberman pincher .   her husband says she was `` not the right ''   parkinson 's wife says she did n't know what she had to do .   the hospital is no longer wear .
german media are reporting he died of pneumonia .   ethnic poles and jews were persecuted in the city of luebeck .   the nobel literature laureate was taken over the weekend .
two of its leaders were killed in cia drone strikes in january in north waziristan .   al qaeda 's al qaeda commander nurul hassan was killed in a raid .   al adnan shukrijumah , 39 , of al qaeda .
baltimore police say two people were detained for disorderly conduct .   no other arrests and protests were peaceful , police say .   gray died one week after he was arrested .
edwin sabuhoro was a warden in rwanda 's volcanoes national park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla .   sabuhoro was jailed for poachers with a baby gorilla in 2004 .   he was jailed as poachers for poachers on poachers .
bikram choudhury was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students .   the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios .   the guru is a spiritual leader and celebrity icon .
thabo sefolosha says his injury was caused by the police .   sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage .   sefolosha and pero antic were arrested in the stabbing of chris copeland and two other women .
jared leto will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen .   `` suicide squad '' also stars will smith , margot robbie .   the movie hits theaters august 5 .
commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp .   he will meet with syrian officials , u.n. and u.n. officials .   the syrian refugee camp has been cut off from aid .
a female employee accused xavier morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her .   `` he was in love with her and would like to have sex with her , '' he tried to kiss her in the office .   two top-ranking officials suspended after an incident at a white house command post .
oklahoma reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of shooting man eric harris .   bates , 73 , pleaded not guilty tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter .   bates ' attorney says shooting was accidental .
toya graham tells cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' she was n't concerned that she 's embarrassing her son .   the video of graham #motheroftheyear her son and michael singleton with a hand .   gray 's death is over police brutality .
dr. sanjay gupta : `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution '' is a medical marijuana revolution .   he says medical marijuana could help with medical marijuana for medical marijuana .   he says marijuana could be used to protect medical marijuana .
frida ghitis : u.s. access to space is far too reliant on russian technology to meet national security obligations .   he says u.s. should not be able for space access to u.s. national security , defense .   zelizer : u.s. should play no need for foreign supply chains .
officials say china and other nations are expanding the size and scope of their submarine forces .   the u.s. must rethink role of manned submarines , underwater detection techniques .   darpa says drone ships will be 132 feet long and likely cost about $ 20 million .
`` flower man '' is malik ghat , a wholesale flower market .   photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project .   hermann was in kolkata , india .
a deputy u.s. marshal was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera .   police do n't have authority over marshals .   paez is considering a lawsuit .
a 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition .   a magistrate court is under investigation for a terror attack .   one victim , 26 , died at the hospital .
mohamed mohamud is the mastermind of thursday 's kenya university terror attack .   it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings about $ 215,000 .   mohamud is credited with an extensive terrorist network within kenya .
report : full screening of airport employees would not lower overall risk to public .   tsa and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , report says .   only two major airports require employees to be screened on metal detectors .
robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi ''   the u.s. coast guard says he set off on his sailboat from south carolina .   louis jordan says his boat was stranded at sea for days .   `` we do n't have to do anything , '' he says .
the former secretary of state issues a video of her wall street campaign .   clinton 's campaign is `` your time , '' hillary clinton says .   clinton 's party will be a key role for clinton 's nomination for president .
somali woman 's baby was born a week after she was detained .   350 migrants are from eritrea on east coast of africa .   prison head : no system to send people home to jail .
vijay chokal-ingam is a `` hard-partying college frat boy , '' his brother says .   the actress says he wanted to get into med school as a black man years ago .   he says that he was a `` black man , '' but says he was shoplifting .
duckie 's `` late late show '' on tuesday night .   duckie the character 's record-store dance to otis redding .   the film is a record store .
etan patz 's lawyer says he is mentally ill .   hernandez has been diagnosed with schizophrenia .   he has been charged in his killing , pedro hernandez .
warren weinstein is the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda .   he was accidentally killed in a drone strike in january .   the pakistani government put out feelers to the pakistani taliban .
a second man is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb in kansas .   he allegedly knew about the plot but did n't call authorities , authorities say .   the `` bomb '' had been put on facebook in a van .
susie clark 's prayer was found at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas .   the diamond is the largest found at the park so far this year .   it 's the largest one found since april 16 .
italian authorities arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering christians at sea , police say .   original group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat .   12 who died were from nigeria and ghana .
`` the fish was flopping on my legs , '' team member devin patel says .   no rowers were injured in the incident .   it was a swarm day for the washington university of rowing team .
nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women in april 2014 from a school in chibok .   boko haram , a militant islamist group , has been kidnapping from other boko haram camps .   official : girls rescued from raided boko haram might be girls abducted .
maickel melamed was born with muscular dystrophy .   he was the last participant to win the race before 5 a.m. tuesday .   he is a venezuelan dystrophy .
chile 's calbuco volcano has already erupted twice this week .   new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet .   the first eruption in 24 hours is expected in lago chapo .
local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are back to juarez .   more than 3,000 people were killed in juarez .   ciudad juarez , mexico , was the murder of the world .
an indian software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail .   ramalinga raju , the former chairman of software services exporter computers services , was fined $ 804,000 .   in 2009 , satyam computers services was at a $ 1.6 billion fraud case .
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of walter scott in south carolina .   if convicted of murder , the former officer faces up to life in prison or death penalty .   the voice of slager can be heard .
isis claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in june outside camp speicher .   up to 1,700 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves .   hundreds are believed to have been executed by isis in june 2014 .
florida 's gun censorship law is being held in florida , florida and florida .   lawmakers say guns are an uncontested health risk .   the bill is set to go to florida .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to serve her husband with a summons for divorce .   he and his husband have n't been able to find victor sena to serve him the papers .   baidoo is accused of using her husband 's facebook account .
chief justice john roberts says justice anthony kennedy 's swing vote is to lean more gay marriage .   roberts : `` we ca n't say : `` i think , '' the court 's vote for the gay marriage case is a mistake .   gay marriage has been criticized by conservative justices .
saturday 's earthquake in nepal was the `` big one '' experts , geologist says .   earthquakes of magnitude 4 or 5 are a life in the south asian country .   `` great '' earthquake is `` not more serious , '' geologist says .
mozambican emmanuel sithole was stabbed with a wrench in johannesburg 's alexandra township .   oatway pleaded for mercy , but it was too late .   south africa has killed seven people in xenophobic violence .
jonathan crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage .   he co-starred in the `` anne of green gables '' tv movies , died this week at age 48 .   canadian author lucy maud montgomery 's children 's books were in canada .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans .   mohamud bought a one-way ticket to greece .   his lawyer says mohamud 's plan was to attack prison .
last year at least 400 migrants had been lost at sea .   since 2000 , nearly 22,000 people have lost their lives .   group in augusta were among 10,000 migrants .
world powers have reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program .   the talks this week is the end to june to work out talks .   the hotel is one of america 's most hectic .
eric church 's `` pledge allegiance to the hag '' was one of the 10 best moments at the dallas cowboys stadium .   the academy of country music awards show its 50th anniversary on sunday night .   eric church & keith urban provide the 50th awards .
hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day .   many of the remaining record stores will host live day , an annual celebration of book .   on saturday , many stores are in the spotify era to go buy physical music .
netanyahu 's comments come as democrats and republicans spar on `` state of the union ''   netanyahu says iran is a `` congenital cheating ''   netanyahu : `` i think there 's a third alternative , '' one senate democrat said iran too much flexibility .   the party 's 2016 presidential nomination has been criticized for iran 's nuclear deal , saying it does not `` contain nuclear '' on iran .   it 's not clear whether the deal will not be used in iran .
`` fast and furious 7 '' is the seventh installment of the franchise .   peter travers , rolling stone : `` furious 7 ' is the best f&f by two hours .   critics say it 's `` furious '' that the film in the death of paul walker .
the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50 % contained .   high temperatures and gusty winds caused the fire spread .   one school is evacuated .
robert downey jr. 's `` avengers : age of ultron '' is the actor 's political beliefs and `` dark periods '' of addiction and jail time .   downey says he is `` free from all '' but does n't want to be a license for a journalist .   he says he hopes to make a interview with the actor .
a japanese court found no `` irrationalities '' in new safety standards set out by the government .   residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in a western prefecture .   the first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in july .
a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace .   the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents .   the car bomb killed no government official or soldier , police say .
hillary clinton is a `` state farm commercial '' `` demographic box-checking '' launch of her campaign .   her launch video shows her campaign to `` rebrand ''   she says it 's time to make sure the world will work in the next year .   clinton : `` it 's a good time , '' she says .
russian spacecraft will re-enter the earth 's atmosphere after flight controllers lost contact with it .   russia space agency says it is working on its next supply flight to the iss .   if russia did n't burn up , it will come off its orbit .
the shariya refugee camp is from the border with syrian kurdistan .   it fled the isis assault in august .   one of the camp 's children fled as slaves .
lz granderson : boston marathon bomber was `` heinous , cruel and depraved ''   he says it 's time for cruelty to cause pain , killing children , children , martin richard .   he says tsarnaev , tsarnaev , children are among those who do n't know what is happening .   tsarnaev : we need to know what 's happening , but it 's not clear .
cnn hero of the year has been warned not to use main water line to risk of cholera .   koirala 's group is home to 115 girls of sex trafficking .   all of the children have been sleeping .
hillary clinton is the first woman president of the white house .   clinton says there 's no time for her to make history as the president .   clinton could be born female , she says .
boardwine 's friend had used his sperm and a turkey to get pregnant .   virginia 's appeals court said he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life .   the court of appeals court ruling method of insemination did n't come from medical technology .
`` the submarine is in a dry dock , '' law enforcement source says .   the fire began on a sub in northwestern russia .   the sub had been undergoing repairs since november 2013 .
federal education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet .   four employees of the store have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy .   if convicted , they could spend up to three years in jail .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor .   first half goal from aaron ramsey .   arsenal have two games in four points of chelsea .   arsenal 's champions league title next week .
a former school principal says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women as young as 14 .   police say they arrested yuhei takashima on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in manila , the police say .   police seized 147,600 photos that takashima took more than 400 photo albums .
kenya 's politicians and public have been recruit for new security officers .   the battle with al-shabaab is not a new one .   there is no evidence that kenya do n't know kenya .
the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers will not be immediate .   no reports will be made public .   the gray family 's death will continue investigating .
television network tv5monde lost control of its social media outlets and its websites .   it was `` hacked by an islamist group , '' director yves bigot says .   there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis .
former host bob barker , 91 , shows up to run his old show .   `` the price is the contestant , '' manuela arbelaez tweets .   it 's not known for the sonata .
erica kinsman has filed a lawsuit against jameis winston of rape .   kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and emotional distress .   winston has said the sex was consensual .
southwest airlines offered the lowest percentage of award tickets of the five biggest u.s. airlines on domestic routes .   delta air lines in second place with 5.6 million u.s. award tickets .   the top performer offered the most award tickets and 4.5 % award .
ryan gosling 's first feature , `` lost river , '' is a year after its cannes debut .   the city was at its premiere , but it has n't been no film at all .   the film in london is in london .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , will be sworn in on may 29 .   he says he plans to fight corruption that has long go after nigeria 's unrest .   nigeria 's ruling party in democratic elections comes after long history of military rule .
group of fighters in afghanistan filmed isis flags in afghanistan .   first images of isis shot by western media in afghanistan .   afghan president ashraf ghani has a `` terrible threat '' for isis presence .
climate experts say we risk life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark .   `` this is gambling with the planet , '' says `` north star '' for climate negotiations .   vote using facebook poll below # 2degrees .
ernst haas is one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers .   `` ernst haas : on set '' is a museum of modern art exhibit .   haas haas is a new book of haas ' movie sets .
a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian flanker .   the pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .   the u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional , '' pentagon says .
`` the world 's youngest filmmaker '' born in california .   aged 12 , she has four documentaries under her work .   oduwole is a father and mother .
wladimir klitschko is the reigning ibf , wba , wbo and ibo champion .   he has led russia for reform in new york .   klitschko said ukraine 's crisis in his homeland is now .
lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on texas freeway .   barnett said he did n't know what to expect .   `` it was shocking , '' barnett said .
valerie braham was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris .   france 's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members as braham .   israel 's prime minister says the terror plot has not been done .
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .   ziv 's first child was born to a surrogate mother in nepal .   he had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth .
the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab .   the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011 .   it has frozen 86 accounts , but number could go up .
tony abbott was in a sydney pub when a group of australian rules binge drinking in australia .   abbott had attacked binge drinking as last year .   the prime minister said he had a drink with abbott .
`` the crawler in the dark , '' a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan 's meiji era .   the site gets billions of views every day .   the tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to youtube partners .
matyas gutai built a prototype house in south of budapest .   the house was built with a grant from the eu .   the house can produce its own energy .
bruce jenner 's second wife says he has the `` soul of a female '' even though he was born with male body parts .   thompson , who had two sons with jenner , is one of many relatives to cheer jenner .   thompson says she can not have married jenner if she did about his gender issue .
france set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace the torch of liberty .   l'hermione is a replica of a french frigate with three sail masts .   france 's replica is `` most authentically built tall ship in the last 150 years , '' one says .
former nfl star aaron hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole .   seven women and five men were convicted of more than 130 witnesses .   one juror says smoking breaks was n't enough .
men and women of former nfl star aaron hernandez 's work in massachusetts murder trial .   `` it 's been an unknown law & order , '' lesa strachan says .   strachan says he was shot in the murder of odin lloyd .
fox 's `` mindy project '' is the first network sitcom representation .   it has been a success for on-screen representation .   it 's not known as a black man .
reserve deputy robert bates fatally shot suspect eric harris with a taser on april 2 .   bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of harris .   bates county sheriff 's office denies allegations .
the `` smart bullets '' passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date .   the system has been developed by darpa 's extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program .   the smart bullets will help shooters .
many young americans will be overweight that the military will be able to recruit enough soldiers .   gen. allen batschelet is a national security issue for the u.s. army .   he says the obesity issue is so many that it 's too fat to fight .
sofia vergara wants to keep the frozen embryos from their relationship , both female .   he is suing the actress in los angeles to prevent vergara from their embryos .   the actress and star of the `` modern family '' split from nick loeb in may 2014 .
ibrahim al-rubaish was among five killed in an airstrike in yemen , the terror group says .   al-rubaish was a top al qaeda in a u.s. detention facility .   he was part of saudi arabia 's program for jihadist terrorists .
spacex on falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon .   spacex has said it will keep trying to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time .   private space exploration company was unsuccessful .
police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm .   a search for the girls ' parents may be in california with five children , police say .   teen mother was arrested on abuse with her sister 's death .
42 million adults have been married more than once .   a culture rich in divorce may n't care if they want to use it .   do you know a hero ? share your thoughts on marriage .
the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , president and publisher of random house children 's books .   it will be the first new original dr. seuss book debuts july 28 .   dr. seuss , aka theodor geisel .
in ohio , ohio found a public atmosphere with how politicians can win a election .   ohio 's immigration , community and police relations , poverty and education are among the issues .   ohio is a nation : ohio , and has an estimated $ 2 million .
mark goodacre is a professor of new and christian in the show .   the show dates from the fifth century .   the gospel of mary of magdala is karen king 's `` the gospel '' of magdala .
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters .   no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .   an afghan member of parliament for khost province .
border dispute between serbia and croatia is founded on a firm belief in liberty .   thomas jefferson will also invite 7,500 of 300,000 applicants to attend the ceremony .   he says he will grant citizenship if he will attend citizenship .
amy schumer 's hit show , `` inside amy schumer , '' premiered on comedy central .   kanye west and kim kardashian took a fake tumble at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york .   the prank came the third season of schumer 's show .
fda : about a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine .   the fda says it is a multibillion dollar business .   critics say homeopathy is no more effective than placebo .
some fans of lucille ball want her statue removed from a park in new york .   it has been a tourist draw since 2009 for celoron , the snake from `` beetlejuice '' and actor steve buscemi .   the life-size bronze statue was likened to conway twitty .
zack snyder 's `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' leaked online on thursday .   a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer .   ryan gosling in talks to star in `` blade runner '' sequel .
the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant .   prime minister shinzo abe 's push to restart the reactors is unpopular .   drone was found on the rooftop of japan 's rooftop to the white house .
rapper drake has been on stage with the queen madonna .   madonna 's `` madonna , '' a song from `` champagnepapi '' on instagram .   the rapper says he does n't know what the f *** .
yemeni officials say three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam .   at least 74 children are known to have been killed .   saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday .
paul walker died at 40 in a car crash in 2013 .   `` not gon na lie '' was one of a flood of messages on social media .   `` furious 7 , '' one woman says .
a delaware father is in stable condition and his two boys remain in critical condition .   steve esmond , his sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john .   exposure to methyl can cause health effects .
authorities in south carolina released dash cam video from walter scott 's car .   the footage does not show the shooting .   scott 's lawyer says he does not have insurance .
the female-skewing cable network has greenlit `` the unauthorized full house story ''   casting will look at the rise of the cast as its `` saved by the bell '' pic .   an air date for the `` full house '' take drew only 1.6 million viewers .   the bell take on labor day 2014 .
the accident caused a fire that killed at least 35 people .   the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition .   the crash happened just before 7 a.m. .
exchanges between city 's top court clerk and two police officers found during a u.s. investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police .   the emails were make offensive to president obama and first lady michelle obama .   police capt. rick henke and sgt. william mudd fired the emails as part of the evidence .
`` killing jesus '' is a natgeo production on fox .   it 's one of the best faces in history .   it 's not known as jesus .
more than 100,000 civilians have fled their homes since fighting began .   houthi rebels and saudi-led coalition forces blame for rare access .   airport has been bombed by u.n. children 's fund .
u.s. president obama says u.s. foreign policy is `` obama doctrine ''   he says u.s. policy in the middle east must use u.s. interests .   he says the u.s. should use the u.s. interests of u.s. allies to the region .   he says it does n't make a difference on the issue .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon appeared in rio de janeiro .   an investigation into the causes of death both in the lagoon .   the games ' rowing and canoe team will work .
lee kuan yew is a video blogger who was arrested in singapore .   he says it 's lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries .   critics : amos yee could face up to three years in jail .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is eligible for the death penalty in the boston marathon bombing trial .   he will be executed .   tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing .
nepal has been hit by worst earthquake since 1934 .   more than 10,000 people were killed in the quake .   nepal has one of the most progress on maternal and child health in the last few years .
mike rowe founded the cnn hero of the year award .   pregracke wants to clean up the nation 's rivers one .   pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash .
randy zelin pleaded not guilty to all charges .   he is accused of a failed scheme to have an physician hurt or killed .   his client , dr. anthony moschetto , faces criminal solicitation .
walter scott was the father of four children in the coast guard .   he was killed by a south carolina police officer .   he has been charged with murder .
koch industries : `` ban the box '' does n't prohibit background checks , it only postpones them until then in the hiring process .   the war on drugs is $ 65 billion .   the koch brothers have in the labor market for american progress .
mario valencia had fired into the air and unable to fire , an officer was told .   valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition .   he faces 15 charges including shoplifting the .30 -30 rifle .
final cement seal of an oil well in gulf of mexico failed .   judge rules bp was lower barrels of barrels into gulf .   bp says spill is healing ; bp says it 's not healing .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
fbi says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during beating of suspect in san bernardino .   ten deputies have been put on paid administrative leave .   suspect kicked 17 times and hit with baton times .
12 million parents in the united states are raising kids on their own .   nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .   tiffany montgomery , 48 , was diagnosed with stage-4 breast cancer .
the bill includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program .   the issue of payments to medicare providers will sign it .   the senate is voting to retire .
marathon world record holder dennis kimetto has seen his agent banned .   kenyan authorities have blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents .   rita jeptoo was banned for two years for banned blood booster epo .
the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival .   chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander drinking with call girl brooke magnanti .   mr alexander was snapped with ms magnati at nip festival .
brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property in accrington to rot .   the anfield boss was ordered to pay # 400 and # 375 costs at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington with broken windows and rubbish strewn across the garden .   rodgers had been told to fix the windows , doors and roof .
james haskell showed off his inner iron man in a instagram post .   the movie premiered at westfield london shopping centre on tuesday .   haskell returned to wasps for the 2012 season after spells with stade francais and ricoh black rams and highlanders in new zealand .
nigel farage caused controversy at televised leaders ' debate last week .   half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not receive free hiv treatment .   ukip leader said comments were ` politics of the lowest form '   poll of 1,906 adults found 50 per cent would support ` people coming to live .
the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in flood waters following saturday afternoon 's severe storms .   she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30 pm and did not suffer any injuries .   the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of sydney and the blue mountains into snowfields .
mike holpin at 56 says he wants more children because it is ` god 's will ' his relationships have broken down because of his drinking and womanising .   mr holpin or the children 's mothers would also have been able to claim at least # 500,000 in child tax credits .   if they had completed just one year in care each .
luis suarez has admitted he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the club .   the uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona this season .   barcelona are hoping to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday .
keepers assisting six elephants along a path - five of which walk in single file .   whipsnade zoo opened in 1931 and was originally known as whipsnade wild animal park .   located at whipsnade near dunstable in bedfordshire , the zoo has a land area of 600 acres .
robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana .   he was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march a day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx .   authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room .
harry kane will play for england 's under 21 team in this summer 's european championships .   kane , 21 , will join up with the junior squad when he returns from malaysia and australia .   kane made his first start for england against lithuania at wembley .
manny pacquiao is joined by his training entourage on may 2 .   the pair will slug it out at the mgm grand in las vegas .   pacquiao took to instagram to share a video of his morning run .
stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire .   he was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 .   he was detained at the private facility under a hospital order .
lorient beat marseille 5-3 in the ligue 1 relegation zone .   florian thauvin 's 5-3 win at marseille have not won at home since january 31 .   pierre-andre gignac 's side were 2-0 to marseille 's bottom three .
uno , just three weeks old , and louie , a full-grown dog , were together at home in spokane , washington , earlier this month .   clip features one of pogue family who adopted uno before the two pets .   louie 's mother is seen as the kitten 's record .
chiropractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana .   as the infants were born and handed them to their adoptive parents .   chiropractor pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds .
glenn ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand .   stroud , 63 , wrote the letter after the state ruled that ford was not entitled to receive $ 330,000 in compensation for his time spent behind bars .   stroud admitted that he was to blame for mistakenly putting ford behind bars for the fatal shooting of a jeweler .
term ` ceo barbie ' to be presented with a grid of smiling men in suits .   image of barbie is ` ceo ' and ` popular ' on the general state of women in the workplace .   google images based on images of women 's right campaigner chelsea clinton .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson from port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 .   they were told their donor had an iq of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience , a master 's degree in artificial intelligence .   in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles .
the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale , new jersey .   authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child 's death .   the baby , who was named 'em ma grace ' by a local church , was discovered by a recommunity recycling facility employee .
norwich beat sheffield 2-0 in the championship 's top two for the first time since october .   the midfielder scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season late in the first half .   bradley johnson 's season to give norwich city the lead against sheffield wednesday at carrow road .
more than 7million gardens in britain have now been paved over and the rhs is calling for people to plant trees , shrubs or flowers to attract wildlife , improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures .   the rhs has launched a three year ` greening grey britain ' campaign .   the royal horticultural society wants people to transform their gardens .
philipp lahm could make his first start since returning from ankle injury .   bayern munich captain philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle .   pep guardiola will be out for bayern munich against dortmund .
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday 's friendly draw with italy at the juventus stadium on tuesday .   michael carrick and the england squad sang the latest anti-ira song .   ` **** the ira , ' and the german bomber song is on and on .
david cameron was in a visit to poole in dorset and bristol .   it was an science park on the beach at weston-super-mare pm in bristol .   david cameron has been in a bank holiday with george osborne .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered a pensioner 's life savings .   even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits before secretly taking out two life insurance policies .   he has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft .
mamadou sakho was forced off injured against blackburn rovers .   france international came off in the first half of wednesday 's fa cup win .   daryl janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , from greenport , were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village .   the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts .   relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break .
rafael nadal lost to gael monfils in the monte carlo masters .   french open champion will now meet david ferrer in the last eight .   novak djokovic beat stanislas wawrinka 6-1 6-2 .
pensions minister steve webb has now urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions .   mr webb said over-55s ` do n't have to rush this ' and said there was ` a case for waiting and seeing '   he admitted ` you will pay a hell of a lot of tax ' if you do .   the first 25 per cent of any withdrawals from pensions are tax-free .
lisa morgan , 40 , a legal secretary , amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend sean meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful .   visitors to the top of the world roofing website are told it has ` ceased trading at present ' as the boss altered the page to shame him .   miss morgan said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out night .
the pentagon announced tuesday plans to exhume the bodies of some 400 sailors and marines who were killed on the uss oklahoma on december 7 , 1941 , in the bombing of pearl harbor .   only 35 were identified in the years immediately after .   hundreds were buried as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific .
sue sim said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family .   it was announced last month ms sim was investigated by her police and crime commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct .   she will retire with full pension after 30 years of service .
trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom .   ellie accepted the promposal and said she ca n't wait to go dress shopping .   the tweet has been shared nearly 2,000 times .
phil haste was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car , even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard .   the businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a torbay council car park .   the government abolished paper tax discs on october 1 last year .
under ground breaking reforms , scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits , including $ 726 from family tax benefit a , $ 7,500-a-year from childcare rebate .   prime minister tony abbott will announce reforms alongside mr morrison on sunday with changes coming into full effect in january 2016 .   controversial change could put millions of dollars back into federal government 's pocket .
a new piece of research by biologists at jyväskylä university in finland claims to have settled the debate .   eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species , like owls .   the luna moth has two tails that extend for more than an inch beyond its body .   it makes the bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself .
natasha willard fell ill while studying for her a-levels in wales .   family are unsure how the teenager became ill just four days after she returned her feeling unwell .   natasha has been diagnosed with encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain .
manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster during sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat .   stewards threw out the group who were said to be taking wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy .   manchester united won 4-2 , with goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling .
radamel falcao moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer .   former atletico madrid striker was not happy in france .   united will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
the families of new york city police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets home opener baseball game against the philadelphia phillies in new york .   the widow of american sniper chris kyle pitched in for the san diego padres .   the nypd families were joined by mayor bill de blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again .
the cumbrians are without a win in five games and three points in the table .   carlisle united boss keith curle has been considering a attack on his side .   the 51-year-old also reveals he has an open forum for his supporters .
wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19 with death toll this week climbing to 30 .   one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing .   the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie , with cars turning around in the road .   at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero .
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend 's father mark harris .   the 23-year-old is captured standing before her stretching his muscles without his girlfriend on one knee .   his girlfriend , kayleigh harris appears speechless by the ring box from behind his back .
kim hill was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of eight .   her partner rob asked his fiancée if she had been abused as a child .   kim hill encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker .
the former secretary of state sat for her second staged ` roundtable ' discussion in as many days .   abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she ran for president the first time .   in 2008 clinton tapped her to be her ` body woman ' when she scored a white house internship .
vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres .   the engines will be designed to return to earth so they can be refurbished and reflown .   united launch alliance will launch a reusable rocket named ` vulcan ' in 2019 .
acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention .   flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease .   claims of ` melting away fat cells ' and ` regenerating and revitalising '   coconut oil has a weight loss aid .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .   klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
at eight months pregnant rebecca adlington ca n't wait to ` feel myself again '   rebecca and husband harry needs , 23 , in december 2014 at the start of her pregnancy .   discovered she was pregnant soon after their honeymoon .   says she 's now ` craving stodge ' and has been swimming .
the firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending .   wonga 's revenues fell by nearly # 100million last year to a total of # 217.2 million .   now chairman andy haste says that wonga could change its name .
kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder three years ago .   now a healthy 9.5 st , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression .   doctors had ordered the 27-year-old to go to the gym to gain some weight .
jockey aidan coleman is a 12-1 shot for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding on the opening day of last month 's cheltenham festival .   the 26-year-old jockey ridden by barry geraghty 's last jump during day one of cheltenham 2015 .   coleman 's two national runs for mon mome had not ridden the gelding .
older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over their retirement , scientists say .   more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during 2007 and 2008 global crisis panicked and sold them after stock market fell by 30 per cent .   it comes days before retirees given power to decide how to spend life savings for first time .
lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the sewol .   but this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his ` willful negligence '   lee joon-seok , the captain of the sunken south korean ferry sewol , sank off april 16 last year after last year 's disaster .   victims ' relatives said it was too lenient but his sentence was convicted .
luke shambrook has been missing for two nights in a victorian park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night .   he was last seen walking near the devils river on sunday and four kilometres south of his campsite .   search crews have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy , as he may not even be aware he is lost .
kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words .   but after tests and a brain scan she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday last year .   since being diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in five years .
dr george hamilton , chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager , who killed scott last week by shooting him five times in the back .   the family had a police escort to the funeral , who has been jailed and charged with scott 's murder .   judy scott 's casket was rolled into a funeral home in charleston .
an israeli geologist claims he has ` confirmed ' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem .   dr arye shimron says some believe hold the bones of jesus ' brother to the long disputed ` jesus family tomb ' in the city 's east talpiot neighbourhood .   dr shimron 's work has renewed controversy over the talpiot tomb .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to reanne evans .   the 10-time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty in the first round of qualifying .   hearn says she must go through qualifying school to earn a place .
the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson .   dna testing on the bed once belonged to king henry vii .
female crews representing oxford and cambridge rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london as the men for the first time in the 87 years they have competed .   oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show in the 161st men 's boat race .   oxford 's men and women competed on the same course for the event .
sid ahmed ghlam had shot himself in the leg before his arrest .   police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student 's home .   investigators reportedly claim dna evidence links ghlam to her murder .
study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels .   the rocks are now exposed on the queen charlotte islands .   experts found signs of bacteria called ` marine photic zone euxinia ' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans .
last night 's episode of the fyi reality show was last night .   all three ended the first day in their new home in astoria .   ryan ranellone , 29 , and ryan ranellone were married to their first night .   the 30-year-old said she was ` looking at him like he 's my bud '
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to sign him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid '   the former real madrid midfielder attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s .   now 26 , sahin is back ` home ' in dortmund .   sahin spent five months on loan at liverpool .
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award this season .   cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are recognised as the world 's two best players .   scholes believes the chelsea playmaker wants to be more players .
two sisters were stripped of the right to control their aged mother 's fortune .   the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville .   she owns a # 600,000 house , and has an income of # 1,200 a month .
bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a ` kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national .   the 19-year-old carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par .   amateur champion bradley neil missed the cut at the masters .
tiger woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them .   the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries .   woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open .
chelsea are set to follow tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly in june .   jose mourinho 's side could face sydney at anz stadium on june 2 .   blues are expected to fly out on wednesday after premier league season .
a vaccine has been developed to help prevent the recurrence of prostate cancer .   it 's designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells .   the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers .
army sgt. bowe bergdhal was captured by the taliban in june of 2009 .   the men say that mullen was certain that bergdahl had fled the army and was guilty of desertion .   bergdahl says he walked away because of ptsd and is not a deserter .
nasa scientists in california have unveiled an interactive tool that lets you explore this world .   using the map you can see a huge amount of features on vesta , from craters to the amount of sunlight hitting the surface - and switching to ` 3d mode ' also lets you fly around like you were in your own spacecraft .   vesta trek is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet ceres .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month .   the 25-year-old has impressed on loan from chelsea in the year .   bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the england pecking order .
kamron taylor is in custody after beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform , keys and suv has been captured in chicago , with a loaded gun on friday night .   he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff 's office .   taylor had been awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee , illinois , for the murder of nelson williams jr. .
pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high mount paektu near the chinese border .   the alleged climb was like ` nuclear weapons '   the north korean leader is considered a sacred place in korean folklore .   the young ruler scaled mt. paektu on saturday .
sunderland boss dick advocaat insists he will not underestiamte the signficance of the wear-tyne derby .   the 67-year-old takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with newcastle .   celtic won 5-1 and the dutch boss was criticised by fans .
dashcam footage released on thursday shows walter scott running away from his car minutes before he was shot dead by officer michael sager .   his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop .   scott had already been jailed three times for missing payments .
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .   it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press .   pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised .
thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night .   it was the world cup winner 's 27th champions league goal .   muller scored the fourth goal of porto in the second leg .
tony pulis is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained .   west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace will sell the club to a buyer who will invest money on and off the pitch .   west brom were thrashed by queens park rangers at the hawthorns last weekend .
channel seven will tell the story of ivan milat 's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution , before going on to butcher seven backpackers .   the revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat 's older brother boris , into the killer 's ` secret victim '   boris milat shares a secret about his brother he had kept for more than 52 years .   he has been locked up in goulburn 's supermax jail for almost 20 years .
the little girl is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers .   she claims she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - as he encourages her to kill more .   she says she has killed 400 of the islamic militants .
terence crawford beat thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out .   crawford won the wbo lightweight title 13 months ago and defended in the 135-pound division twice in omaha , nebraska .   the scheduled 12-round fight in north texas came a week before crawford is scheduled to be in new york to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award .
rangers lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship .   stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra hazardous games in the scottish championship .   rangers face queens and basement side livingston on sunday .
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah .   he specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings .   he has painted a sleeping young girl called anna , take the artist up to 300 hours to complete .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs .   ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect .   regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped .
the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub , which is unable to survive on its own , since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago .   the family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet and will encourage a circus or zoo to take him in .   wildlife experts hope publicity will lead to the new home .
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol .   the punishment will not take effect until may .   torpedo supporters will be barred from the club 's next three away games .
candice bergen was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 .   candice bergen writes that her father belittled her dummy .   after the first year of the hit tv show .
if prince george 's first year baby is born , with around # 20 to # 25m spent on souvenirs and the rest on food and drink such as cake and sparkling wine .   the term ` the prince george effect ' was coined just three days after his birth in july 2013 and # 20 printed white aden + anais cloth .   baby could generate a billion pounds over its lifetime .
caleb barnes , 20 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a judge ruled on friday .   cheryl silvonek 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles of philadelphia .   jamie silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit .
boro defender ben gibson , 22 , can help steer his uncle 's club back to the big time for real .   england under 21 star was a virtual world of football manager on friday .   boro chairman steve gibson is one of middlesbrough 's best players .
the body of an elderly man was found on the floor of his apartment in downtown tokyo .   he had been dead for a month in march .   police officers will have already removed signs of a once active life .
a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle in wangaratta , northeast victoria .   the driver sprays his car with an insect repellent to reveal itself from under the door handle .   huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed .
loretta burroughs , 63 , was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband .   mrs burroughs was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs ' body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor home she was moving out of .   she had told family he had left her for another woman before the couple was due to move to florida in 2007 .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team .   fans can toggle the map to view their club 's support worldwide , see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival .   arsenal have strong support in london and the south east .
michelle , 27 , has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges .   the designer has been playing tina mcintyre in coronation street .   she has unveiled her summer range in full .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date .   he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks .   dr zhavoronkov remains confident he can live to 150 years old .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain .   last month doctors told there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ` final straw '   the mother of two left her home in rowley regis , west midlands .   she had fallen more than 50ft from an asda supermarket car park .
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league .   chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will stay up .   ramsey believes his side will stay in premier league with three wins .
gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes .   the crime had been carried out by an ` ocean 's 11 type team '   photograph of the hilti drill was released tonight by scotland yard as officer in charge of investigation .   six men were captured on cctv in london 's diamond district .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care , but their case was rejected .   in march , moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any days behind bars .   gates , 49 , is currently serving six-month jail sentence for violating his probation .
some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators friday after a 911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark .   police sniffer dogs seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious .   a full search of the island would be open as normal saturday .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop .   clint tried to get out the car , he could n't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt .   bonnie , 67 , posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times .
the film opened in philippine cinemas on wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month .   pacquiao faces mayweather on may 2 at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas .   pacquiao grew up in the philippines and was born with his uncle roger .
van persie filmed scoring with a ` scorpion kick ' in his back garden .   manchester united forward will reportedly be offered # 5million to leave old trafford .   van persie has 14 months left on # 5million contract at old trafford .
mauricio pochettino says europa league campaign could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes .   the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league .   pochettino fears the competition could have a impact on their hopes .
gordon jack , 47 , fell on a stone in the graveyard ahead of andy murray 's wedding rehearsal as the tennis star was greeted by a media scrum .   he was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral , where murray married long-term girlfriend kim sears today .   mr jack was found to be feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event .
sheila secker had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for some time it had been cut off .   she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later .   vodafone retired her number without warning .
wayne kyle , the father of american sniper chris kyle , gave his first interview on thursday since the end of the trial of his son 's killer .   chris kyle and chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by eddie routh , after taking the vet to the range to help him cope with his ptsd .   routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
mack , 23 , claims mma fighter koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive months into their one-year relationship .   she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder .   mack says the couple met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her .
scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels .   a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity .   they were also all acclimatised to the hot , humid environment .
united have maintained an interest in the germany international since 2013 .   sami khedira has not played as real madrid since last summer 's world cup .   manchester united and chelsea remain on list too .
gender equality rules came into effect from december 2012 .   he found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers .   many car insurance firms had to change their pricing policies .
barcelona legend carles puyol is believed to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a end-of-career spell in qatar or the us or qatar .   puyol won six la liga titles and played at barca .   the 36-year-old retired last may after 15 years at barca .
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter .   plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants , which could boost plants ' yields and income of farmers .   the world cocoa foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons .
jason gillespie appointed the new coach of big bash league side adelaide strikers .   the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since november 2011 .   gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the south australian franchise .
80 per cent of afghanistan is currently ` controlled ' by the taliban .   taliban claims responsibility for 108 attacks in opening five hours .   us air base near kabul and military were targeted today .
purvi patel was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent .   ms patel attended st joseph 's hospital in mishawaka , indiana on july 13 , 2013 .   she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her .
skinny strips of imagery.now scientists have joined these individual 30 to 60 mile -lrb- 50 to 100km -rrb- wide strips to create a single complete 3d map .   the new map allows scientists to ` stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet .   some of our most views of mars have been presented on small .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars .   three years after his plea at st mark missionary baptist church he has found a permanent home with the woman as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .   davion plays on the xbox in his bedroom with her daughter carley and her adopted son , taylor , 14 .
jose mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon by former british no 1 tim henman .   murray beat novak djokovic 6-4 , 7-5 , 6-4 during the 2013 final to end britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's champion .   the chelsea manager said sw19 as ` more than a grand slam ' due to its traditions .
david templeton recorded tickets for sunday 's match against hearts .   the winger will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the championship success of his former club .   templeton made his first start in three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath .
tomas berdych has reached the monte carlo masters final for the first time in his career .   tomas berdych beat gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on saturday .   monfils will face rafael nadal or novak djokovic in the final .
the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs .   mr xiao started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province .   mr xiao said the goat is one of the best goats on the farm .
music lovers paid nearly # 40 to see singer perform in canterbury last night - only to wait for more than three hours for him to arrive .   he then spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs before leaving crowd ` see you on tour '   event has apologised to audience and accused tinie of breaking his contract with them .   fans are believed to have paid more than # 100 to meet tinie .
lauren hill made her first basket in a college game five months ago .   she defied doctors ' expectations after she was told she would not live past december .   she died four months later this month after playing with her high school team in cincinnati to raise $ 1.5 million for research into childhood cancer .   the tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions .
at least 17 climbers , including three americans , died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the himalayas .   some people managed to survive , but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued .   scott holder , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit .
the confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal this month .   puffin was spotted flying into london along the thames .   the puffin was given over to a specialist centre in dorset .
yaya toure was accused by jamie carragher out of the way of jason puncheon 's free-kick at selhurst park on monday .   toure , who is paid # 200,000-a-week , was part of a wall with crystal palace 's lead .   carragher said the midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner .
former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband .   she said she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004 .   miss flanders said she was ` furious ' at a london dinner party .
male octopuses have a long , detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself .   using high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles , biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement .   they found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain .
onlookers started filming the native pair at the promontory promontory national park , in the gippsland region in southeast victoria , as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby .   the wallaby turned around and gave the wombat a crack on the nose after it was grazing in a victorian national park .   the wombat has been caught on camera as he ` punched ' a wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing .
a series of letters have been drawn up with pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election .   women are told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' as pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience '   tory candidates are told to praise teachers as ` the best we have ever had '   tory chiefs believe there are seven groups of voters who can also change their vote .   the other groups tory candidates are
ukip has failed to outpoll liberal democrats for first time since 2013 .   lib dems up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip .   poll is latest bad news for mr farage .
tate britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of a 1946 export permit will bolster their claim that constable 's painting was looted by the nazis from its jewish owner during the second world war .   it turned up in britain in 1962 and passed through hands before being donated to the tate in 1986 .   descendants of hatvany say the nazis stole the painting and smuggled it out of hungary .
west ham had won their last five games against west ham by an aggregate score of 14-1 .   winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from the fear factor .   city are missing wilfried bony , stevan jovetic and james milner through injury .
damon muller was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis in november - a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug .   the disease has robbed damon , from gladstone in central queensland , of the ability to run , ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun .   he has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed .
police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6 .   officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .   the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in iraq and afghanistan .
the real housewife was arrested following a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel .   she admits to dr phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke 's house .   dr phil in a show that will air tomorrow .
joe burgess scored three of the warriors ' seven tries in a 40-22 victory .   it was a third consecutive win for shaun wane 's men and a fifth from last six games .   wakefield 's first super league hat-trick in west yorkshire for 18 months .
david cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall .   the pm posed with the device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm .   selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm .
the custom-made piano features half a million swarovski crystals and was created following a request from an unnamed buyer described as an ` influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar .   goldfinch , a cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build it .   every crystal applied by hand .
william schultz was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood 's john muir hospital .   deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home .   schultz was arrested at a hospital in discovery bay , jordan almgren .
a man , known only as john , used it to advertise for someone special .   the man sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality '   it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by .   john posted his advert in capital letters in black pen .
stuart mccall admits he will become livingston fan for the day on wednesday .   the easter road outfit slipped four points behind mccall 's side on saturday .   mccall believes his side 's main promotion rivals could drop points against livingston .
molly wood , 74 , died after being run over by her sister 's car .   burgundy kia venga had its engine running and ` lurched forward '   she died at the scene outside tesco store in pontefract on march 25 .   her sister was also hurt in the accident but escaped with minor injuries .
mirreyes and shotcallers are sons and daughters of mexican high society .   post pictures of mirreyes with a hashtag of the same name .   in mexico , the majority of citizens live in poverty have champagne and sports cars .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol , major league baseball said on sunday .   the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season .   the 25-year-old is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow .
derry mathews has won the interim wba lightweight title .   mathews saw richar abril barroso twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt .   mathews was handed a 114-112 , 114-112 decision .
jermain defoe posted a photo via his instagram page on wednesday .   the former spurs forward has scored three goals in 11 league games .   sunderland are in the premier league with only one win this season .
marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday 's clash with racing metro to reach a second successive european final .   marcelo bosch believes neutral territory 's saracens hope of clermont 's home record .   mark mccall believes saracens can not be fit for the champions cup semi-final .
large parts of the rail network will be closed for repair works .   more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption .   no trains ran between england and scotland or wales on east coast .
a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ` change in course '   simon woodroffe , founder of yo ! sushi and a former labour backer , have signed a letter against tory economic plans .   executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from the ftse-250 index .   all have signed in a personal capacity .
diego costa aggravated a hamstring problem in last weekend 's win over stoke .   the striker has been ruled out for the next four weeks .   costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career .   former manchester united great has scored 99 goals under manager carlo ancelotti in just 89 games .   alfredo di stefano and raul scored in the 68th minute to move madrid .
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in 2009 .   she is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs .   dalton has already received new lungs , but katie is waiting as kentucky medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state-treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center .
joe root has become a quality test batsman for the sydney test .   joe root is as well as graham thorpe and marlon samuels .   root will not be able to play for england as he is in australia .
andres iniesta has failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season .   the spaniard was 45 minutes in his side 's 2-0 win over paris saint-germain on tuesday night .   iniesta scored his first goal of the season at the camp nou .
researchers in massachusetts believe a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills .   for the body to begin moving , the brain 's primary motor cortex sends signals through several brain regions .   many factors can interfere with motor ability , including sleep deprivation .
linda thompson tweeted a message of support for the olympian ahead of his abc prime time special with diane sawyer set to air on friday night .   it 's the first public comment the former beauty queen , who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 , has made about his rumored transition from male to female .   linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete celebrating his victory at the montreal olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard .
chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season .   jose mourinho 's side have conceded just two goals in six clashes .   arsene wenger is up against mourinho 's brand of football .
this is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to dna .   alcohol changes genes in brain cells can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism .   researchers found a cancer drug may reverse the damage .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .   ferrari have a car to his first three races of this season .   sebastian vettel and nico rosberg were in the last two races .
horry county police said the mother , who will be identified , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police .   the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon when he heard her crying .   inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta , and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released .
england took firm control of the first test against the west indies in antigua .   gary ballance scored his fourth century in nine tests .   ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven .
robert gentile claimed the arrest was a ruse to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in u.s. history .   the man 's lawyer said the arrest is to pressure gentile .   the fbi sketch shows the likeness of the suspects wearing police uniforms when they performed the theft .
marlon samuels sent him to the second test with ben stokes on thursday .   the durham all-rounder sent him on his way to the third day .   england closed on 373 for six , a lead of 74 .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago after returning on a flight from turkey .   he has been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization .   van haften was sentenced to three years ' probation on the sexual assault charge in 1999 and sentenced to seven years in jail .
tim ward and his wife of 38 years were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came down from upland .   brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster .   her husband tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance '   only one of their five dogs survived the mudslide , but lost a leg .
manchester united players wayne rooney and david de gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager louis van gaal on monday .   the three united heroes met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation ` dream day '   van gaal and his players met ill supporters on behalf of the foundation .   manchester united heroes says it ` works in most of the country .
anthony martinez tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea .   lescenski high school junior , anthony martinez , was in the locker room at desert oasis high school on tuesday morning with a big ` yes ' and retweets hug .   the prom partner was freed up for the night .
kestutis martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him .   he is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania , spun out legal battle for five years .   judges at european court of human rights criticised his case .
prime minister david cameron had claret and blue teams mixed up .   the tory leader has apologised for his favourite player .   he said he was a west ham fan who followed aston villa .   he said : ` you can support man utd , the west indies and team gb all at the same time '
ravel morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new instagram account .   the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at west ham .   morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio in january .
south glasgow university hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad .   ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ` shovelled ' to holyrood .   nhs will not publish this year 's accounts until after the uk general election on may 7 but more than two out of three nhs hospitals were in the red .
in a new youtube tutorial promise tamang , angelina jolie 's character from the movie of the name .   the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to promise 's bone structure is a disney character .   promise has made videos of her as elsa from angelina jolie .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by end of year for smuggling drugs .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .
floyd mayweather has claimed he is a better fighter than muhammad ali .   mayweather trains ahead of his fight against manny pacquiao next weekend .   mayweather recalled the heavyweight losing his world titles to leon spinks in 1978 .
the 21 year old has scored 13 league this season .   juventus have offered # 23million for dybala , who admitted he would love to play alongside andrea pirlo .   palermo 's paulo dybala has attracted interest from leading clubs in europe .
daniel sturridge and raheem sterling are in stitches as they share a joke in training on monday .   mamadou sakho and emre can were in stitches at liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has said a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent .
cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love injured his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics on sunday .   olynyk 's right arm became entangled with love 's left arm . love was dragged by the arm by boston celtics center kelly olynyk .   olynyk was charged with a non-shooting foul .
centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin .   internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users .   claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them .
roads around st louis , missouri , were flooded in the intense downpour .   more than 3 inches of rainfall near augusta west of st. louis .   more storms caused a semitrailer to overturn on interstate 69 near evansville .
becky cooper and bridget yorston , aka bec and bridge , unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday .   animal prints and metallics collection features both resort wear and styles for glamazons with long and short midi dresses .   the collection was inspired by model veruschka and veruschka styles .
valet house is a new hotel in ely .   phil neville is the former england footballer 's home .   he says he is ` valet parking ' of the art .
stephen curry scored 40 points as the golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123-119 .   curry hit seven 3s in the final seconds of regulation .   klay thompson had 28 points for the warriors .
david cameron will tell voters in england that new powers for the scottish parliament mean it ` can now have a big impact on your job , and investment in your area '   scottish parliament 's new powers to cut air passenger duty could lead to air travellers and airports in the north of england .   mr cameron will call the idea the ` carlisle principle ' for people south of the border , he will say .   cancer drugs have been made available on the nhs in scotland .
scott dann set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal .   he was a assistant john brooks , but murray 's finish -lrb- 3 -rrb- were the ball he was .   it would be it hard for him to get all four , dann and two others in the move .
christine lillico , 47 , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age .   by the time her fraud was discovered lillico had stolen a total of # 78,000 .   judge has sent lillico to jail and ordered she pay her brother john air junior # 39,000 .
the 71-year-old 's childhood home in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week to face murder charges in california .   robert durst , 71 , appeared in a new orleans court on thursday to defend his possession of a gun .   the family home is where real estate heir robert durst grew up .
the spectacular crash on saturday wrote a green lamborghini off and wrecked a red ferrari .   the green lamborghini and red ferrari are believed to have been racing through the underpass in beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed .   neither driver was hurt but a female passenger in the lamborghini was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
residents of celoron , new york , has called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled in 2009 .   but the statue of lucille ball was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy ! get rid of this statue was launched .   louis tussaud 's waxwork museum in great yarmouth was bought to the world in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works online .
simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december .   mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by brendan rodgers in december .   the 27-year-old belgian said mignolet tried to remain upbeat .
tiger woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in 19 years .   former world no 1 tiger woods said he will play at the masters this week .   woods won the first round of the farmers insurance open in 2005 .
jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid .   the pair were seen walking hand in hand during clinton 's video to announce her bid for the white house .   mr johnson , 30 , is a project manager for a presidential campaign launch .
serena williams beat sloane stephens 6-1 , 7-5 in the miami open .   williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets on wednesday .   williams will face romania 's simona halep for a place in the final .
official advert for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in las vegas .   the marketing team for both mayweather and pacquiao put together the 30-second clip , filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11 .   the fight on may 2 is expected to surpass the pay-per-view record of # 102m set by mayweather 's fight with oscar de la hoya accumulated in may 2007 .
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside roches family hotel in grafton .   nick weller initially saw two girls brawling on the streets friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road .   mr weller and other onlookers spotted a woman armed with two rubber sex toys .
ben cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle on wednesday morning but did not appear .   his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments and said he had a photograph of the document , but the court requires a hard copy .   he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test .
nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal .   the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since december .   ranger has been awol since returning to london .
more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest .   the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ` natural habitat ' essence skyscraper .   the proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats .
man turned a gun on himself at the universal studios theme park in hollywood , california .   he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time .   the man was said to have shot himself in a secluded part of the theme park , near a depiscable me-themed ride .
video shows the jihadi to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq .   but as the car detonates like a firework , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb on the ground .   it comes as iraq 's prime minister said his country needs greater support from international coalition so it can ` finish ' islamic state .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time this century .   here is the second of my 12 fights in boxing 's history .   louis louis , joe louis , louis and joe louis will win the heavyweight title .
ukip leader said ` terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider ditching cigarettes .   party leader admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter .   mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but insists he is not unwell .
alonso and balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the base in montana .   one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the service .   alonso was charged with illegal possession , use and distribution of ecstasy and cocaine .
nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   but he claims that overall caps on net migration ` might change every year '   ukip 's manifesto chief said he would not set ` arbitrary targets ' in march .   but ukip leader said it would be ` ludicrous ' to stop people leaving country .
at around 12.45 pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle .   on february 7 , a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the pool of the pool .   police want to speak to after a ` peeping tom ' incident at a swimming pool .
masood mansouri , 33 , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault .   the 20-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he was a taxi driver .   but instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends it is alleged .   the woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes .   five days later she took an overdose of her mother 's blood pressure tablets .
mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of boxing .   boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of floyd mayweather .   manny pacquiao will put his undefeated career on the line against pacquaio .
queensland government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence .   federal mp bob katter said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties .   mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week .
the family of adolf hitler 's minister of propaganda joseph goebbels is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries .   the dispute comes after peter longerich , a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany , drew on the diaries for a biography called goebbels , which was published in germany in 2010 .   now the english edition of the biography is due to be published by penguin random house uk .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
at least 400 migrants trying to reach europe from libya were killed after leaving the libyan coast .   it was also claimed the body of one migrant , who died on another boat .   more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend .
sunderland beat newcastle derby at the stadium of light on sunday .   the black cats captain wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle .   john o'shea has won the last three points with sunderland .
lewis hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai .   the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season .   but his podium celebrations have shown behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' and should be forced to apologise for ` specially directing ' the bubbly into the woman 's face .
chelsy davy laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair .   the ex-girlfriend of prince harry radiated health comes to a bronze glow on wednesday night .   chelsy davy is the 29-year-old radiated health .
justin bieber and lil wayne enter the ring at the mgm grand in las vegas in september 2013 .   gallagher joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez .   cleverly was also joined in the wbo light heavyweight bout .
the world 's leading gold mining company has paid compensation to 11 women after they were raped by the firm 's security guards and police .   one of the women was a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us .   she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers offered to pay her to an atm to draw out the money .
manchester united host everton in the second half of the season .   louis van gaal is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of carrick .   borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan has been linked with a move to old trafford .
theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket .   so she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend , who has not been named .   the ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating dybalski 's birthday .
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city .   the west ham star fired a warning to jack rodwell and scott sinclair .   sam allardyce believes the 25-year-old should remain in the premier league .
air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where mh17 fell in eastern ukraine after the boeing 777 was shot out of the sky nine months ago .   the plane was downed by a suspected russian-made missile , killing all 298 passengers and crew on july 17 , 2014 .   in all , 16 containers of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week .
sebastien pocognoli says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from 11 .   pocognoli insists he could n't get his head around the decisions being made .   the belgian defender says he does n't want to be one of the players .
half a million first time buyers will be helped onto the housing ladder every year by 2020 .   george osborne said he wanted to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes .   since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
david ospina has the highest of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances .   the gunners goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league since he displaced wojciech szczesny as no 1 in january .   gerard pique made 12 premier league appearances for manchester united .
prime minister last night said he would be a ` big failure ' if he does not win a commons majority .   mr cameron will show labour and the snp are ` really on the same side '   snp backed labour in 27 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy .   labour and snp have ruled out formal coalition but refused to do .
todd larson , 55 , had parked his dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car .   he said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home .   ` it hit so hard that four or five neighbors ' car alarms went through my roof by only inches and if i had come up , '
australian financial review journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft '   on friday , the day before anzac day , the afr 's geoff winestock wrote on the social media site : ` ridiculous i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is in 50 years no soldiers around to honour '   the sbs football journalist condemned anzac day as an ` imperialist
the man 's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor lucy gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night .   gransbury thought only the deaf and ` those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise .   but after a month of not back from any of her neighbours .
ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life .   he formed an obsession with photography and takes most of his shots on kiama beach on south wales .   he grew up on the south coast of nsw .
lishan wang was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010 .   he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital .   wang , a father of three , is due back in court on may 21 .
kim and kanye west made a tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots .   paris is top of her travel-list .   kim has also been ditching with her husband .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in rojava , near the turkish border , while fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units and was given a heroes send off .   his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death .   the australian reportedly died on february 24 in a small village near shingal in iraq .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 , after her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday .   may is charged with a single charge of killing his alleged victim at some point between april 20 and april 25 .   ms woodford was found dead three days after being reported missing by her family and was said to have suffered ` massive injuries '   he will appear at cardiff crown court tomorrow for a plea hearing .
gareth huw davies is the ` prince of the night ' at the uda island in the indian ocean .   the island 's ancient name is high on display to visit in 2015 .   sri lanka is a vestige of ancient sri lanka .
liam marshall-ascough has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend 's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal , sociable person .   the candidate , who is gay , is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent and is a traditional labour stronghold .   mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job
10 per cent of patients could not amounts to 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week .   patients who report worse access to conventional gp appointments are more likely to use out-of-hours services .   patients were able to see a gp within two week days had lower rates of a&e department visits .
cristiano ronaldo scored his team 's fourth late in extra time for the lisbon final .   carlo ancelotti 's ` cup with the big ears ' for the fifth time as player or coach .   ancelotti was a hero for madrid 's two principal teams .
army-veteran william snyder , 34 , has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend .   the body of shelley jo snyder was found in a river near to their home on saturday .   police in renovo say snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $ 60,000 for his wife 's safe return .
richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail .   he was photographed walking out of the hearing and said his release as ` wonderful '   last month a court ruled richard lapointe confessed to raping bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .   lapointe 's lawyer said he will stay under 7am with a couple in
the family of raymond actor sawyer sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning .   his manager dino may said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the part of the house while family members were .   he was found with a gunshot wound to his head .
aljaz arthur de greef saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach final four .   czech young gun jiri vesely will play gimeno-traver in the semi-finals .   martin klizan will face damir dzumhur on friday .
femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk .   ms jones said ms jones 's research lead us to nibble snack tribes .   ms jones says snacking on a handful of almonds once a day for 21 days .
doug hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' rep. jason chaffetz said .   chaffetz said security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week .   a ` judgment call ' was made not to shoot hughes down , chaffetz said .
newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points .   john carver insists his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play .   newcastle are just nine points above the relegation zone .   raheem sterling scored in liverpool 's 2-0 win over newcastle at anfield .
rev richard coles rose to fame as half of the band the communards .   he attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal '   he also confessed that he falsely told his friends that he was hiv positive .   coles , 52 , is now a housing association in northamptonshire .
tiger woods was spotted practising at augusta on tuesday .   woods has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from farmers insurance open on february 5 with his back problems .   woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .
pep guardiola remains manchester city 's first choice to replace manuel pellegrini .   guardiola has a year remaining on his contract in germany but a quarter-final champions league exit .   manuel pellegrini has been out of the race for the premier league title .
new mother claire sweeney has turned to hypnotherapist susan hepburn to help her shed two stone .   she famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 .   claire , 44 , has sought the help of celebrity hypnotherapist susan to curb her sweet tooth and quit her habit of snacking when she 's bored .
teacher aaron galloway , 23 , was on half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in czech republic capital .   cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon .   when aaron got home , he went on ebay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction .
millions of people in middle america to keep an eye to the sky wednesday and thursday amid threats of hail , high winds and strong tornadoes .   a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern oklahoma to central missouri .   fewer than 1 million people were in wednesday 's ` moderate risk ' area between wichita , kansas , and jefferson city , missouri , but 34 million were under at least higher risk .
eyeko london 's bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- offering more than 100 different combinations of brush shape and formula .   eyeko 's new bespoke mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes .   eyeko london is one brand .
rachelle owen , 16 , died after being struck by a train close to hoylake .   her mother kay diamond , 44 , was allegedly murdered in february .   police said the death was not being treated as suspicious .
reanne evans faces ken doherty in first qualifier for world championship finals .   29-year-old from dudley would be first woman to reach crucible should she win three qualifiers .   ken doherty is the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion .
ben grower refused to deal with a local resident because they supported ukip , it has been claimed .   he signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip '   formal complaint has been lodged against mr grower and council is investigating .   the 65-year-old said he has nothing to apologise for .
pingan zhao was named china 's ` miracle baby ' after he was born as his mother died in a crash .   his mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city .   both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march .
eugenie bouchard beat canada in a fed cup match at the weekend .   the wimbledon final eugenie bouchard won up to world no 7 .   bouchard has now won the world 's top 10 .
turia pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia .   the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane .   turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from 14th floor window of executive plaza building .   found on balcony of michelangelo hotel and pronounced dead at scene .   nypd spokesman said they were treating death as suicide .
a fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week .   mai mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her melbourne home last tuesday .   chinese tourist cai xia liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder .
a passenger flying from newcastle airport to gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was semtex , a plastic explosive .   pease had six # 1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage .   pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the north east of england .
the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest .   each carry about 680 passengers .   the size of the ship is able to access ports that are in tv .
andrea dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods .   the 33-year-old was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday .   he also played for sunderland under paolo di canio and gus poyet .
the statement nineties chop made famous by jim carrey 's lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , from rihanna and robert pattinson to lena dunham and miley cyrus .   one chain of british barber shops has reported a 200 per cent surge in requests for unflattering cut .   the craze may have been in part by the release of dumber to the 1994 cult hit .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting mocked-up image of the buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook .   human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the foreign office .   the 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar 's burmese owner .
grey will feature heavily in the european champions ' shirts for next year .   the pink touches from this season 's shirts will also be dropped .   real madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit .
st mirren 's jim goodwin has a shot on goal against st mirren .   st mirren may be at the bottom of the premiership table .   james forrest made four changes from celtic midfielder stefan johansen .
kevin pietersen made his first lv = county championship appearance since june 2013 .   the surrey batsman fell for 19 on his championship return .   pietersen hopes to be in the first ashes test this summer .
a representative for the comedienne told us weekly she has been estranged from vijay chokal-ingam ` for years ' and claimed she ` was not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race '   this comes as chokal-ingam , 38 , admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book , almost black .   he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes
england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies .   england captain was on 101 from 200 deliveries during day two of the st kitts and nevis tour match .   ian bell and gary ballance completed the second ball of the day on 95 .
the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed '   now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court .   ` hillary clinton supports marriage equality and hopes the court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being constitutional right , ' attorney general eric holder
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in majadahonda , a suburb of madrid .   she had been staying for the last two or three months .   at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from argentina and the man 's aunt has also not been found .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 in washington , d.c.   the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him .   the pair got into a struggle and stabbed the victim until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times .   the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back
max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish .   mr muggeridge could n't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line , and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore .   the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach .
the wet weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front in augusta for the weekend .   rory mcilroy 's grand slam bid was disrupted by bad weather in augusta .   world no 1 is the best challenge to rory mcilroy .
ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up .   two months later mr beefnah claims audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car .   mr beefnah 's car has been parked outside the audi dealership in february as a warning to other buyers .
the 20-year-old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 .   vitesse 's squad for their trip to excelsior and fined by the dutch club .   wallace is on a season-long loan at vitesse .
concept artist alex brady , 32 , from cambridge imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas .   the iss currently houses six astronauts at a time but a space settlement would have artificial gravity by rotating around an axis .   future space settlements may also have hundreds of people on board .
woolworths launched ` fresh in our memories ' last week .   the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' by social media users .   the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page .
the first man to serve as white house social secretary is leaving after four years on the job .   bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister .   the first lady said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team . '
most parents have the souvenir of a scan of their child in the womb at 12 weeks .   sally and stephen morley are one of some 1,500 couples in britain .   also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process .
a staffer to donald trump retweeted an off-color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it .   when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him to his audience of 2.8 million people .   his office confirmed on friday that it was a trump employee , not a fat-fingered ceo , who was responsible .
researchers at yale university have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the us .   interactive map allows you to see common phrases for a region , as well as its source .   while the map focuses on the us , it also has a small amount of data for the uk .
owner safer hassan said he plans to appeal the decision by the texan department for motor vehicles .   the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month .   the real license plate on the left hand side saw it spelled ` a ** hole ' upside-down .
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created invention .   it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean hydrogen fuel .   water splitting is an electro-chemical process that two electrodes generate oxygen and hydrogen from water .
a measure proposed to the oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels .   it would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph .   bill sponsor democratic sen. chris edwards told the senate committee on business after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers .
sales of a burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram have helped boost profits .   the poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti .   sales of designer-label version were first modelled on the catwalk by cara delevingne .
schumacher junior is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team .   schumacher junior will start 19th in the 38-car grid in saturday 's first race .   schumacher 's debut in the adac formula 4 series will take part in two more races on sunday .
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 .   algieri lost every round to manny pacquiao at wembley on june 13 .   khan said it would be chris algieri as his opponent last week .
dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment .   now , harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court .   harrell faces up to 40 years in prison .
a husky called sky , a brown and white springer spaniel called marshall .   the three dogs were captured in a front room in bahama , north carolina .   sadie and a springer spaniel , the springer spaniel and a black dogs are musically .
named abu hafs al-badri , the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi is claimed to be one of the cousins of isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi .   the teenage duo carried out joint suicide missions in isis 's offensive on the baiji oil refinery in iraq last month .   it appears isis 's growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers .
the university of michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over complaints that american sniper portrays muslims as villains .   the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression '   the center for campus involvement has announced the decision to complaints by students about portrayals of arabs and the middle east in the film .   the movie will be shown during a student mixer friday .
emily and byron schlenker are the world record holders for having the widest female and male toungues .   byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6 cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 .   his daughter emily is not far behind at 7.3 cm and hold 's the record for the female tongue while her father has the men 's crown .
tunisian boat captain mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night , some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the mediterranean .   he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of malta .   prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship .
the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey .   the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch .   they even eat dead and rotten animals .
steven howie , 28 , left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over an hour in the room at a lonely inn on new year 's eve .   howie , a joiner , punched , kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault , smashed furnishings and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges .   because the inn was so isolated miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 .
paul childs is the second liberal democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is hiv positive .   he said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by the ukip leader 's ` scaremongering ' over the number of foreigners who have the condition .   mr childs said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test .
campaign chiefs call for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life '   signatories , who said they were ` all working people ' , warned about ` proliferation contracts '   signatories , trade unionists and children of millionaires were also found .   woman moved to britain after she had ` marriage ' in nigeria in 2007 .   court in manchester heard she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage .   with space for 12 guests on board , the yacht yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ` range rover of the seas '   the superyacht costs $ 43million -lrb- around # 29million -rrb- to build and was designed to build any weather .   it can be din for a submarine .
roma ended their winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a .   miralem pjanic scored shot by napoli in the second half .   roma 's winless streak - and diego maradona 's former club were fifth .
kadeem brown , 25 , was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by a passing taxi .   the cab driver suffered a seizure moments before the crash .   garcia has since had his tlc license taken away but has not been charged with any crime .
qpr have confirmed eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury that is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks .   the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday 's 4-1 win over west brom .   vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
shoccara marcus received a call from her sister in 2011 that her father had been diagnosed with cancer .   she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to her family 's atlanta , georgia home .   she said she expresses her feelings of isolation , both metaphoric and literal .
a graduate student uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector .   the short video is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain .   ms kanwisher , 56 , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions .
virgil van dijk believed he had sampled the worst decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against inter milan .   the claims of referee steven mclean and his five assistants failed to see the handball .   in the scottish cup semi-final defeat to inverness caledonian thistle .
england face italy in the euro 2016 qualifier on tuesday .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have won the finals in france .   england captain wayne rooney and luke shaw are on the scoresheet .
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol .   a black flamingo was reportedly last spotted in israel in 2014 .   experts believe it could be the only flamingo of melanism in the world .
angelique kerber beat madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday .   the german won six of the last seven games for 6-2 , 4-6 .   kerber beat friend andrea petkovic in the semifinals .
the $ 40 anti-wrinkle beauty pillow is said to banish facial and chest sleep wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side .   the wrinkle preventing version is ` therapeutic and extra-smooth ' and redirecting moisture back into the skin .   it is also said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep .
the queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of victory in europe -lrb- ve -rrb- day , when second world war allied forces defeated hitler 's nazi troops .   a chain of beacons will be lit across the country , spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking the milestone .   on ve day may 8 , 1945 , the queen , then princess elizabeth .
david miscavige , 79 , allegedly had his father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the church .   the church paid a father-son team of detectives $ 10,000 a week to track ron miscavige 's every move .   the church of scientology accused david miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment , abuse and blackmail .
sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population .   the research analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of abusing seven women in sweden between 1973 and 2009 .   genetic material from both parents is passed on .
cristiano ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter to hug gareth bale .   atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 0-0 on tuesday night at the vicente calderon .   bale had scored five in his last four games for real madrid .
ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton .   former celtic full-back 's last goal was also against rangers .   stuart mccall 's promise of fielding more academy players .
chris zebroski was jailed for four years and four months for robbery , attempted robbery and assault .   the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday but now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court .   zebroski then punched the first driver and demanded his phone .
emmanuel adebayor insists he is happy to fight for his place at white hart lane .   adebayor joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city on loan .   adebayor has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season .
a series of tracks left by early human in ileret , northwest kenya , have a total of 99 prints .   they believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time .   even stalking some of the other animals that left the prints - homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters .   research by dr neil roach said the prints appeared to have been made by adult males .
arsenal will take on reading on saturday as league leaders chelsea take on manchester united at stamford bridge .   santi cazorla and aaron ramsey could star for arsenal in their fa cup semi-final with reading .   arsene wenger branded rumours that he will be leaving the club this summer .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season .   czech republic international would be a good fit under arsene wenger .   cech is poised to leave chelsea in the summer .
tom daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games .   the former world champion spent long hours on the trampoline technique before building the dive in stages .   new coach jane figueiredo spent the winter a new plunge .
charlie austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave loftus road in the summer .   everton have made a new striker their priority for the summer .   oulare is the son of former guinea international souleymane oulare .
james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england .   the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 .   in 2009 , natural england ` shirked ' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law for three years .
gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs .   each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies with infants kept in small containers , and others ripped to pieces while decomposing .   archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed .
the sydney opera house will play host to a glowing pop-up bar from may 22 .   this year will feature the city 's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination .   vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night .
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals .   3,000 people aged 18 or older are expected to shell out for the prom .   for a primer on promposals , see previous years ' prom proposals .
a handwritten book containing notes and calculations made by alan turing while he worked on decoding enigma has been sold at auction for # 700,000 .   the 56-page document , believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript in existence , was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at bletchley park , in buckinghamshire .   he details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science .
in tudor times , buckwheat pillows were down to their grandchildren .   it 's filled with the tiny husks which protect the kernel of the buckwheat grain .   in summer , they can chill as the chill will cut inflammation .
cook county judge dennis porter , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd , 22 .   she was gunned down on march 21 as she shot an unarmed woman in the back of the head .   boyd died after one of the five bullets from servin glock handgun pierced left side of her head .
scientists at yale university in connecticut have revealed how the drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory .   researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in alzheimer 's patients .   drug was developed by the astra zeneca with the original aim of treating certain types of tumour , but was shelved after it proved ineffective .
jack wilshere was a hitchin boy at luton town 's academy .   charlie patino and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham .   luton 's academy kid made his debut for arsene wenger 's side .
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer .   it is one year since tito vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club they won three la liga titles and two champions league .   vilanova was part of barcelona cathedral to pay tribute to vilanova .
roberto carlos won the competition three times in five seasons with los blancos .   former ac milan captain paolo maldini won the champions league on five occasions during his career .   clarence seedorf is clarence seedorf .
michael carrick and daley blind were two of four manchester united players ruled out of the clash with chelsea .   centre-backs phil jones and marcos rojo will also miss the trip to the premier league leaders .   louis van gaal has said rooney may play in holding midfield role against chelsea .
the most dangerous serve their time in level iv maximum-security facilities where it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated .   all four reside in a sensitive needs housing unit .   housing unit can be found inside level iv facilities and is set to protect former members from the gangs .
graeme burke is the manager of engineering services for the statue .   statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a fishing rod .   graeme burke has become a character part of popular folklore .
william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died two minutes apart from each other .   both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes .   just five minutes later the phone rang again .
progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in finland .   but new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has slipped down international rankings tables as new liberal techniques .   former education secretary said it has declined to raise standards in schools .
didier drogba raised # 400,000 for chelsea striker 's charity ball at london 's swanky dorchester hotel on saturday night .   the ivory coast star was pictured with a dance at the ivorian 's charity bash in london .   the didier drogba foundation will open medical clinic in abidjan this year .
crystal palace host manchester united in premier league and fa cup semi-final .   manchester city host west ham united in the premier league .   stoke city host swansea city .
labour received # 1.1 million in donations between april 6 and april 12 .   union barons gave more than # 700,000 to labour in the second week of the election campaign .   most of the tory cash came from wealthy individuals .
lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday .   she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer .   as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where she passed away on friday morning .
ava ciach , six , had to have her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle .   her mother stacey ciach , from geelong in victoria , suffered from sagittal synostosis - a rare condition known as sagittal synostosis .   it was discovered two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 3-1 in the champions league on tuesday .   cristiano ronaldo and co will be without striker karim benzema .   dani carvajal was on end of madrid boss sergio ramos , isco and nacho .
at least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation .   there are 13 members of the crew are still missing after the trawler tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in .   the russian freezer trawler was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast .
ferrari racing driver kimi raikkonen finished first in friday 's practice session for the bahrain grand prix .   mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will face in qualifying and the race .   ferrari 's fernando alonso and toro rosso 's carlos sainz jr and max verstappen in fourth and sixth .
malky mackay was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman david sharpe after the latics lost 2-0 at home against derby county .   mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of iain moody .   mackay was handed the job by former owner dave whelan in november .
the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , will move on to new hampshire on monday .   bill clinton said ` i 'm proud of her ' while on a visit to oklahoma city .   in his first public comments on his wife 's 2016 presidential bid , bill clinton was in oklahoma city to speak about the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995 .
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth # 100,000 per week .   the club 's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is yet to sign an extension .   henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 .
jamie silvonek , 54 , was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying , previously charged with homicide .   he confessed to stabbing cheryl silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in silvonek 's car , and jamie silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body .   the teen 's attorney said he believes his client was under barnes ' control .
britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb- .   he wrote that the leibniz notation was ` extremely difficult ' it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science .   it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist .
footballer raheem sterling was filmed apparently inhaling legal high ` hippy crack '   footage emerged today which appears to show liverpool and england winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on .   drugs charity re-solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health .   sterling 's boyhood coach said : ` nitrous oxide is not most dangerous drug out . '
the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend andrew chan is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia 's ` execution island '   indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015 .   chan has written at least three times to her since being transferred in march to nusa kambangan for execution alongside fellow bali nine drugs gang member myuran sukumaran , 33 , who is also australian .   chan 's brother michael
meaghan hudson , 25 , left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013 , saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma , a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow , and she was unlikely to survive .   miss hudson 's friends , who have known her since high school in dayton , ohio , went to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric .   the 25-year-old also had a fundraising website
secret cameras at an east london boozer show men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend 's football matches .   they did n't pick up a single mention of football .   one man in the lord nelson pub was told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman .
dove grey suit was once worn by notorious hermann goering .   they used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight german commander .   it is now expected to fetch # 85,000 when it goes under the hammer in plymouth .
footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted on his pal 's back .   clyde is forced to get down from his perch and back to all fours .   their owner says ` fat ' clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves .
kestrel and barn owl lunged at each other so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety .   fight was captured on video by photographer robert fuller using a camera he set up inside a 13ft-high elm tree stump in his garden in thixendale , north yorkshire .   the kestrel found an exhibition at fuller 's gallery .
marc macrae was election agent for the snp 's westminster leader angus robertson .   he said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised .   mr robertson has urged scots to vote tory .
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania .   canadian star faces world no 66 dulgheru in her first contest .   canadian star has won six games as world no 7 .
west brom have honoured the memory of jeff astle on ` astle day '   the baggies are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation .   astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 .   saido berahino was worn by west brom icon astle .
premier league leaders chelsea have already had to resume their season after international breaks in september and november 2014 .   everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after an international break .   six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win .
a replica of the car used in the back to the future films being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between stoke-on-trent and crewe yesterday .   officers joked that the futuristic-looking car from the 1980s had a ` leaky flux capacitor ' from the movie .   the car was not travelling at 88mph .
george osborne was booed at the paralympic games tour of the south west .   the chancellor has been booed by his children and luke and liberty .   he says his hardline ` austerity britain ' were a hate figure .
the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear .   cantona is adamant it is ' a work of art ' and ` beautiful ' and not a porn film .   cantona has defended the film .
scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games to make it four in a row .   ronny deila 's celtic side for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness .   deila believes treble success will help not beat players to the club this summer .
rupa huq accused mailonline of ` picking on her ' when she was quizzed about the donation at a hustings debate last night .   mr blair made # 1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats across the country in march .   one said she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the iraq war .
brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody .   the clip shows adam and matt , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys .   the duo hail down a jogger on the street .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate .   utah dmv denied his request for a personalized license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart .   breitenbach had been an carrier 's gunner during his time in the army .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ` lock david cameron out of downing street '   she said the offer stood ` regardless of who is the biggest party ' in commons .   miss sturgeon also denied claim in the memo that mr miliband is ` not prime minister material '   ed miliband has vowed to prop up ed miliband in downing street .   her comments raise mr miliband ending up in number 10 .
ariana mason , 21 , claims she was choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel .   ariana was flanked by her parents , fred and francina mason of teaneck , new jersey , plus an aunt from los angeles .   she was subjected to excessive force at the hotel while she was being arrested on august 16 last year .
inquiry into the iraq war are unlikely to be unveiled this year .   sir john chilcot began in 2009 , but will not report until 2016 .   newsnight 's diplomatic editor mark urban said he had been told inquiry will be delayed until at least 2016 .
images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded on the thin ice before being dragged onto vessels .   animal rights charity humane society international say the baby animals are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying .   photographs of this year 's commercial hunt off the coast of newfoundland .
rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago .   mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and khamlee vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls .   ms taylor , who had been in the high-profile position for less than a month , has been fired by officials for exhibiting ` conduct unbecoming of a city employee
` rich ' prefer non drinker and smoker will get free gym membership .   it is also ` also a princess when need to be ' for his part in humpty doo , northern territory .   outback casanova , who lives in northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .
fourteen minutes after alaska airlines flight 448 took off monday , the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft .   the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .   after the plane landed a ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers .   their mother is roxanne dubé , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in miami .   the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and rob the drug dealers .
ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in july .   mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour video games this year .   the latest version of the game series features a number of new features .
the 71-year-old real estate scion awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california appeared in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession .   durst was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon , marijuana and a latex mask that could fit over his neck and head .   fbi agents arrested durst over fears he would flee the country .
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test .   the players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect .   richie benaud died last week .
steve peters will play a key role in troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean .   trott has made a return to the test side 18 months since he quit the ashes tour .   trott is the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars .
hudea was pictured late last year by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp , just 10km from the border .   she , her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre .   it is thought they headed for idlib - now in the control of al-qaeda affiliate al-nusra .
prince harry arrived in australia on monday for his month-long secondment .   the prince is scheduled to spend the rest of the month stationed in sydney and perth .   prince harry has been in australia since monday .
england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday .   anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker .   burnley cc team-mate now now club chairman .
prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting cost of saving for a deposit .   tory leader set out seven point plan to promise voters ` security at every stage of your life '   tory leader said ` dream of home ownership is alive ' and will help build more houses .   he said it will help a million people over parliament .
kyle knox , 23 , was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high ben nevis route .   he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area yesterday .   the hunt had to be called off in darkness last night .
peter reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday around 7pm in their new nissan infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand .   reece told police he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water .   reece and his fiancee got out of the car , but his mother and daughter were trapped inside .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce and had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold .   while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a franciscan chapel , and even etchings thought to be made by the knights templar .   the search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium .
mils muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following connacht 's clash with gloucester on friday night .   muliaina 's arrest was captured live on sky sports after his side 's 14-7 loss at kingsholm .   the former all black was arrested at kingsholm and then led to a police van muliaina live on tv .
a baby was found dead at this home in perry barr , birmingham .   the child was taken to birmingham children 's hospital but died hours later .   a 25-year-old man and 22-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder .
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united .   the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal .   louis van gaal has made 147 appearances and won two premier league titles .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   mr smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a natural talent with children .
the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story .   lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2 .   marihugh and lewis both served in the u.s. marine corps before they enlisted in the navy .
serbia 's president to italy last week forced to turn back .   when the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board .   the plane landed safely back in belgrade .
jonathan gonzales , 17 , charged with two counts of delivery of a controlled cocaine while aaron coleman , 18 , was charged with delivery of marijuana , one fourth ounce .   the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 .   on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized in the bust .
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre .   wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years '   the class of '92 is gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt .   wayne rooney signed for manchester united in a # 6million loan deal from monaco .
in the video , francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was punching and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes following a chase through the california desert .   seconds later , two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers .   they then stun him again , and again .
jose mourinho has warned players and fans on first beating crystal palace .   the premier league had agreed to a request from the bbc to film the trophy at stamford bridge .   didier drogba scored against leicester on tuesday .
sussex head coach mark robinson warned that matt prior remains ` pretty much out indefinitely ' as his recovery from an achilles injury .   prior , 33 , was affected by the problem last summer .   he lost his england place to jos buttler and has not played since july .
jonathan krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the chest around 2 a.m. friday while walking home .   justin smith , 18 , with the murder friday afternoon , this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described .   smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading .
the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco .   a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling .   the couple want back the house and a $ 1.8 million home , $ 400,000 in cars and even a $ 12 lace thong .
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his # 100,000 overfinch range rover .   the england captain was spotted in the first half after his side 's loss to chelsea in the premier league .   jose mourinho 's side have 70 per cent possession .
roger byng , 67 , on the wetlands estuary in slimbridge , gloucester .   he noticed a charging fox out of the corner of his eye .   mr byng was in a bid to take down the large bird .
select prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk .   the delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day .   the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative .
trinity culley used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic .   when her mother dee culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action .   the 10-year-old helped deliver her baby sister at home using vital tips from television 's ` one born every minute ' - after she watched the programme against her parents ' wishes .
danny ings could be set for a summer move to old trafford .   robin van persie and radamel falcao are uncertain and van gaal has put the englishman on his list of targets .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers tried to sign the striker in january .
dominika petrinova pretended he had put his girlfriend 's dog in a washing machine .   the 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog sam was put in the wash before mr meldik revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound .   so ms petrinova had tried to pull himself free after her boyfriend 's prank .
goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 % over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration .   this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong .   sydney will be one of the only markets not to be hit by an oversupply of housing in 2017 .
leanne bourne moved into her home when she was 17 .   her sister larissa knipe is seven years pregnant .   ms bourne appeared on itv 's this morning to tell her story .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure has been disappointed by the ivory coast midfielder 's level .   manuel pellegrini admits he is disappointed by yaya toure .   toure has come in for criticism for city 's premier league campaign .
manchester city wanted isco when he left malaga two years ago .   carlo ancelotti 's front three is gareth bale , cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema .   isco is unhappy with his role and playing time at real madrid .
muhammad naviede , 60 , was killed instantly in a plane crash on august 20 .   the 60-year-old sent a text saying his aircraft was going down .   he had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text .
dundee boss paul hartley says paul mcgowan may not feature in any of the team 's remaining six games this season .   after his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer , mcgowan escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm for 16 weeks .   hartley fears that even playing in the city of discovery could leave the player at risk of breaching his order .
two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following crash in goodge street this morning .   it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road .   no arrests have been made .
four young sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's sunshine coast home in the night .   the story was that the girls had been taken from their abusive father back in italy to hide out in australia and now they were being sent back to the ` monster ' against their will .   the girls ' mother portrayed the cruelty of the dad , and the girls - then aged nine to 14 years old .
celtic have won one match and earned # 12.6 m in champions league .   celtic manager ronny deila will qualify for the champions league .   celtic face ac milan , ajax and barcelona .
ludovic obraniak is on loan at caykur rizespor from werder bremen .   the poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests .   fenerbahce went on to win 5-1 tomove to the top of the turkish super lig .
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus .   the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 .   staff on the infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak .   symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches .
eileen mason and margaret seabrook attempted to get his hands on the contents of mrs seabrook 's scooter basket .   the man saved her friend from a lunch club meeting in swindon when an ` evil looking ' man appeared from behind a fence .   mrs mason said they refused to let the ` weasel ' bring them down .
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home verona in the champions league on monday .   verona substitute mounir obbadi scored a late goal against fiorentina .   fiorentina host dynamo kiev on 49 points from 31 games .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was '   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act .   prince harry was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at the encore .
raheem sterling will still be a liverpool player next season .   sterling has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week deal and put off talks until the summer .   liverpool take on blackburn in fa cup quarter-final replay .
the us department of veterans affairs reported hearing loss is one of the most common ailments among veterans receiving disability compensation .   scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition .   they have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial to developing hearing loss .   genetic risk for hearing loss can decide whether to take precautionary measures to protect their hearing prior to hazardous noise exposure .
a new delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in december .   this week in denver , a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger 's home .   joe sullivan , 46 , will leave his role as facebook 's security chief to help uber defend safety concerns .
kevin russ traveled from california to colorado for his way through arizona , texas and new mexico .   the photographer said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea .   the photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years .
bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days in church with his family .   his final request comes as images showed a haunting self portrait painted by sukumaran in his cell , depicting the artist shot through the heart .   painting is a self-portrait of sukumaran with a bullet hole through his heart .
joe anderson , 56 , claimed # 4,500 per year from chesterfield high school , merseyside .   mayor of liverpool attempted to justify payments by saying he provided school with ` kudos ' for being linked to him .   labour mayor stopped payments in 2011 , claiming discrimination because of ` philosophical belief ' in public service .
gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy '   wigan 's battling 2-2 draw against fulham at craven cottage .   wigan 's jason pearce only replaced malky mackay on wednesday .   the latics are seven points adrift of safety .
the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed that the washington supreme court did not act when it rejected clark elmore 's claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial .   elmore , who was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child , received the court 's ruling on wednesday .   ohnstad , a middle school student , was the daughter of elmore 's live-in girlfriend .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell received winning of 116-112 and 115-113 .   jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by derek edwards in 2014 .   jack narrowly claimed wbc super-middleweight title on points against american boxer dirrell .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat .   vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia .   if convicted , surkov and burkaev face life in jail .
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 at this week 's shell houston open last month .   the golf club of houston is set up his bid for a third major victory in the career grand slam .   tiger woods will end his exile from the game .
33-year-old claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust .   ` i got a test for chlamydia because i 'm sure he cheated on me , ' he said .   claim was made by ex-girlfriend sophie of attacking his new love linda .
u.s. senator robert menendez has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in gifts and campaign contributions .   menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad .   menendez posed on the cover of ` sexy ' magazine and a ukrainian actress who moved to florida to live in one of melgen 's homes .
christian benteke has scored seven minutes to go in a game aston villa .   the queens park rangers striker has taken only a hat-trick in his career .   he says he does not practise free-kicks .
john t. booker jr was detained in manhattan , kansas on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses , including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction .   booker was shown how to arm the bomb , and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by fbi informants before being arrested .   booker was plotting to carry out an attack on a us military base similar to the deadly assault at fort hood in 2009 .
kathy hughes , 12 , said she was ` downright proud ' of her father , who was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last week .   on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the lawn .   he is currently under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a
the 46-year-old had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years .   conchita van der waal offered a range of ` kinky ' sexual services to clients from $ 450 an hour .   she has also been offering her sexual services at more than # 300 an hour .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his role at liverpool .   liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe .   the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed .
vivien 's models catherine mcgill launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago .   the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers .   ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio .
chloe pearsall , 26 , joanne fisher , 36 , and barbara holcroft , 63 , were jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the mental capacity act .   another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors .   all four workers ` systematically ' abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses .
parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16.4 c in pembrey sands , carmarthenshire .   forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the mediterranean .   the uk enjoyed the hottest day of the year so far highs of 25c .
ian wright has been confirmed as the man who will present ap mccoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday .   wright , who had seven seasons at arsenal and broke every scoring record in the book , will hand over mccoy 's trophy before heading back into london to present his radio phone in .   ap mccoy is now a television pundit but played for arsenal during his years as a professional .
josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for hull kr against bradford bulls .   ryan shaw 's last three tries came in the final 18 minutes .   east yorkshire side 's second cup tie ended in 2011 .
tate ricks went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize .   the unidentified man with him attempted to save ricks but could not .   officials said they plan to continue the search as long as conditions are safe .   ricks , a third grade student at kelly smith elementary school in palatka , was reportedly with his grandmother 's boyfriend fishing when the boating accident occurred .
gao yu , 71 , jailed for seven years for ` illegally providing state secrets to foreigners '   the ruling communist party named ` document number 9 ' to a hong kong media .   gao is one of the international press institute 's 50 ` world press heroes ' in 2000 .   beijing 's no. 3 intermediate people 's court said on a social media account .
police in san francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder .   the remains which were removed from the house on saturday are believed to be that of anna ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn .   police said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces and bottles of urine .
former afl star ben cousins left fremantle magistrates court on thursday , 24 hours after failing to face a magistrate over driving charges .   ` it does n't matter if you 're mother theresa or jack the ripper , ' magistrate steven malley said .   cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday but he failed to show up .
the prize porker had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood , hampshire .   his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out .   team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water .
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water .   health minister jillian skinner said she was ` highly disappointed ' to see the kitchen rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence .   evans ' family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water .
david de gea and victor valdes made the rare english sun on tuesday .   united 's sixth premier league win against louis van gaal 's side .   de gea will be fit for second place in the premier league .
chris sutton has branded alan muir ` idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final .   meekings is fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer .   sutton says muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he 's not up to the job .
the parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as old as 40 - as the day .   at 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed .   but by 9.47 she looked exhausted as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day .
the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sunday 's semi-final was thrown out .   the sfa judicial panel said it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case .   on thursday , meekings said he was not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded .
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal , including a sniper rifle , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition , after it was claimed they stole more than $ 50,000 .   the couple , who are said to have links to the michigan militia , are accused of plundering mrs nick 's 67-year-old mother 's savings to fund the deadly haul .   police raided their home in davison township , michigan , after concerns were raised by adult protective services in august last year .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son last july .   police released his mugshot and saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face .   the photo was quickly shared thousands of times online .   now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison .
dani alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his instagram account on thursday .   barcelona had never planned to end up at manchester united .   alves , out of contract at the end of the campaign , will be 32 next month .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram and live in milton keynes .   ali , 26 , helped to teach his girlfriend - who works as a full-time blogger - how to train hard and eat clean .   the pair have now been dating two years and could be the uk 's fittest couple .
nedum onuoha is wanted by hull city .   the 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract .   qpr have held talks over a move for victor anichebe .
lauren hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor .   during her senior year of high school lauren was diagnosed with dipg , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent .   but she still made it through a full season with the mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team while raising more than $ 1.5 million for others with her condition .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , says her family being kicked off a packed plane .   mrs sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer .   she was ejected from hawaii to california along with her family because she lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly .
maryland 's middle class is the highest paid in the country .   the top five is completed by hawaii and the district of columbia .   the lowest paid middle class citizen in new york earns $ 38,246 .
stevan ridley has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right acl last season .   he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl .   new head coach todd bowles became the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency .
ed miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days this morning after going to ground over the easter weekend .   the labour leader spent all of sunday and monday with his family .   labour election chiefs say it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live tv debates .
secret support lace pencil dress is # 169 , monsoon.co.uk .   it 's one of the best known for summer weddings .   the dress is a red carpet dress .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria , where residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime .   named after the patron saint of bulgaria .   residents ' abandoned homes were submerged in 1965 .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton , he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to help him get his car started after he left the headlights on all day .   at first , he assumed the letter was from an angry fellow motorist .   now he says ` it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can .
pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage at the easter egg roll .   on monday , she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 .   this year was mr obama 's annual reading of his favorite childhood book where the wild things are .
british nuclear submarine suffered # 500,000 damage in a collision while tracking russian vessels , the mail on sunday can reveal .   hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months .   royal navy top brass are investigating the incident .
ed miliband was accused of trying to make political capital from mediterranean .   ed miliband claimed mediterranean crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of libya policy .   labour leader said miliband 's remarks were ` ill - judged '   but tory source said : ` we can say the ` tragic scenes ' in libya .
ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are .   the chargers will be free to ee customers , and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a # 20 fee .   over half said they wish there were more ways to charge their phone in public places .
tim bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with lv = county championship holders yorkshire could help him make a case for an england test recall .   bresnan last played in the england whites during the 5-0 ashes defeat .   yorkshire 's 13-year wait for a title last season was 30 wickets in 10 games .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the mens final .   novak djokovic beat murray novak djokovic in the miami open final at crandon park tennis center on saturday .   murray and djokovic face monte carlo open on saturday .
the california giant 's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity '   the system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user .   the patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot .   friends will even be able to clone their robots .
stuart mccall expects shane ferguson to be fit and ready to aid rangers .   the northern ireland international was one of five players sent north on loan to the championship side .   ferguson has not played since his country 's 2-0 win over greece in athens .
the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .   one of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted .   the young woman said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong .
the two images were taken 18 years apart , the first with the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 .   the star is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun .   it is masked by a black cloud of space dust .
gareth bale scored twice in real madrid 's 9-1 victory against granada .   the real madrid ace scored five goals against granada on sunday .   the welsh wizard was in impressive form for the international break .
reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , was celebrating the end of lent .   he was told there were health and safety concerns .   a glass could fall on his foot .
patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 .   also wrote a book about it . but she has been told she is no longer welcome back to the cove , she needs to say to daniel , ' i am very sorry i hit you with my car '   miss wilnecker is alleged to have knocked over daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance .
chelsea are nine points clear at the summit of the premier league .   jose mourinho 's side face arsenal at the emirates on sunday .   chelsea are 10 points clear of second with six games of the campaign .
gabby giffords , 44 , walked through the la airport using a cane on thursday .   she was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson , arizona .   ms giffords is now an advocate for gun control .
manuel pellegrini 's city were poor for all but the first 15 minutes against louis van gaal 's side at old trafford and neville .   gary neville said the club need to get rid of ` weeds in the garden '   neville said changes at manchester city have been a ` weeds '   manchester city are one point off arsenal in second , claims sky sports pundit gary neville .   yaya toure 's attacking gifts are n't available for the club .
toto wolff believes nico rosberg was back to his best in sunday 's bahrain grand prix .   rosberg could finish third behind hamilton and ferrari of sebastian vettel .   rosberg is 27 points behind kimi raikkonen and kimi raikkonen .
barry hearn is close to extending deals with sheffield city council , and broadcast partner the bbc expire in 2017 .   tournament favourite ronnie o'sullivan has said he would love to extending steve davis 's six crucible crowns .   john higgins took a 6-3 lead in his match with robert milkins on saturday .
anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her .   anais model has skydived more than 1,350 times and is a pro who has 35 cover shoots under her .   the st tropez-born model moved to the us as a magazine bikini model .
charles barnhoorn was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in devon .   he took hundreds canisters of nitrous oxide before taking his own life .   coroner ian arrow recorded his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation .
zara phillips has told of how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child mia .   the 33-year-old is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics .   the queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape .
davy condon was riding portrait king in the grand national earlier this month .   it was the second time within a year he suffered a similar injury .   condon was advised to retire after suffering a second spinal injury .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies .   einstein 's theory predicts the gravitational effects of the nearer galaxy will bend the light of the more distant one .   the alma telescope in chile was able to capture the effect in the highest resolution images ever taken by the observatory .
arabtrust and federation of dundee united supporters say they are ` shocked ' that 25 per cent of # 6.3 million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven paid in commission to unnamed parties .   supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club .   dundee united board have hit back at criticism from supporters .
carmen and mike gorgan are accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for # 6,500 and a car has told a french court that the child was ' a gift '   all face up to 10 years in prison and fines more than # 1million .   the four accused roma gang members were accused of ` complicity in human trafficking and being involved in several similar ` baby sales '   six others are facing related charges in prosecution documents as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births '
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills .   the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 .   rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .
lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking pain as she suffers from a painful condition callled hip displasia .   due to her disabilities , lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about .   the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves .
cheryl prudham , 33 , is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with husband robert , 30 , during ` no expense spared ' jaunt .   couple will stay at circus circus hotel and intend to renew vows at chapel .   prudhams claim # 39,192 in benefits a year on top of monthly salary of # 1,600 as a delivery driver .
a new study shows you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight .   obese people appear to be protected against dementia , with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those at high risk of dementia .   new study found underweight people are third .
jennifer aniston works out three times a week with her trainer .   sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga .   on other days she takes 3.6 kg weights with her .
boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters .   art , design and photography community boredpanda created the thread .   they upload cute images of their babies , including princess leia from star wars .
luis enrique is confident the brazil forward will return to top form .   the 23-year-old has not scored for the leaders in la liga since february 15 .   enrique says he is not concerned by neymar 's recent goal drought .
philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would rescue their season .   the reds go into their quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night .   coutinho are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the premier league .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia .   mr kallai believed his journey would be more if he used it to see more of his country .   mr kallai and a friend set off on the nine-day journey .
kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country .   from a homeless man who was convinced murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all .   aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ` g'day mate .
jack wilshere scored 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side .   he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby .   wilshere has been out of action since leaving manchester united .
prasanna ` nick ' arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves who had broken into his van in a cash and carry car park .   prasanna ran and jumped through an open side door of their van , but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away .   mr prasanna pushed mr prasanna to his death for 11 years .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee .   when she spat out she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .   elliot reportedly remained calm and posed for photos with her treasure .
juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the standings .   carlos tevez scored twice as juventus beat borussia dortmund in the champions league .   france 's paul pogba has been an integral winning run in serie a .
daniel sturridge was left out of the squad against newcastle on monday .   brendan rodgers missed monday 's 2-0 win over newcastle united with tightness in his hip .   the england striker failed to train again on thursday .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with schoolgirl at rydens school .   he kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car .   shorter offender , 71 , jailed in may last year after being convicted of indecent assaults between 1977 and 1984 .
ten-year-old martha was swept half a mile out to sea while playing on the shoreline .   she had been with her owner on the beach in merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current .   crew members lean over the lifeboat as they were unable to save their pet , new brighton 's rnli crew were called and managed to find martha who was cold and shivering .
aircraft taxied on runway at ben gurion airport in israel bound for luton .   one-year-old sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents ' lap .   mark aziz , who live in north london , struggled to keep their daughter still in the connector belt required for children under the age of two .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia , michigan .   sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two hundred-pound cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit .   the father-of-three was ` screaming and begging ' for help in his final minutes .
justin welby will say in easter sermon that 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were ` witnesses ' to their faith and suffered ` cruel deaths '   pope said in rome that too many were guilty of a ` complicit silence ' in the face of attacks .   three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in attack in kenya last week as ` martyrs ' , as church leaders use easter to condemn persecution of christians .   david cameron says it was ` truly shocking ' christians were still tortured or killed
kate - who was ordered to rehab by michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan .   kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking and claimed michael grabbed her by the throat .   she was charged for battery .
christien sechrist , a 20-year-old from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july .   after his critics ' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo , christien said he does n't regret his decision to get the controversial ink .   christien gave a shout out to the tattoo artist .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .   louis van gaal 's side skipped four points clear of manchester derby .   neville was impressed by his former club 's performance .
fighting between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday .   referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms .   fights broke out between fans on the running track after they threw chairs .
major-general personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been given the drug prior to a deployment in sierra leone .   mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in critics say is an escalating ` scandal '   maj-gen duncan was prescribed lariam by a post traumatic stress disorder episode four months ago .   his wife ellen said : ` if 1,000 troops have hit out '   the brand name for the drug mefloquine being banned by u.s. military .
becky handley , 20 , was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court .   he said her father raymond handley should be ` hanged ' for sexually assaulting a girl , eight .   miss handley now wants to change her name via deed poll .
us secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country .   it comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .   the united states has backed the saudi-led campaign .
dana vulin suffered third degree burns to her face and body on february 16 , 2012 .   she hurled a bottle of methylated spirits over her setting her into a ` human fireball '   lawyers for natalie dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe .   dimitrovska , who believed her former husband was involved with ms vulin , vowed to ruin her ` pretty little face '   ms vulin has more than 60 per cent of her body .
javier pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him .   pastore believes pastore is the best player in the world .   psg face barcelona in the champions league tie on tuesday .
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna , georgia .   a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot .   a manhunt has been launched to find three alleged accomplices who are said to have fled the scene in a red mini van .
david villa made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season .   the new york city fc striker has so far scored one goal for the club .   villa and manchester city are seventh in the mls table with five points .
the footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage .   placed across two women who are about to become human weights .   three men stand and assist the women before going back .
women of japan swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy .   prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne .   mahonia , also known as oregon mountain grape , is a berry native to the rocky mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food and ceremonial needs for years .
tottenham are considering sharing their new # 400m stadium with an nfl franchise .   the nfl is due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season .   tottenham 's new 65,000 capacity stadium could be ready in time for 2018-19 season .
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal .   everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month .   he has been forced to admit defeat with plan .
joanne whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton as her only preference .   her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place .   ms whitehouse 's granddaughter olivia will have to attend middleton parish c of e primary school with alice .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula .   63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius but a further 15 are still missing .   the ship was carrying 78 russian nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu .
the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests .   the show will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there .   the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers .
just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight have yet to go on public sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price .   floyd mayweather and his uncle roger on the pads in las vegas .   the impasse has left fans in the dark and the mgm grand locked in .
alastair cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the world cup campaign .   downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .   kevin pietersen has been linked to the ashes squad for england this summer .
the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage .   this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j and toro y moi among others at the do lab at coachella valley music and arts festival .   as in previous years .
cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants need to wait until at least june for an appearance .   uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks .   use pliers to use an glue gun to attach .
nicola sturgeon has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month .   52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband .   support for ukip in scotland is ` almost negligible ' , ms sturgeon said .
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over .   he tweeted : ` ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk ... i never thought any party would have courage to do this '   hotelier 's plan comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders ' economic record .   labour leader ed miliband said ` non dom ' rule is ` offshore tax haven '   tories say plan could cost 20 per cent of uk
an airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure on friday evening .   there were three diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend .   the #ba144 was carrying 92 passengers and crew .
thor dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery .   he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor 's errors .   junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in ` unorthodox and unacceptable '   doctors at lincoln county hospital covered up series of mistakes that led to the death of a twin baby boy , a coroner has ruled .
new documentary montage of heck claims to offer fans an even more taste of the singer 's life .   but one los angeles resident can offer fans sleep in his house .   kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the two bedroom apartment .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
huddersfield face castleford dragons with the best defensive record in the league .   paul anderson is keen on his side 's attack to climb up super league .   the giants have scored from third to ninth since three games .
retired news legend barbara walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view .   she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely 2016 presidential hopeful hillary clinton or president bill clinton would ever appear on the show again .   the multi-host show was created by walters in 1997 .
an app dubbed ` project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife ' with loved ones who have passed .   almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family .   the app 's developers have yet to reveal how the technology will work .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran robert clark at his home in burnt oak , north london .   he had already used # 50,000 of his life savings paying for his care .   donations page set up by forces charity help for heroes has already raised # 10,000 to help mr clark remain in his own home .
jemma gawned appeared on the first australian series of big brother in 2001 .   she now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties .   jemma gawned was one of the housemates on first australian big brother .
bayern munich beat porto to reach the champions league semi-finals .   pep guardiola 's side still have five bundesliga matches to play .   the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund on april 28 .
david rush , 33 , felt that he ` should n't go out ' because of his size .   weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet .   mr rush now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs - down from 34st at his heaviest .
paulo dybala is wanted by manchester united , chelsea , arsenal , inter milan , juventus and paris saint-germain .   roberto mancini was spotted in the serie a match between parma and palermo on sunday .   former manchester city manager roberto mancini wanted to watch dybala .
new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in syria may be linked to islamic state .   radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and practising how to march as a unit .   one of the women is filmed at the st simeon 's church .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel .   it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .   all of the farms include the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .
derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two .   tom ince and darren ince scored 2-2 on friday .   cyrus christie lost the ball out but a mistake by ben watson .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in october last year .   us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the ` flash crash ' of wall street on may 6 , 2010 .   sarao appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday and was bailed with a surety # 5 million .
president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions .   the agreement between iran and the west aims to prevent tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief .   iran 's president also said on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease .   the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her .   symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations and paralysis of the face .
people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a deceased man 's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved .   the persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the book where the paper came from .   a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body .
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national won last year by pineau de re , centre .   70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck .   the world 's greatest steeplechase takes place will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated # 500 million being staked globally by punters .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city on sunday at the etihad .   sam allardyce 's furious rant at fourth official robert madley .   referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play .
versace designer donatella versace , 59 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand .   but for rival design house givenchy .   givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 .
packages containing heroin and cannabis cleared from roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool .   hydraulic crane recovered so-called ` legal highs ' as well as 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof .   officers at the jail has been criticised for drug-related violence .
joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex .   he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , was having an alleged affair and hired a private investigator to follow her .   brighton magistrates ' court heard they agreed to stay together .
manchester united lost their next game in the fa cup at deepdale .   wayne rooney has been returned to his midfield this season .   louis van gaal 's side face manchester city at old trafford on sunday .
paula radcliffe has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital .   the mother-of-two has won the london marathon three times but this weekend paula radcliffe says she will be happy to finish at her position .   she 's won three times in 2003 when she set record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds .
the seven cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were discovered in a car park in pennsylvania .   three of the rescued red foxes rest with a cuddly toy .   the cubs were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation .
dick advocaat scored his hat-trick for crystal palace in the 4-1 win .   connor wickham and adam johnson scored his third goal against sunderland .   yannick bolasie was goal side of bolasie when james mcarthur equalised .
the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland .   it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon .   met office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital .
charlotte blakeway , 17 , was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire .   the 17-year-old has shocked family , friends and teachers at shrewsbury sixth form college .   she was studying film , performance , english and sociology .
witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' under the lorry following the accident .   today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries .   cycle campaigners organise a ` vigil and die-in ' at the junction between millbank and horseferry road .
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , beating the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003 .   another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb- .   vacuum tube designs could allow them to travel over seven times faster in the future .
manchester city beat leicester 3-0 at the king power stadium on wednesday .   isaac buckley and brandon barker set up their first leg lead .   city will face chelsea at a venue in the first leg on april 20 .
arsenal winger alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill joined exeter chiefs and george ford at england rugby 's training centre in st george 's day challenge .   cahill used to play scrum-half himself , impressed the stars at kicking a conversion .   bath rugby 's ford practice the oval balls .
st george 's flag as part of the ` road to canada ' campaign .   toni duggan says england will fear at this summer 's world cup finals .   england striker has 11 goals in 16 games for her country .
scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh .   today 's match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the condition .   mr aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago and has raised over # 250,000 for research into a cure .
david cameron called on people to ` feel proud to say this is a christian country '   mr cameron was taken t visit the lambs with farmer julian tustian at dean lane farm outside the village of chadlington .   mr cameron 's praise for the church comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ` fresh moral vision of country we want to be '   the archbishop of canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders .
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life '   she wants girls to be able to express their freak flags fly .   tanya taylor is also a trailblazer designer .   ' i was a bona fide ' in high school .
the episode of an hour with ruta has accused norway of stealing their children to tackle ` the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '   argued that norway 's child protection service argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a ` sought-after commodity '   ` the birth rate is the lowest in norway , ' said an ` expert ' on the chat show host rūta mikelkevičiūte that had led to high rates of babies being born with birth defects .   lithuania 's son gabrieliaus was taken
glenn roeder is part of a new management team at sheffield wednesday .   roeder are joining head coach stuart gray in a task force .   thai tycoon dejphon chansiri bought the club from milan mandaric .
mole urban project aims to reduce level of road freight within urban areas .   firm is looking to see if concept could be rolled out in other towns .   development project is set to last nine months .
photographer marc latremouille stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario , canada , before launching its attack .   the great grey owl swooped on a tiny field mouse with its claws .   the bird has an impressive landing in the snow from its prey .
amy johnson , from sydney , said outside court on thursday : ` we checked our food and all the chips were not in the cups '   she said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the mcdonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .   when she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch , the woman allegedly threw it back into the window .   ms johnson was a passenger in a bmw when she went through
andre ward ranked by arthur abraham during title fight in berlin in february .   the wba have ordered their two world super-middleweight champion ward ` regular ' to meet in a unification fight .   kell brook 's family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title .
expert scyther chris riley , 56 , says turner 's ` excessive sweating and grunting ' should never be done shirtless .   they say turner would have run out of breath long .   turner 's macho grunts and technique as he hacked .
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness .   the 101-year-old widow now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at southern cross care .   nearly 1000 older residents have taken part in nsw health 's program .
ashley young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by manchester city .   united have lost the last four derbies to city for the first time this season .   united go into the match as favourites after five straight league wins .
angel di maria , pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo joined forces on sunday night .   the united players had just returned from a 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea on saturday .   victor valdes was ruled out of united 's weekend clash against chelsea with a stomach injury .
andy carroll is currently in dubai with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow .   the west ham striker will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club 's chadwell heath training ground .   west ham forward had to have surgery after knee ligament ligament against southampton in february .
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab .   it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water .   the video is based on an actual event when , on january 15 , 2009 , u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced to land in the hudson river .
a new campaign from rape crisis london has captured hundreds of women across london .   the campaign has produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in london as part of the campaign .   it aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing .
great british bake off presenter sue perkins told twitter followers she 's burn to death .   last week , bets placed on perkins , 45 , to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .   clarkson 's future at bbc is uncertain but he will be back on channel later this month to host satirical quiz show .
laser expert patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm .   his laser gloves and laser gauntlet/arm are available to order online .   the gadget was created by wuppertal-based mr priebe .
james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport .   but security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines .   also performed a patting patting down and inspection of the primary school child .
for the first time since november midfield quartet isco , toni kroos , luka modric and james rodriguez are all fit and available .   real madrid boss carlo ancelotti now has at the club with one set to be left out of his 4-3-3 formation .   spanish paper as reports seven players into six spots do n't go .
manuel pellegrini says manchester city must sign a ` crack ' player striker sergio aguero .   manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league .   manuel pellegrini insists his side must splash the cash in the summer .
canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ` announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne .   message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre 's supervisors told workers that it was an april fools ' day prank .   dfat is planning to cut 500 jobs by june this year .
golden state warriors ' steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice .   warriors ' no 30 made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the golden state session .   mvp candidate is one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history .
two suspected australian terrorists in turkey were caught trying to join the islamic state .   it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia .   the new agreement was also initiated to close the turkish border to radicalised australians and have them sent back to australia to face possible jail terms under new foreign fighter legislation .
michael churton from new york was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow .   the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with .   at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died .
jake boys , 19 , booked flights to the republic of ireland for the millennium stadium gig .   the 19-year-old bought plane tickets to see the band instead of wales .   arsenal supporter mr boys is now planning to buy a new train tickets .
cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .   the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .   on kickstarter they are seeking # 10,000 -lrb- $ 15,000 -rrb- for the insect-powered protein bar .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been spotted out on shopping trips this week .   both william and kate are due to be spotted in her local store in kensington high street .   the mother 's new little prince or princess have been tomorrow tomorrow .
harry kane has 29 club goals under pochettino this season .   the 21-year-old is the youngest premier league captain this season .   spurs are seven points behind manchester city and play crystal palace .
a beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for # 3million .   the property has stunning views of smugglers cove , and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift .   since the series estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim , near bonn .   owners helga and eberhard henkel lost their pet in early march .   it is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as the bathroom was being renovated .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide .   the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady , new york .   cap has put about $ 1 million toward research in other states to increase the supply of water in the colorado river system .
an injured and diseased husky has been picked up by rspca inspectors in adelaide .   the rspca says the husky has an injury to his right rear leg .   he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange .
roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan .   sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it .   alpha kangaroo roger received the bunny from a fan .
watford top of the championship with a 1-0 win over birmingham .   chris maguire 's penalty at the goldsands stadium gave the cherries back into the automatic promotion .   matt ritchie opened the scoring for watford on friday .
obbi oulare scored as club brugge scored against anderlecht in front of europe 's top clubs .   scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium .   oulare is the son of former guinea international souleymane oulare .
michelle newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son james ' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas .   the child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze and died from his injuries .   james was 22 months and tumbled from the window because a screen was not strong enough to hold him .
dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging .   dr fredric brandt was remembered by morning show host kelly ripa .   comedian and former the view star , joy behar tweeted on monday .
pictures show soldiers of french second foreign parachute regiment .   taken during an airborne operation at the ` salvador pass ' at the end of last year .   roughly 300 fighters linked to al qaeda 's north african arm aqim .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon .   but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 100m to go .   pepiot pepiot beat him by a tenth of a second .
each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals .   inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats and work of italian design iacobucci .   clip shows off all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats .
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am , california .   he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , spokeswoman .   jones , who owns a pecan business in chihuahua , mexico , has not been heard from since .
donald graham , 62 , from northumberland , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home .   graham , who dubbed himself teflon don , was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown for her money nine years after her death .   ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .
just minutes after 8pm uk time -lrb- 12 noon in las vegas , a ticket priced at $ 128,705 -lrb- # 85,508 -rrb- appeared on the secondary market with one ticket for the richest bout in history .   mayweather and pacquiao 's promoter bob arum , a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight .   tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao snapped up on thursday evening .
two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in los angeles .   the burglars get into the house through the living room of the empty home .   one suspect returns .   he and two pals were 17 to 20 years old .
fbi have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $ 5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month .   the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county .   police have said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by three armed men driving a white van who ordered them to lay on the ground .
colin gilpatric sent letter to george lucas asking whether he would allow jedi knights to marry in the future .   colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge : star wars director and writer mr lucas .   colin 's mother : ` with colin '   colin is said by the rules that bans the knights from marrying .
the blob in the ocean was discovered last year , with temperatures one to four degrees celsius -lrb- two to seven degrees fahrenheit -rrb- above surrounding ` normal ' water .   since last june it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .   a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob by trapping heat in the water .
brigham and women 's hospital announced monday that mikaela jane davidson was born april 4 , less than three months after her father , boston heart surgeon dr michael davidson , was shot dead by a deceased patient 's son .   the widow of a cardiac surgeon shot dead at a boston hospital on tuesday was expecting his fourth child , a father of four , took his own life after the shooting .   pasceri 's relatives said he was angry over the death of his mother .
three is the only operator to offer this arrangement .   three 's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , asia and the middle east .   customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts for running a pair of websites as a forum for public shaming .   more than 10,000 images , mainly of women , posted between december 2012 and september 2013 .   bollaert earned about $ 900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $ 30,000 from victims .
david letterman 's late show audience into silence with a joke branded ` disrespectful to women ' david letterman .   letterman had just opened up questions to the floor .   they asked what advice would give to this year 's graduates .   retired jerry stockton said it had been an ` odd choice ' for the first joke .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion during the royals ' fa cup quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month .   reading fan charlie sumner faces a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .   sumner said he had no regrets about the incident .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry .   police say mr malik told his family he wanted to ` go and live in a muslim country '   family of mr malik 's family said they had been left ` completely devastated ' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home .   they are believed to have boarded dover to calais ferry
barack obama and hillary clinton will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize '   national rifle association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the nra convention saturday april 11 in nashville , tennessee .   lapierre declared that nobody ` should be forced to face evil with bare hands ' as he called congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state .   clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the democratic nomination for
izzy brown scored two goals as chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 .   chelsea youngster ola aina joins fans for a selfie after the final whistle in switzerland .   chelsea 's under 19 squad win the uefa youth team league .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes on tuesday .   ramsey 's qpr go to the home of sherwood 's villa for a match .   sherwood came close to the qpr job after harry redknapp resigned .
uber driver emerson decarvalho was charged with assault after ramming into a cyclist who was shouting at him , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror .   ` the cyclist sustained a punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle , ' he said .   the driver , emerson decarvalho , 38 , stayed at the scene of the crash .
gerard pique is set to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain .   the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo .   pique is poised to star for barcelona in their champions league quarter-final match with psg .
michael slager received a visit at charleston county jail on friday from his mother and pregnant wife in prison for the first time since he was charged with fatally shooting walter scott .   slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county without the entire cell block being cleared first .   on friday , his wife jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were to speak to him .
fraser ross accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store .   kitson has been caught up in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company to end their business relationship .   now hudson has filed a $ 1million lawsuit to end the business relationship .
leicester 6-0 up after 37 minutes , youngs was sin-binned for a barge .   saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was youngs .   tigers director of rugby richard cockerill no 8 billy vunipola .
struggling latics moved on to their third manager of the season on tuesday .   wigan chairman david sharpe is the decision to axe mackay in favour of gary caldwell less than 24 hours later .   caldwell has been at the club for five years .
peter mutty was caught with two cartons of beer , red wine and one box of white wine in his car on august 31 last year while driving home in riyadh .   sydney grandfather peter mutty has had a travel ban placed on him after he served time for alcohol possession and received 28 of the 75 lashes he was sentenced to have .   mutty was jailed for six months and 75 lashes , but only received 28 .
stoke city have opened talks over a summer deal for daniel wass .   the 25-year-old has been watched by liverpool and inter milan .   stoke have also been monitoring sporting lisbon pair islam slimani .
the daily mirror published sensational pictures of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves .   the tabloid claims it handed the images to police , who were ` delighted '   but detectives said they already had the cctv footage recovered ` at the earliest opportunity '   the mirror claims they are the key to ` cracking the case wide open '   the met has released images of three of the gang which broke into hatton
jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of arsenal at the weekend .   chelsea have won their last eight in the capital one cup this season .   oscar hopes that winning the premier league can be in england .
manchester united beat manchester city at old trafford on sunday .   louis van gaal 's side sit four points ahead of the champions league .   sportsmail rated each player , manchester united and david de gea .
delrea good of portage , indiana says she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff 's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle .   good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job .   marshall claims that good was ` highly agitated and uncooperative ' and said she did n't think it was a safe place to stop .
filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket .   with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its side .   hazel the bulldog puppy named hazel is featured in a videos .
duke and duchess of cambridge are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover .   their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry .   sketches set to feature in the opening show include david cameron slug it out with nick clegg on a puppet version of the jeremy kyle show .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a sign on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating .   the father-of-three decided to put the sign on the side of his pickup truck after failing to find love online several times .   thomas has three kids , aged six to 11 .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975 .   jackson , 58 , was awarded more than $ 1.6 million in compensation from the state of ohio for decades of wrongful imprisonment .   the brothers ' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded .
an eight-year-old boy from layton , utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor .   the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy .   lota made the decision to attempt the 10th annual antelope buffalo run just outside salt lake city .
the russian space agency is trying to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit .   it was due to dock with the iss six hours after take off , but that plan has now been ` indefinitely abandoned '   orbital parameters were due to be sent from a russian ground site for a eight ` rendevous burns ' to be performed over the next five hours of flight .   progress had arrived on orbit .
charlie hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since john hampshire for tasmania in 1978 .   it has been a second xi debut for kent at 15 .   kent , derbyshire and essex all out of the county championship season .
volcano calbuco , in the country 's south , is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , but was not under any special observation before it sprung into life at around 6pm local time .   an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption .   the volcano is located near the tourist town of puerto varas and the city of puerto montt .
family of margaret hesketh claim there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours .   she was put on a discredited liverpool care pathway-style treatment for the dying .   but they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six , and she died of pneumonia while malnourished .
ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round at augusta .   the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m .   jordan spieth collected # 1.23 million for winning the masters .
paul monk , 54 , from essex , was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan .   he was arrested by heavily armed police in his alicante villa .   paul monk was on the uk 's most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger .   the bullet struck the baby boy in the face .   it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy .
rory mcilroy threw his club into the lake at the wgc-cadillac championship in march .   mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens .   the video features an interview with his sponsor bose .
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook .   career criminal claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his profile .   he was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries .
the ship had been set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night .   lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle .   they were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt .
the protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday .   the photo has been organised by chelsea supporters trust and playfair qatar .   there have been more than 1,400 deaths of construction workers in qatar .
michelle carter , 18 , appeared in court in new bedford on thursday accused of encouraging the death of conrad roy iii , who gassed himself in his truck in fairhaven last july .   her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , claiming it 's ` impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area .   carter was charged with involuntary manslaughter over the involuntary manslaughter charges against her following the suicide of her friend .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam when the animal burst through a hedge with two cubs .   mr cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there .   the national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on their property .
the bridesmaids star and daughter of barry otto have launched their very own production company called the doll house collective .   byrne believes sheryl sandberg is a pioneer for women and said she gave in a ted talk about benefits of women in companies .   byrne believes it is not ` sex .
graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce .   the hull city manager could not believe the striker is on the field .   pelle scored his first premier league goal since december .
some 70 per cent of seats in the east of england are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in scotland .   electoral reform society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now based on current polls and how ` safe ' they were in 2010 .   there are 650 seats up for grabs on may 7 , because one party is so far ahead .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his son riley 's name into his arm - but accidentally spelled it incorrectly .   the nhs worker also attempted to mark himself with riley 's nickname ` sonny boy '   also has a wonky cross on his forearm .   riley 's birth in 2012 was riley 's left arm .
royal marine bobby burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men .   he forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them .   burnett , 30 , admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord served after 9/11 and found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates .   service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide .   in 2012 , pentagon reported 320 suicides by active-duty service members .
everton forward kevin mirallas opens the scoring on his return to the first team at goodison park .   ashley barnes was sent off for retaliation for a ` criminal challenge ' on nemanja matic at stamford bridge in february .   referee mike jones told kevin mirallas to stay on the pitch .
recorder philip cattan , 65 , from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last summer .   a retrial had to be ordered and with the child to give evidence for a second time .   the lord chancellor and lord chief justice found evidence of serious misconduct .
steve cotteril has taken bristol city to a championship return after two seasons in league one .   city have already won the premier league this season .   dean windass 's winner for hull city in the 2008 play-off final .
240 machines are still not upgraded , motorists without old-style coins must use # 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical # 1.25 hour 's parking .   council also charges # 1.85 for an hour and # 3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes .   experts fear problem could become even worse when new coin is released in 2017 .
researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it did n't matter what food was eaten .   performance remained the same after resting for several hours while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ` fuel ' were higher after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements .   just eight minutes of high-intensity cycling was found to be more beneficial than going at a moderate pace for 25 minutes .
the far-right afrikaner resistance movement is training thousands of youths in rural south africa to fight for a separate white state .   by day , they are told of the danger from ` the millions of blacks trying to kill you '   ' i do n't have black friends ' , dion bernard .   he is one more than 2,000 teenagers who have attend kommando core .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager 's in the world .   scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp could end up in the premier league .   scholes believes pep guardiola will head to etihad expires at the end of next season .
phil jones hopes manchester united ` turn up and play their football ' vs manchester city on sunday .   louis van gaal 's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins .   jones is hoping united can stretch their current league form to six wins in a row come sunday .
the school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday .   stephanie 's life has been taken away when ms scott 's remains were found by the family of her accused killer .   guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding .
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester wearing five war medals after struggling to adapt to civilian life .   the father-of-three had served in the first gulf war , angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000 .   he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and fibromyalgia , a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain .
scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space .   cassini was around 38,500 miles -lrb- 62,000 km -rrb- from hyperion when the image was taken .   hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system .
a car crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west .   police believe all children are under the age of six .   another child , who died en route to the royal children 's hospital , was aged one and a half .
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   the thunder had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa .
harry kane was the youngest captain in the premier league this season .   spurs boss mauricio pochettino is seven points off manchester city and finish fourth .   tottenham face tottenham in the goalless draw at burnley on monday .
hobbs , seraphine and asos have all been worn repeatedly during the pregancy .   from a # 35 alexander mcqueen gowns , the duchess is hobbs , a mid-range label .   duchess of cambridge 's brand is kate of the brand , even zara .
gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings .   a bag they were carrying $ 130,000 and # 20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery .   london 's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for gangs of pickpockets from around the world .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin , feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds .   dust mites live for three to four months and live off human and animal skin .   an average bed can have 12,000 litres of air into their lungs each day .
kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` facebook thugging '   she then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site .   she is now facing class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine .   she has since been charged with harassment by computer .
ian gibson , 55 , was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe 's zambezi valley when the animal charged .   he was described by fans as ` fit and strong '   his american client has not been identified .   gibson is paying for gibson 's funeral .
around 1.3 billion chinese people marked the qingming festival , a three-day holiday in china .   the chinese mark the start of spring with outdoor celebrations .   huangdi is considered the ancestor of the ` yellow emperor ' festival .
ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer .   mr czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for mr bush , the former florida governor and 2016 presidential candidate .   users can search for keywords such as ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them .
engineers developed the human powered vehicle -lrb- hpv -rrb- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in nevada in september .   it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour .   the current benchmark is held by tracy miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called chairiot .
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the lead at the shenzhen international in china on saturday .   the 25-year-old has one european tour win to finish two over par .   double masters champion bubba watson won his second consecutive round of 74 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
clint hill scored his first premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw against aston villa at aston villa on tuesday .   qpr are two points adrift of safety in the premier league after christian benteke 's hat-trick .   the defender believes rangers can survive if they keep their cool .
geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home .   guests were forced to listen to the song ` wonderful life ' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on the first two .   mr haigh died weeks after the ceremony in november last year .
more than 231 million immigrants live around the world .   great britain and northern ireland among nations have high number of immigrants .   u.s. has more than 45 million immigrants - the most of all nations .
a 77-year-old woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car .   her hairdresser noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye .   days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist gupta .
aden gould , 21 , told to pay # 150 ` security fee ' after testing speakers on sale .   giant firm sent him aggressive letter warning staff would call police if they catch him trying to enter sainsbury 's .   mr gould went into sainsbury 's branch in stoke-on-trent and tested gadgets to see if they worked with mobile phone .
simon mitchell , 44 , stole from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire .   mitchell had been given laptop and phone to use by dream house when he volunteered for them but did not return them .   he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at preston crown court after arson attack in 2011 .
endometriosis is a condition where bits of uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as bladder or intestines .   90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time .   dr lara briden says it 's when pain is abnormal .
tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college reportedly top $ 30,000 .   eight scot 's students gained ` direct entry ' to the university to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university .   ` access to university should be fair and equitable , ' he said .
video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive , thought to be in the south and west of the country .   at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded .   video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya has been released .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby .   in scenes that the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala .   the railway line was axed during beeching 's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived .
dramatic event could explain why our planet has a hot core that gives it its magnetic field .   the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core .   scientists believe the moon formed after earth was hit by a planet the size of mars billions of years ago .
burger king will be paying for the wedding of joel burger and ashley king .   the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together , in new berlin , illinois .   burger and king have known each other since kindergarten .
planes coming from south-east asian countries are being fumigated before luggage .   the mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue , chikunguya and yellow fever .   the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17 .
tom hanks ' wife rita wilson took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark '   she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy .   tv presenter katie couric is a spokeswoman for colon cancer awareness .   she was one of the first stars on social media .
the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center .   glaciers in the amundsen sea of west antarctica are losing ice faster than sea levels .   b-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ` b ' to late-february 2015 .
adventure has been re-created in a new film showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets .   released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8 , 1945 , will be a woman .   ` it was a cinderella moment in reverse , ' says hon margaret rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the queen and her best friend .
john doyle , 79 , was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib .   businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing .   mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw .   he then punched mr doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards .
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire .   but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature .   two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall visited a new distillery .
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was ' a fun thing '   hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the 2015 bahrain formula one grand prix .   hamilton says the brit driver 's behaviour as ` selfish and inconsiderate '   a campaign group against sexism calls on him to apologise .   the incident took place in bahrain .
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv .   the footage shows the dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage .   it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist , and judged it to be a minor injury .
bristol rovers fell out of the football league for the first time since 1920 .   rovers had spent less than an hour in the league two relegation zone .   darrell clarke was at the end of last season .
the cafe based in moscow invites cat lovers to bring pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea .   all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped .   alternatively , those who do not have a cat , can rent one for the visit and play with them in a separate room .
wayne rooney and van gaal took consolation in defeat after manchester united 's performance against chelsea .   louis van gaal 's side are 11 points clear of third-placed red devils .   van gaal was forced into midfield for michael carrick and daley blind .
paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos .   he claims that the aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years '   the former canadian defence minister accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens .   hellyer is the first high ranking politician to do so .
kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles .   later suffered a reaction to the spider 's venom .   the tarantula 's fangs from her skin .
plans for a ` rainbow ' zebra crossing to support gay rights in totnes could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers .   the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community .   experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's .
clare balding has married her partner of 14 years .   she and alice arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 .   miss balding has written in support of the legalisation of gay marriage .
john travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive .   travolta has spent as a scientologist addressed head-on in the film , which claims church elders have blackmailed .   of their experiences ' with scientology .   scientology , hollywood & the prison of belief , says he never intends to watch the documentary .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives .   santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott , 50 , in north charleston on saturday .   mr scott 's father , walter scott , said he wanted the family to know how their son had died .
just one extra meal out a week raising the odds of having high blood pressure by six per cent .   researchers in singapore found those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension .   38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week .
gary deegan caught dens defender high on his right shin in a challenge .   the official had his view obstructed by bodies and could take no action .   rules over use of video evidence to review incidents the referee had missed .
the comments from sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet ` inappropriate ' comments on the day of the centenary services .   ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation , ' mcintyre tweeted on saturday .   the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users .
police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer after dashcam footage emerged of him mounting a sidewalk in his police car .   local police chief has voiced his support for his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary .   rozema was asked if officer michael rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect mario valencia , 36 .
bruce jenner and linda thompson fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon .   his second wife met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife .   bruce jenner wanted to flee to europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to america as his children 's aunt heather .
sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat .   flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .   the water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin c and magnesium .
mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement after former sansbury 's business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques .   a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime .   sainsbury 's opened its first store in egypt in cario in 1999 .
proposed clothing line epidemia will take images from biology and print them on eye-catching active apparel .   lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs .   patterns will also be available for printing on iphone cases after the company has raised $ 13,798 .
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday .   samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing .   scientists are known to eat the deep sea fish in new zealand .
the 28 minute movie in which a woman dressed as a school girl , has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the epping ongar .   locals in the area were shocked to learn the location , a favourite with families and children , had been rented out by its bosses to american adult film company brazzers .   the storyline has been viewed more than 235,000 times .
the best time to take cuttings is between september and february .   select healthy young shoots for leaf bud cuttings .   250 wild species and hundreds more garden varieties .
caron wyn jones underwent hip operation at private clinic in bridgend .   he paid because nhs could not perform operation soon enough .   father of welsh first minister carwn jones said he paid for treatment .
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside kfc .   police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , yesterday after reports of a stabbing .   an 18-year-old man from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody .
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa on tuesday night .   twice the winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but villa lost both times , to manchester united in the league cup final and chelsea in the fa cup final at wembley .   wayne rooney scored for united as villa were beaten 2-1 .
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from cardiff on september 28 , 1939 .   her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer .   terry phillips , 71 , has accused police of a ` cover-up ' after the force said information could not be released about her murder .
a brazilian website has published three chelsea kits with the incoming ` yokohama ' sponsor across the front .   it can be purchased with gareth bale 's name on the back .   drogba 's chelsea deal expires at the end of the season .
nasa 's landsat 7 satellite shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes known as long as 99 miles -lrb- 160km -rrb- .   nasa has captured how this show is straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long .   ridges of dunes are wide .
mike brown is knocked out in a collision with andrea masi in the six nations last month .   brown will have played just six of his club 's last 19 games .   brown has not played since the italy game on march 21st .
uefa have charged pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer 's world cup .   argentine jorge lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in sao paulo in july .   guardiola was sporting the top during his press conference before bayern munich dumped porto out of the champions league .
mack , 23 , claims koppenhaver became abusive four months into their one-year relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine .   now , nine months later she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder .   claims koppenhaver had also cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend in place of their father who passed away .   mr fraser sang a musical toast at his sister 's wedding at the end of the performance .   mr fraser 's song which poked fun at the wedding was received .
boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy burst into shildon post office and stores , county durham , at 8pm on march 15 .   masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty , but did not see owner sab dhillon 's rugby tackle .   mr dhillon 's wife sam helped to make him drop the weapon .
human embryos have been genetically modified so that any changes made will be carried on into future generations for the first time .   the scientific paper is yet to be published by scientists in china that has introduced dna changes to reproductive cells .   even embryos created in this way for research purposes only could have serious ethical and safety implications .
louise shepherd , 31 , was hiking through a national park in bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   ms shepherd , from surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .   ms shepherd had a burial plot for her birthday .
daisy lowe , 26 , was chosen by the brand last year .   daisy says she 's a fail safe range .   daisy says it is a chip off her new beauty shoot for rodial .
swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making pork and beef variety .   veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , corn and kale .   ikea claims it will ` save the planet ' with its new vegetarian meatballs .
paige vanzant and felice herrig will face each other in the octagon on saturday night .   herrig was one of a few to sign an individual contract with reebok .   herrig , at only 21 and with just five fights , was signed by the ufc .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an oxford university side at the parks .   kevin pietersen is named in the squad as surrey head to the parks for their final pre-season game against glamorgan next week .   the 34-year-old has not played a first-class match since january 2014 .
tony orrell , 56 , vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife debbie , also 56 , after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone .   at size xxxxxxxxl , tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs .   pair have now shed a combined weight of 29 stone after tony lost an amazing 21 stone and debbie dropped 8 stone .
catalina viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms .   has worked her magic on stars including miley cyrus , rihanna and beyoncé .   has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp .
rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding ineligible player before the weekend .   the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week .   rotherham manager steve evans beleives a decision is imminent on a possible points deduction for his side .
ian bell signed his first contract with warwickshire in 1999 .   the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england .   bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop .   she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good . jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years .
climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday .   powerful winds on monday night and tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in edgecliff , in sydney 's eastern suburbs .   the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle .
kingsley burrell , 29 , was taken into custody on march 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in birmingham city centre .   he was arrested in the haymer corner shop in winson green while he was going swimming with his son , four , and niece .   an inquest into his death at birmingham coroner 's court heard he was sectioned under the mental health act and died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital .
best western salutation hotel offers swimmers a tour of the best swimming spots around lake windermere .   lake windermere , cumbria , is one of europe 's top 10 pools in europe .   lidos lido , tinside , is home to the top 10 .
clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio .   taylor claimed to have been left tied to the tree after stealing $ 2,500 from him .   his friend did not cut him down .
homaro cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside of crooked fork brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago .   an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide .   friends say cantu had been strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in moto and ing .
gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh .   the cherry and whites will compete for their first european title since 2006 .   victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season 's champions cup .
england are in the last 16 of the champions league in the europa league .   germany will go into next season on 0.1 points of england .   england could face three champions league spot next season .
francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud after thierry henry 's claim that arsenal need a ` top quality striker ' to win the premier league next season .   henry believes he must sign a new striker as well as three players if they are to compete for the title .   sky sports pundit henry believes arsene wenger 's side can win titles .
jane bacon , 51 , from east grinstead , west sussex , booked the ` final trip ' to sharm el sheikh with husband peter , 52 , after being told she could die within months from breast cancer .   she bought the # 1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and contacted the budget airline to delay her ` final holiday '   mrs bacon was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2012 , said she has now hit out at easyjet after she received an email asking her to pay
kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the barcelona open on tuesday .   the top seed will be seventh seed tommy robredo with a 6-3 6-4 win .   rafael nadal 's first match of the tournament will be with nicolas almagro .
reanne evans lost narrowly to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying .   the 29-year-old lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to hong kong 's ng on yee .   hong kong champion only dropped four frames in four maths .
jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in premier league history .   the chelsea boss is the best premier league matches at the end of the season .   benitez has 13 more goals a game from chelsea and chelsea .
` way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge .   the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome 's main prison in a pre-easter ritual .   pope used the service to stress the persecution of christians .
sunderland and newcastle united have a not-so-mighty six points .   the pair have scored four times between 18 hours of football .   john carver and sunderland are both sets of supporters at st james ' park .
lewis hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .   he will start ahead of nico rosberg and sebastian vettel .   vettel won last time out in malaysia .
known as lung wong , the dragon king , the fossilised item is said to be the world 's largest intact dinosaur skull .   the skull belonged to a male triceratops that lived 66 million years ago .   the rare lung wong fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher ray novakovich in glendive found the tip of one of the dinosaur 's horns .   the skull is expected to fetch $ 1.8 million -lrb- # 1.2 million -rrb- at auction .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play-off hole at hilton head .   the former us open champion carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 .   six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt .
pep guardiola says his side can now be ` perfect ' in the second leg .   porto manager julen lopetegui said the champions league will be perfect .   the bayern munich boss said he was out of injury with hamstring injury .
gloucestershire police called to the incident on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire by the driver .   driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree .   police tweeted a picture of the mishap to warn other drivers to take care on country roads .
juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea midfielder oscar .   the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks .   chelsea want to strengthen in the summer .
sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally .   yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .   pair met when they were 18 and went straight to princess of wales hospital in bridgend when they returned home .
bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his girlfriend to become his mistress .   madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud .   new book about financier claims he put pressure on ` leah ' to sleep with him .
medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital last friday .   it came as west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment .   worcestershire acute hospitals nhs trust admitted circumstances were ` less than ideal '   nhs england said 92.5 per cent of patients spent four hours or less .
ella dawson was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she 's been dropping the ` herpes bomb ' about six months after she had her first outbreak .   in her essay for women 's health mag , dawson recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer .   dawson says that people who have herpes should not feel ` dirty or wrong ' and should be aware of the virus .
dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut as a co-host on monday morning .   the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series .   mike and lucia bought the dartford property at auction for # 215,000 .
west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again .   james tomkins has had a knee problem but has been training .   marc wilson complained of a problem after last week 's clash against chelsea .
the randolph , in oxford city centre , went up in flames this afternoon .   smoke billowing from the roof as dozens were evacuated .   the fire is not believed to be suspicious .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire has had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage following a breast augmentation operation six years ago .   the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts .   alison was left with a breast that resembled a croissant .
intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel , essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wrecking spree .   they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage .   they broke into home in essex .
a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning .   the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper , earl simmons , while at an exxon station .   ` during the conversation a male in dmx 's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded money . the victim told police that he pulled $ 3,200 cash from his pocket and dmx grabbed it out of his hand
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder .   he is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers .   yandamuri was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old saanvi venna , 61 , and the suffocation death of her grandchild saanvi .
garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday .   monk 's men have been in the top 10 all season .   swansea have eight more games to collect the five points .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team to develop how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for .   the reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal .   google has been working on similar projects since 2012 .
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport .   hillary clinton had a three-day presidential campaign swing in iowa .   she 's flying coach and her own luggage .
david cameron said he will amend working times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor .   but business leaders criticised the move as heavy-handed government intervention .   policy will apply to workers at least 250 staff - an estimated 10 million in the public sector .
barclays chairman sir david walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses .   last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion after it was hit by financial crisis in london .   sir david defended bank 's pay package more than triple to # 5.5 million .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot .   he was on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger .   he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following a hearing by a national council of teaching and leadership .
belle gibson admitted that her terminal cancer was a lie in an interview with the australian women 's weekly , ` none of it 's true '   in the interview , gibson asked her former fans who purchased her app and books to see her as only ` human '   lamble has not treated gibson personally but said she believes gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder .   lack of remorse is a common trait from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders
farm worker caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .   member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .
the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than 0.4 per cent .   the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west .   output in france is forecast to expand by 1.2 per cent this year and 1.5 per cent next year .
the six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on cctv working throughout thursday night .   the footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping .   they used wheelie bins to remove pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
john allan claimed david cameron 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before the horse ' tesco could quit london .   tory election manifesto includes promise of in-out referendum by 2017 .   but only after reform of britain 's membership .
singer bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told an audience that ` bobbi is awake . she 's watching me '   the singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit .   after the 46-year-old 's comment , his sister tina posted on facebook .
wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november .   but the england midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness .   jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list this summer .
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa .   he called on uk to take ` fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war .   around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .
the woman 's lawyer says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message .   it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ` acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo 's husband .   the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony .
former prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane 's east of more than 20 years .   they snagged the norman crescent property for $ 384,000 in december 1994 .   the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica .
christopher furniss-roe from pontypool , south wales , was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the ` childish ' argument with his younger sister .   his father jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died the next day in hospital .   mr furniss-roe cut his son down and performed first aid .
the baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year .   nadia is also used by another company in thailand in weddings .   ms singleton has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago .
patrick fredricksen , 30 , has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter .   he had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl .   he is also expected to face a charge of damaging a prison after breaking a sprinkler pipe inside his cell .
huddersfield beat blackburn rovers 1-0 at st andrew 's on tuesday night .   brighton 's beram gray was on target for the second successive game .   adam le fondre scored charlton 's first goal of the season .
photographer terry richardson released footage of her dancing in a video called ` cat daddy ' without her permission .   it was claimed kate was not happy with terry for releasing the ` cat ' footage .   terry richardson is one of the most famous photographers in the fashion industry .
jessica ennis-hill , mo farah and greg rutherford take part in sainsbury 's anniversary games .   they return to the olympic stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza .   ennis-hill will be making her first appearance since giving birth to son reggie last summer .
bruce jenner , 65 , won olympic gold in the men 's decathlon in 1976 .   he will appear as bruce before becoming ` her '   the former playgirl cover hunk is the last time bruce jenner is transitioning .   his face has been viewed as part of his interview with diane sawyer .
michael shepard , 35 , was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance .   when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` romeo and juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter .   he is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children , both boys and girls .
officers ryan nielson and autumn soto pulled an unconscious man from the burning suv belonging to hector valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel .   officers in mesquite , texas pulled him out of his suv and stamp out his car burning as the driver lay unconscious .   valles ' clothes had been to burn as valles car and ryan nielson .
edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a # 3million mansion in radlett , hertfordshire last friday night .   fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called .   it is believed mr echukwu is a nigerian from north london who was at his first swingers ' party at the eight-bedroom house .
the video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the ` end of days ' group brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight .   enoch gaver , 28 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody .   the gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police .
volcano calbuco erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the ` apocalypse-like ' event .   hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto montt , chile , and its deadly ash cloud caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety .   one amateur cameraman was surprised to be white lights close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption .
emma watson turns 25 and has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as harry potter 's loyal companion .   now renowned for her effortless style and role in women 's right movements .   emma was just 11 when she filmed harry potter and philosopher 's stone .
joel burger , 24 , went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college - ashley to the university of illinois springfield , joel to monmouth .   friends since kindergarten , the pair from new berlin , illinois , plan to serve drinks in personalized burger king cups .   but after at least five years together , the ribbing has not confirmed .
victoria beckham to the duchess of cambridge in new zealand .   navy and black , victoria beckham , rita ora and victoria beckham are all .   navy , black , and black - all have skin tone .
jermain defoe scored a missile in the 1-0 win at the stadium of light .   newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was lost to fire sunderland into ecstasy .   the sunderland hitman has now scored three points in the premier league .
kim rose , who is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton itchen , is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls .   electoral commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is set to influence votes .   mr rose branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' and said voters in the marginal seat should change their mind for a sausage roll .
prime minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home .   prime minister david cameron will call the tories ` the party of working people '   the subsidy will be funded by councils to sell off their most expensive properties .   cameron will promise to link minimum wage to increases income tax allowance .
rob ford announced that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in may .   ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue .   he hopes to return to work in september .
the house committee on oversight and government reform in a hearing on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations .   she will reportedly resign .   the dea declined to comment today on the reports .
the device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home .   apple predicted on thursday that demand would exceed supply at product launch .   wall street analysts said it was too late for sales of the gadget .
the first eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air .   the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption .   the volcano is one of the most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes but was not under any special observation .
the girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing the military police in iran .   she is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin to troubled nauru for years while her family 's asylum claim is processed .   the visa can take up to three years to process , her lawyer says .
units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan .   one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire .   the girl is not expected to face charges .
patrick bamford has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons .   the 21-year-old striker is one of 26 players out on loan from stamford bridge .   aitor karanka 's parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney .   shinn stood up on his horse to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , austalia as he tried to ride miss royale to victory .   shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in state prison .   he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts for running a ` revenge porn ' site , publishing nude and embarassing photos of women .   more than 10,000 images , mainly of women , posted between december 2012 and september 2013 .
two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday .   in the emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs and black individuals are first lady michelle obama is called a tribeswoman .   all three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in : ` osman thinks i 've been talking too long '   obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to make free e-books available to low-income students .   obama started to repeat himself , ` no , let 's move it , i got you '   the president had been talking about
the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred .   it managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint .   the paint was cleaned off charly later on tuesday night .
reps from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger .   the meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since their proposed deal a year ago .   there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming .
the man was given a life sentence after derby crown court heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse .   his depravity was exposed when he impregnated the girl against her mother .   the man , who can not be named , has been jailed for life .
princess beatrice was back on royal duties at maple hayes school of dyslexia in litchfield , staffordshire .   she travelled to staffordshire and florence in the last week but today , she was criticised for going on 14 trips in less than four days .   beatrice was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour and died in 2013 .
the wreckage of the bus and train used in the great smokey mountains in north carolina .   fans of the film will recognize them as those used by harrison ford 's character dr richard kimble when he escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the train .   the scene was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus .
arsene wenger 's side thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 last season .   per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the ` arguing culture ' to arsenal .   the defender is not one to shy from the defender .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said her predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family .   ms sturgeon was interviewed by stv edward for the special tv programme set to be aired in scotland .   ms sturgeon insisted she would never be asked if she was a man .
liverpool moved within four points of the premier league top four after goals .   raheem sterling and joe allen scored for manchester united and arsenal .   brendan rodgers said : ` we are going to give up on champions league qualification .
engineers at dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' and plan on enabling it to drive itself .   the concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab .   crabs have a wide flat body to make the arthropods move sideways .
wisconsin will play duke , an 81-61 winner over michigan state at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night .   wisconsin coach bo ryan said kentucky 's bid to be the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years .   kentucky 's unbeaten season at 38-1 - two wins was the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 indiana hoosiers .
patrick vieira has been part of the coaching team at manchester city .   vieira worked as football development executive at city before he retired .   vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer .
henry howes got stuck inside an arcade game at the snowdome in tamworth , staffordshire .   he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside .   henry was trapped for half an hour trapped in the machine .
david cameron has admitted he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election .   prime minister said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the tories at the last election , but would back them this time .   mr cameron made remarks in an interview with bbc 's evan davis .
angela merkel and her husband are spotted on their annual easter trip to the island of ischia , near naples .   the couple had to settle for a measly 12 degrees .   the german chancellor has hired a personal pilates trainer .
the greek government has put together a new set of regulations to crack down on violence at sports events .   fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence .   the bill will be suspended from international competition over government interference .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   rancadore 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
arsenal have been the ` best team in europe ' in the second half of the season .   danny welbeck , jack wilshere and kieran gibbs also did not make the first xi against chelsea .   theo walcott says the gunners are the best team place under arsene wenger .
brazilian commuter nelson felippe was offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in rio de janeiro .   the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours .   the viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since being a british citizen in casablanca open qualifying .   bedene has lived in the united kingdom for seven years and is now a citizen .   bedene is the british number two behind andy murray .
khalid rashad , 61 , charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose , and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate .   rashad was born burnell ` bernie ' mitchell - but changed his name to preach until 2011 .   he has been remanded in custody to appear at camberwell magistrates court today .
edward nudel , 41 , was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a 2-year-old pomeranian ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner '   nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative .   nudel reportedly said when officers woke him to take him into custody .   the dog was taken to an animal hospital .
just one day prior , the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked in the southern california city with 106 sick .   the legend of the seas was carrying 1,763 passengers and 747 crew on 15-night cruise from fort lauderdale , florida .   both ships are owned by royal caribbean .
the ten houses in australia have n't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years .   among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent .   in queensland , a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $ 1.5 million 247 days ago .
sinbad the cat survived a 3,000 mile and 17 day journey from egypt to hereford in a shipping container .   the kitten , who has since been named sinbad , was discovered by staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg , hereford .   they heard meows coming from inside the container which was carrying laundry linen .
angelina jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ` remains an obstacle for many women '   it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer .   women with a mutation in brca1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer .   the actress , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 ,
the second seed in the nba 's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city on friday .   san antonio came into a tie over the no 2 playoff seed in southwest division .   kawhi kanter scored 20 points for san antonio .
born bradley manning , 27 , announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning .   manning was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website and was sentenced to 35 years prison .   in february this year , manning was approved for hormone treatment .
betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 .   her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after .   the last game the retired school bus driver saw was on november 30 when the chiefs played the denver broncos .
the spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building as 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years , offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room .   the luxurious bedroom is one of five at the flat which boasts a private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift each floor of the building .   the high-end flat has a master bedroom suite with walk .
james may , 52 , revealed he had ordered the last ever ferrari 458 speciale in bright orange while the ` draft version ' was sitting on his desk ` with only a few details to resolve '   but after clarkson punched tymon in a rage over a hot meal , the offer was taken off the table .   he said the trio had planned to continue making the show until the end of the new contract before leaving ` with dignity '   clarkson was sacked by bbc last month and richard hammond
chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season on sunday .   jose mourinho 's side could move three points away from the premier league .   arsene wenger says mourinho is ` no problems ' with arsene wenger .
sir bradley wiggins will be riding for his eponymous team at the inaugural tour de yorkshire next month .   the four-time olympic champion was not selected in team sky 's squad for the race in the may 1 to 3 race .   wiggins will ride for stage one to scarborough and stage two from selby to york .
nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the cps 's decision not to prosecute lord janner for child abuse .   11 leading figures said that director of public prosecutions alison saunders was ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling .   cps insist lord janner can not face prosecution .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles -lrb- 14km -rrb- of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface .   rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ` safe mode '   rosetta launched into space in august 2014 .   spacecraft uses two star trackers to work out in space .
the russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains , found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent .   the blood formed a clot which caused a blood clot and a swelling in his leg which left him unable to walk .   he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow .
staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , will spend first night at kensington palace .   anmer hall , on the north norfolk coast , will head to anmer after birth .   royal aides say the pilot will spend maternity leave on the birth .
new training will commence at los angeles international airport .   one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union .   tsa will ` enhance ' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that african-american women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings .
the funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 event at the lincoln center in nyc .   the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz in new york city .   kanye 's said : ` the couple , the couple were on the red carpet , hosted the mtv movie awards earlier this month .
charlie austin will continue to be monitored by england 's roy hodgson and assistant ray lewington on june 7 and the euro 2016 qualifier in slovenia .   harry kane scored on his debut against lithuania last month .   hodgson has scored 17 times for queens park rangers this term .
faris al-khori had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb .   the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in edinburgh .   police and army explosive ordnance device can be used to make ricin .
juventus ' semi-final with real madrid has been used to brand the champions league semi-final between real madrid and juventus .   the old lady can ` star wars ' with cristiano ronaldo and carlos tevez .   spain are hoping to beat barcelona and real madrid in the second semi-final .
nick clegg 's wife miriam gonzalez durantez claims right-wing tories want to kick her out of the country .   she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in the uk for 10 years and would like to be able to vote in the election on may 7 .   it comes after mr clegg warned the ` bandwagons of the far right ' .
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months .   but at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning , behavioural and physical problems because of exposure to alcohol in the womb .   in total , hundreds of children were admitted to hospital last year after being born brain damaged by their mother ' s drinking could be greater .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was found at 9.45 pm on queensland 's sunshine coast .   police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction earlier that day .   ms huxham 's ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .
robbie williams has ditched the proposal for a two-storey super basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house .   the 41-year-old star has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion .   he bought for # 17.5 million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool .
alexis tsipras , greece 's prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow .   kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas .   the visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance .   mr tsipras condemned the west 's economic sanctions on moscow as ` a road to nowhere '
women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by angelina jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed .   miss jolie , 39 , had the procedure in march .   two years before she had a double mastectomy .   there were nine deaths from ovarian cancer in the women who did not have oophorectomies .
lada 's 4x4 niva is highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia .   it is available in a van format -lrb- # 10,590 -rrb- tax -rrb- .   as a boom in sales of a new land rover defender could be a boom .
pep guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with bayern munich at the end of the season .   former barcelona boss led bayern to the bundesliga title and german cup in his first season in charge .   bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga and face bayer leverkusen in the german cup on wednesday night .
derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .   he missed the entire campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april .   he will be available for the start of the season .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .   with the door jammed , it is seen using her skull each time .   after 20 seconds , he ca n't care .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after daily mail australia published video of the incident .   ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray .   ms eden said she became upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf .
reading goalkeeper adam federici has received unwavering support from his manager but issued an apology to reading 's fans .   the 30-year-old was ` inconsolable ' after the match in saturday 's fa cup semi-final defeat to arsenal .   arsenal to book a second final appearance .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' performed .   the child 's parents took the body to mexico the following day .   five children under the age of ten , both boys and girls were also living at the home and had been taken away by child protective services .
a small chocolate bunny would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off .   for four solid mini chocolate easter eggs it would need to walk for the full 40 minutes .   an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes .
it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection .   the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt .   it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by captain c. ryder .
ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .   brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent .
nicholas connole , who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students , who threw beers and spat from their balconies .   the zeta beta fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them .   the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the warrior beach retreat on april 17 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the tennis star will wed kim sears in his hometown of dunblane , on april 11 .   last year , a quarter of all marriages in scotland involved couples from outside of the country .   southwest england was the most popular wedding destination in the country .
mohammed tahir , 53 , was banned from using london underground during rush hours after rubbing himself up against a woman in a busy carriage .   he got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ` confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s .   he then pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers on a hot summer 's day .   tahir was charged with two similar offences in 2003 only to be cleared
joe lewis was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at aston villa .   he scored his first premier league goal of the season against aston villa .   adebayor has pocketed # 3.4 million in wages .
bobby brown visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina in hospital on monday .   the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 .   her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover .
samsung will be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range .   apple relies heavily on other firms to produce the flash and working memory in the iphone 4 .   samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 .
hulk hogan 's ex-wife linda has listed her simi valley mansion in california for sale at $ 5.5 million .   the property includes an award-winning swimming pool , a waterfall and slide .   linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 .
the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night .   mr moore 's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories including architecture , arts and culture .   photographer john moore received a $ 25,000 prize and sony photography equipment .
the gr20 trail is the toughest trek in europe .   the gr20 valley is a mountain sheep in europe .   the town 's spine of corsica will be toughest trek .
david kassick , 59 , was shot in the back while he lay face down on february 2 .   mearkle , 36 , claimed she shot kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon .   mearkle is free on bail and suspended without pay .
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles , after he dumped her for a classmate .   police arrested the 52-year-old in her car .   russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 .   it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python 's meaning of life .   professor hawking can be heard singing the show 's famous song .
arnold quintero , 21 , from san antonio , texas faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , one of sex performed by a child under 14 , bodily injury to a child .   she said she had been held in a ` trap ' house in january 21 and was punched in black eyes and a bleeding nose .   ` trap house ' is similar to crack house .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals this season and blackburn at # 7million .   swansea are interested in blackburn rovers striker obbi oulare .   swansea are also keen to sign a left-back with leicester 's jeffrey schlupp .
samantha cameron , justine miliband and miriam clegg all were on parade .   samantha and justine marched across the country in support of their men .   the three leaders ' wives are in support by the political party .
interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday .   controversial sports direct and newcastle united owner mike ashley has secured an 8.92 stake in rangers .   ashley 's firm take a 75 per cent grip of the rangers retail subsidiary .
new york photographer brandon stanton created the photo series on facebook .   her photo was created as part of the humans of new york project .   her name is the wife of jay-z , who has an extra ` i ' says .
the eggs were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month 's edition .   each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work .   the detailed works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs , and painstakingly created by 14 of the uk 's top cake .
matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in la mirada , california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel .   mr weathers put in a video of his virtual lesson to confront the teacher at the back of the room .   the recorded version of mr weathers on the video screen has halts his class .
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their # 885 season cards will rocket to # 1,750 .   the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package .   some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini 's side .
jacques burger is cited for alleged foul play during last sunday 's quarter-final game against racing metro in paris .   namibia international burger will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday .   welshman simon thomas has been appointed as independent judicial officer .
the 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last june .   users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's .   it has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million downloads .
the hop theory ` beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices .   promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping .   hop theory is nearing its $ 25,000 target on kickstarter to produce its first blend .
top marks for saskia , 17 , aced the ` arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 points , or 87 per cent .   the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times , almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers .   she said sanchez is better than eden hazard .
the arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the republican governor asa hutchinson , who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on wednesday .   indiana governor mike pence said after signing his state 's amended measure .   hutchinson signed the new legislation last night .
lebron james paid his first triple-double for cavs as they beat the bulls for their 50th win of the season .   the 11-time all star paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a as cleveland cavaliers won on sunday .   lebron delivered with his 9.3 million followers on instagram .
an all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building .   the facility is the first of its kind at the white house .   spokesman jeff tiller said the administration 's stance on lgbt issues .
spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months .   spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year .   consumers buy expensive phones and tablet computers .
paul , who launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy .   ` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday .   a spokesman for american bridge 21st century , a liberal opposition-research group .
harry panayiotou has won the premier league player of the month award .   the striker , 20 , scored three goals for leicester city side in march .   panayiotou has been in division 1 and 2 with chelsea .
dave whelan appointed mackay as manager of wigan in november 2014 .   mackay 's tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday .   mackay was being investigated over ` sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' instead of ` he '   grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of grant 's gender identity .   whataburger claims they denied grant not because of gender identity but because grant was wearing too revealing an outfit to be let inside .   austin , texas has a non-discrimination ordinance .
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's world championship .   the 37-year-old survived a 10-8 victory over ricky walden at the crucible in sheffield on sunday .   dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line .
senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville .   the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states .   temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees .
the classic english pastry has been spotted as a pain au raisin .   from lattes to espresso and americano to cafe au lait .   the coffee used to brew more flavour profiles .
english referee mark clattenburg will take charge of the champions league quarter-final clash between paris saint-germain and barcelona on wednesday night , and he will be assisted by five other englishmen .   clattenburg is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe 's top eight clubs with martin atkinson not set for this round .   lionel messi and co travel to the parc des princes at the quarter-final stage at europe 's premier competition .
the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim .   injaz was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother .   injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally .
burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship .   over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , mila kunis , elton john , rosie waterhouse and anna wintour .   event at griffith observatory in new flagship store on rodeo drive opened in november .
powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed on an outside or inside wall .   the average u.s. home uses 10,908 kilowatt-hours of energy per year , or just short of 30 per day .   the device could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper .
amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet -lrb- 120 meters -rrb- or no faster than 100 miles per hour -lrb- 160 km per hour -rrb- .   the company told u.s. lawmakers less than a week later the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency 's permission .   about 86 percent of amazon 's deliveries are 5 pounds or less .
tom boonen and fabian cancellara winners of six of the last 10 races missing through injury .   thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his victory in e3 harelbeke .   norway beat niki terpstra to win the tour of flanders race .
lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are ` owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career .   david howman , director general of wada , said this week he is disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs .   armstrong won the tour de france every year from 1999-2005 .
jimmy savile was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in battersea .   it is not clear whether savile attended the brothel at the same time .   but they have all been linked to the property .
aaron kaufman , the former chief technology officer of blue shield , has been accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations , hotel stays and lavish nights out with reid .   blue shield claimed that miss reid 's card she ` behaved inappropriately ' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media .   blue shield also mentioned reid in their complaint .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach , florida by john bailey .   the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water .   the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission has said she believes the image is genuine .
edouard duplan had an extra man on the pitch against ajax at the stadion galgenwaard .   the home side were substituted midway through the first-half .   edouard duplan is said to have been substituted on 24 minutes .
aston villa and west brom are not out of the premier league .   danny ings has nine premier league goals so far .   hull and qpr will come from five teams at the foot of the table .
kim sears will marry her long-term partner later this month .   kim and andy murray play against south african kevin anderson in their fourth round match .   kim was spotted working on her wedding tan during day 9 of the miami open .
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho nightclub on april 3 - a week after the owner 's son was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue .   the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus , the owner of the venue in sydney 's kings cross , was jailed for at least three years for the crime .   a photo of a young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub 's facebook page on april
dozhd tv fears the video launching clinton 's white house bid may fall foul of putin 's ` gay propaganda ' laws .   clinton 's video not only features democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois .   clinton said : ` i 'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about '   russian television network features two men holding hands .
in one case , a voter complained that wealthy donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays .   others in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities accused politicians of ` fly-posting '   the same by-election saw six complaints made to medway council - one party 's tory defector mark reckless , was won by ukip .   police were called when scraps broke out over ` political views ' on polling day .
leigh griffiths scored third goal against dundee united on sunday .   former dundee boss gordon chisholm says it is ` leigh griffiths '   celtic 's top scorer , ronny deila and celtic are all in the search .   click here for more celtic news .
investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 , killing all 150 people on board .   german air traffic control officials called for technology that ground staff could use in an emergency to take remote command of a plane .   klaus-dieter scheurle , head of the deutsche flugsicherung authority , warns the aviation industry to develop the system could help prevent a repeat of the crash last month .
savage swan asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river .   the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers .   asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists eating sandwiches and drinking from water bottles .
belinda bowman , 37 , contracted gbs during labour and meningitis .   one in ten will die .   current guidelines recommend testing women deemed ` at risk '   only recorded cases during 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested .
andrew cuomo met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .   today , cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit cuba since the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half of hostility and hostility in cuba .   cuomo says it wants to begin direct commercial flights to cuba .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction .   his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .   south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days .
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of the airbus a380 service between london and san francisco .   the brand also tapped mindfulness expert mark coleman to develop a series of meditation videos .   the airline has launched a mindfulness programme .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 at st james ' park in the premier league on sunday .   harry kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side 's 3-1 win .   pochettino believes england hitman can improve as he is his first full season in the first team .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery .   prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 , and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program .   his trial had been due to start monday but defense lawyers refused to pay .
barry selby , 54 , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack in poole , dorset .   the 54-year-old said he was ` shocked ' to make the discovery .   mr selby has said it is far more impressive than other examples he has seen on the internet .
eden hazard and nathan ake paired up to take on loic remy and willian .   hazard and ake took part in audi 's football challenge .   chelsea stars in round one from close range .
douglas murphy , 47 , from brooklyn , new york , brushed his ankle against a bin bag , developed a flesh-eating bug and nearly lost his leg .   surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg .   mr murphy had been given to show signs of working .
micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers , 33 , at a pub in campbelltown only a day before she was murdered .   he claimed his co-accused rachel evans was the one who had a ` twisted desire to kill ' and he had only helped bury ms ayers ' body .   his former partner rachel evans had willingly joined in .
hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the huskies with the help of team impact , an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams .   hand 's sister sophie , 7 , was named an honorary cheerleader .   the announcement was made with father nate and mother lauren at his side .
chloe knapton , 21 , had to have surgery after a stranger smashed down her car window with a bottle , causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck .   ms knapton was driving home from a night out on thursday last week .   ms knapton has been left with horrific injuries and is ` unable to smile '   ms knapton 's family has released shocking photos of the young woman .
listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being recalled after sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria .   the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000 , ' only five batches of hummus are recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus .   the positive test happened at a kroger in port huron , michigan .
in sunday 's chinese grand prix , renault suffered two blown engines as first red bull 's daniil kvyat was forced out of the race , followed late on by toro rosso 's max verstappen .   renault powered red bull to four consecutive drivers ' and constructors ' championships .   red bull team principal christian horner has been critical of renault this season .
ukip figures insist the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp .   mr farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in thanet south .   private poll paid for by ukip donor but carried out by experts comres .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl 's legal custody .   in exchange for the waiver alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some plea .   prosecutors dropped a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors .
rory mcilroy believes the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen .   knox played with mcilroy when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year .   mcilroy believes jeff knox , a former georgia state mid-amateur champion .
the fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor at the same time the state department had to approve the sale .   the acting chief executive of the clinton foundation apologized after hillary clinton 's presidential candidacy put it under intense scrutiny for undisclosed donations .   a government watchdog said the charity seemed like a ` slush fund ' for one of america 's most powerful political families .
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil .   the flight , which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board , took off from cologne in two days - one over a suspected oil leak and another after a passenger and a cabin crew member fell ill .   an airbus a319 was forced to make an unscheduled landing in venice after a flight attendant fell ill during the flight .
terry claybon lost 30 pounds for the shoot , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night .   he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day before filming even started .   his trainer , jake gyllenhaal of los angeles in nightcrawler , put on a 15 pounds of work to get the weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle .
the prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats .   the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved .   the priest allegedly said he had organised orgies with priests and a swiss guard .
former snp leader alex salmond said he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition .   he said all parties would have to face up to the scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament .   ` there is no disrespect or disgrace , ' said snp leader nicola sturgeon .
the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format at the ellis park stadium in johannesburg , south africa .   la clippers ' chris paul and luol deng will play in the first-ever nba game held in africa .   eight-time nba all-star deng - born in south sudan will lead out team africa .
tweets include the phrases , ' i need a bad b **** ' and ` gang sh ** n **** '   as he is a minor , dailymail.com will not be the child 's tweets .   the boy , from memphis , has had more than 3,000 followers on twitter .   twitter users and twitter users have expressed backlash .
abby bishop was 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   now zala is 20 months old and follows bishop .
everton finish in the bottom half of the premier league for the first time since 2006 .   tim howard believes the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season .   the merseyside outfit played 10 games in europe this season .
delroy facey , 34 , is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches .   former non-league player moses swaibu is standing trial at birmingham crown court .   facey denies conspiracy to commit bribery .
the number of allergy sufferers is almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering an allergic reaction .   more than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in england for allergic reactions .   around 21million britons have some kind of allergy .
the move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions .   teacher angela butler said britain 's got talent spent two hours at her school - and a local sixth-form college in november .   around 30 newtown high school pupils aged 11 to 18 sang .
liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season under way in the united states .   the portland defender from orlando city 's brazilian star kaka was on clash against new york city fc last week .   we beat dallas 3-1 for our first win of the season .
tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday .   the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball .   it forced the joint out of place .
homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more or # 38,831 .   homes with a waitrose cost an average of # 354,378 -lrb- 12 % -rrb- more than typical prices for their regions .   lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts .
former treasurer peter costello has fired a proposed bank deposit tax at the abbott government just weeks out from its second budget .   the former liberal treasurer said using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap australians in poverty .   abbott government is due to deliver second budget on may 12 .
mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ` delilah ' is a spot in the europe league via the fair play league .   stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table and are set to miss out on european football next year .   sam allardyce 's west ham could earn a europa league place .
ben stokes was a shot from samuels off his own bowling at the grenada national stadium in saint george 's .   stokes was admonished by umpire steve davis .   all in a day of the second test , the durham all-rounder was injured .
the ` chanel-inspired ' style guide to heart is thousands of female race-goers .   it 's the first time it has been seen in the past few years .   it was the first female race fans in liverpool .
tourists are invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals .   bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is set up for # 3,500 .   the trip to durminskoye reserve in russia is seven days .
real madrid , manchester united , juventus and paris st germain keen .   kondogbia has impressed liverpool scouts this season in europe and ligue 1 .   liverpool are set to expire at the end of the season .
amanda goff is a former journalist wrote a book about her experience after being a global sensation .   in her new book , the 40-year-old said she was shocked her ` coming out ' experience was the response she received from other mothers , who expected her children to ` endure a life of misery ' because of her abnormal profession .   after being labelled ` a s *** and an anti-feminist ' , ms goff has told how she received .
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket .   pietersen and vaughan were england team-mates before pietersen was axed by the ecb .   vaughan is a hot favourite to be appointed as director of england cricket .
raheem sterling 's ` it 's - not-about-the-money ' campaign led him to the emirates stadium .   liverpool and arsenal fans united to protest against the price of football for travelling fans .   # 64 a ticket ' shows one banner .
darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town .   gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , nicky butt and paul scholes are in attendance for salford 's victory against clitheroe town .   salford city won the title on 92 points .
pauline mckee will not receive the $ 41million jackpot she thought she won from the slots at the isle hotel casino in waterloo , iowa after the state supreme court ruled her wining pull was caused by a software error .   the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the maximum award was $ 10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed .   on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee had won a bonus award of $ 41,797,550.16 .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals .   the 25-1 handler was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup .   his trainer oliver sherwood 's record in the race .
manchester united manager louis van gaal handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day .   the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the aon training complex on monday .   moshin tanveer suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , lost all control of her body and crashed her car last may .   she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock .   tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder .
saving place opens tuesday at the museum of the city of new york shows the former landmarks destroyed before they could be preserved by the city 's landmark law .   the loss of the old penn station was demolished in 1918 .   the law was signed by mayor robert wagner on april 19 .
pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .   pusok says the agreement would settle all potential claims from pusok 's april 9 arrest .   he said he fled ` because any contact with police has been negative for me ' as he is hit with a taser .
exam board boss mark dawe said schoolchildren would only have short time to use the search engine during tests .   he said the idea would lead to a ` dumbing down of standards '   education campaigners say teachers should test how students interpret answers .   most pupils learn through search engines .
southend united move into fourth after a 1-0 win over bury on tuesday night .   phil brown 's late-goal winner behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference .   former bury player worrall scored 25 yards in a yellow-carded foul .
iowa-based writer daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , is sharing his efforts to lose more than 300lbs ; he started out weighing 563lbs in a month .   but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register .   as one of 79 million obese americans he has been overweight since high school .
german referee marjia kurtes disallowed williamson 's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend .   uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .   leah williamson awarded a free-kick to norway .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , murdered six members of his girlfriend 's family on christmas eve , 2007 .   the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life without parole .   mcenroe had been living with his girlfriend in a mobile home in the backyard at the time .
the body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom and then returned to her seat to resume her work .   the 26-year-old woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead .   staff at ceva logistics in the 24400 block of glendale avenue in redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant .
lewis hamilton wins bahrain grand prix with sebastian vettel and nico rosberg .   hamilton 's third win in four races set to 27 points for nico rosberg .   kimi raikkonen won the formula one world championship .
clarence david moore called police this week to surrender .   his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he broke down in tears .   moore was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in 1967 and was sentenced to seven years in prison .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on wednesday .   the 26-year-old made way at the first half of united 's 2-0 defeat to derby county .   de jong has made just one premier league start since his # 6million move .
professor ninian peckitt claimed he was attempting to reduce fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head , a medical hearing heard .   the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by prof peckitt .   but he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone .
kim scott posted a poem that she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day .   the 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner aaron leeson on saturday , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park on friday afternoon .   ms scott 's sister kim scott addressed the poem intended for her partner and her partner of five year aaron leeson-woolley .
barcelona 's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real ` spectacle '   barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the last 16 of the competition .   neymar says it will be a great game between two players with players .   the brazil international has been linked with a move to barcelona .
andre ayew is believed to be a target for tottenham in the summer but will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season .   the marseille star is out of contract this summer .   inter milan are also made in the race to land ayew .
migrant workers are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands .   some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting .   they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads and vegetables .
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell , massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials .   police searched the home after an incident saturday night in which brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder .   the blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to brigham and women 's hospital in boston .
ana ivanovic was seen off 7-6 6-4 by france 's caroline garcia in stuttgart .   garcia won their first round clash in the clay court porsche tennis grand prix on tuesday .   serbian fifth seed ana ivanovic lost for the third time this year .
man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course .   the golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot and one down to the bone .   john lahiff has defended the creature who attacked him .
wigan warriors beat st helens grand-final in first utility super league defeat .   wigan warriors ' warriors beat the warriors at the dw stadium .   joe burgess scored his side 's first try in the second half .
by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- can cause cervical cancer .   in europe , norway came out as the maps called a ` herpes hotspot ' generating the most searches per capita .   in the us herpes was the biggest group searching for information about chlamydia .
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer .   benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes .   benaud has died at age 84 for battling skin cancer .
homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting backpackers and locals .   one sydney host has been using the website to connect with potential guests .   homecamp has already had four successful bookings .
the victim , who has not been named , was walking in a subway underneath a road in newbury , berkshire , when two boys approached him .   the victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment .   officers from thames valley police are hunting the pair after their threats in broad daylight on easter monday afternoon .
sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in coventry .   the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery , as she thanked the girls .   sophie and katie alwill , 18 , raised the alarm during a woodland walk .
dwayne harvard , 46 , has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in pennsylvania .   harvard claims he was furious that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend anna mazzetti , a ride home .   the driver , steven sutton , of pittsburgh , confronted him in the driveway of his home .
any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched .   the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan will be eligible for a 50 per cent discount on the device .   it does not apply to the edition model , which starts at $ 10,000 in the us and # 8,000 in the uk .
maho beach is on the dutch side of the caribbean island of saint martin .   passenger aircraft landed in sync at san francisco international airport .   video shows two planes on one of the planes on maho beach .
the kansas city royals and chicago white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions .   white sox pitchers chris sale and jeff samardzija were suspended five games each .   smardzija and five others have been suspended suspension .
doaa and umm said they used to be heavily involved in others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee .   umma , 25 , was forced to marry a foreign fighter .   she said women also received a ` standard ' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper islamic dress .
yelp , founded in 2004 by two former paypal employees , is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor 's offices .   kaylie milliken is the filmmaker behind billion dollar bully , an ongoing documentary focused on small businesses .   she has n't finished the documentary yet , milliken tells daily mail online her research so far has indicated yelp appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site .
evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self .   but the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis .   it was home to a post office , even a school house in the 1870s and 80s .
kylie leuluai has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago but coach brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed .   mcdermott had feared leuluai could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation .   leuluai faces another six weeks out of action .
lewis hamilton said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party back in 2008 .   hamilton told the clare balding show how he once stepped on former president bill clinton 's foot .   hamilton was in office as the united states for eight years .
filmed in north vancouver , the bird appears to be a golden eagle .   big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot .   the eagle has landed on a football team 's training session .
alastair cook failed with the bat on day three of the first test in antigua .   the england captain failed for the second time in the second test .   new ecb chairman colin graves took the opposition to west indies .
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests .   he also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before papers were sent off .   school officials were tipped off after suspected breach of exam rules .
belgium face france in a euro 2016 qualifier against wales on june 12 .   fifa rules state nations are entitled to 14 days before the start of a tournament .   jose mourinho 's side is likely to fly out on may 28 or 29 for a 12,000-mile round trip to japan .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured .   both men have returned to the sport they love and mr carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge .   mr carey was told he may never walk again after being injured but he recovered to return to the jump this year .
james creag must use the special brown suncream as he suffers from a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear .   james , from salford in greater manchester , was given dundee reflective sunscreen , a thick brown paste .   his mother claire , 34 , said : ` when he had the cream on he was called names ' , he refused to wear it any more .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane .   footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .   even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
lorna mccarthy feared for her life at the hands of barry mccarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier .   mrs mccarthy urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from the next day - but it was never received .   mccarthy , 51 , had previously found out his wife was using dating websites .
skygazers in the western u.s. , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday .   the best spot this morning was at the mississippi river , where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am pt .   but observatory staff in sydney were unable to see the eclipse due to cloudy weather .
australian prime minister tony abbott called his death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman '   the former australia captain died on wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer .   abbott said there would be very few australians who have not passed a summer in the company of richie benaud .   benaud 's family have been offered a state funeral .
terry martin shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds .   hampton was taken by ambulance to john peter smith hospital but died a few hours later .   martin was sentenced in july 2012 to a day in jail and fined $ 214 for assaulting hampton .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship .   the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round .   trump led 7-2 from wednesday .
baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife - and identified his attacker as ` hobie ' from the hit show .   jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake .   the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon , the son of david hasselhoff 's character mitch buchannon on baywatch .
james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , had several fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back .   mr ward is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does .   ' i was hit in the back with an axe , ' he said .
the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four passengers along anderson road in glenning valley on thursday night .   the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin , crashed into a solid brick wall and leaving five injured .   the driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen , and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition .
actresses liz hurley , 49 , and jacqueline bissett , 70 , or model david gandy , 35 , and soap star dean gaffney , 37 , there 's no shortage of hollywood lookalikes .   hunger games star josh hutcherson , 22 , discovered they looked so they could be identical twins earlier this week .   the celebrity world is no shortage .
sheffield 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday .   his brother p j willett tweeted : ` bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #masters2015 debut .   the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his putt for eagle at the par-five 13th .
tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to stop dead in its tracks .   as the bird flew higher and higher in a blind panic , it was caught on camera by photographer libby zhang .   the slip caused the tiger to flip right onto its back .
shamima begum and amira abase , both 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , crossed over border last february and are believed to be living in raqqa .   begum has forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the al-khansa brigade .   the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of isis .
the fregoe family took a small ball of ice from the snowman to store in the freezer until next winter .   it grew to be more than 9-feet tall .   mike fregoe of massapequa park says he has kept the snowman alive with his teen daughter rebecca .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder .   the couple 's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room .   the couple were recently divorced and keltsie lived in her utah apartment alone with her daughter .
former prime minister has warned that the snp want to use the chaos after the election to force a second referendum on independence .   warned that her party want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at westminster to force another independence referendum .   warned that those casting their vote on may 7 will be the future of scotland for the next few years .
wat pa luangta bua has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation by friday or they will be seized .   end of tiger temple just outside of bangkok , has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits .   chotiban says the temple did not have permits for the cats .
fashion targets breast cancer , the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever .   this follows the first leg of the campaign which launched earlier this month and starred models abbey clancy , alice dellal , 27 , singer foxes , 25 , and victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson .   models from high street giants including marks & spencer 's , debenhams and laura ashley , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all .
zhou qunfei , 45 , has been named china 's richest woman .   her company supplies protective window glass used in apple devices was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china .   her mother died when she was five years old .
a former fortune 500 executive has admitted causing a highway crash that killed murphy , her unborn child , and her fiancee , jason timmons , during robert dellinger 's sentencing on wednesday .   amanda murphy 's mother , tammy langlois , and murphy 's sister , ashley murphy , cry after testimony by the families of amanda murphy and jason timmons .   dellinger , of sunapee , new hampshire , was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at ppg industries .
gary neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ` in outer space '   former manchester united right-back feels hazard is on par with thomas muller and gareth bale .   chelsea winger eden hazard must win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm against the premier league title .   neville says ronaldo and barcelona star are in outer position .
leader of kazakhstan has apologised after winning 97 per cent of the vote .   nursultan nazarbayev , a former steel worker , has won another five year term .   international monitors say there was not genuine choice of other candidates .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight .   she died in 1901 and the station went into public use in 1903 .   the building is now on the market for # 625,000 , while the track has become a cycle path .
genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred .   researchers have proposed using mammoth dna to replace that of an elephant using a similar technique to the one used to clone dolly the sheep .   other scientists fear that animals would be unable to survive in the modern world .
aston villa beat qpr 2-1 at villa park on tuesday night .   clint hill and charlie austin scored 3-2 in the game .   villa are 16th in the premier league .
jerry moon 's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag .   a lawsuit filed by the family claims the brown mortuary put the body of 97-year-old robert petitclerc in the coffin by mistake .   the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress .
starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 .   starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores . '   the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce and graham crackers .
# 64 a ticket ' the cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were # 64 .   arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium .   supporters from both clubs say they are ` disgusted ' at the rise of ticket prices .
nadine coyle and coleen rooney have joined forces with cancer research 's race for life .   the race raises money to encourage women from across the uk .   the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for life .
suma was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was given daily medication to help relieve the pain .   doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her condition has fallen over the past two years .   doctors were also able to give the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months .
many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five .   at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .
orphaned badger cubs have been nursed back to health by a animal lover on a diet of custard creams .   nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food .   the first of the badger cubs was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre .
poundland has posted annual sales exceeding the # 1billion mark for the first time in burton-on-trent 25 years ago .   the company revealed yesterday total revenue over the 12-month period - excluding its spain interests - grew 11.8 per cent to just over # 1.1 billion .   poundland said it had opened 60 net new stores in the uk and ireland .
australian warren rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-qaeda linked captors would behead him .   mr rodwell said he fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation .   prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event .
1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation .   asks ` are you of the white race or of a colored race ? '   the form was purchased at an ephemera show - by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner .   the kkk 's membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million .
tykeran hamilton , 25 , has been jailed for 11 years .   he spotted a friend waiting for a bus and shouted ` watch this '   he crashed into cyclist alan knight , 64 , on his morning paper round .   hamilton abandoned the car and denied any involvement in the tragedy .
mustafa kamal resigned as international cricket council president .   kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh 's world cup defeat to india in melbourne last month .   icc chief executive david richardson accepted the resignation .
the archbishop of canterbury called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists .   dr welby said the killing of christians had been a ` wicked ' development .   pope francis called for governments to intervene in syria and iraq .
the woman , named only as ms zhao , cooked her enough food to last for a year before he returned to service .   husband yin yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday with frozen dishes and snacks .   also made about 1,000 dumplings to show his love to his wife .
huw thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist '   he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup .   the labour candidate apologised ` wholeheartedly ' for telling people to throw ` tippex ' over cars over england flags .   thomas said he made the comments as ' a young student '   he said : ` since i am neither a simpleton nor a casual racist '
paddy barnes and michael conlan both are one win from qualifying for next summer 's olympic games .   the belfast boys will have seven fights so far in italy .   barnes and conlan have been on the market for four years .
fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state .   the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 .   hundreds of foreigners are fighting in yemen , libya and pakistan .
office for national statistics said more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year .   prime minister used data to warn that recovery would be ` put at risk ' by a ` stitch-up ' between labour and snp .   david cameron warns recovery will be put by risk .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports .   he was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma , also known as molly , at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm .   stoll was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges .
radamel falcao has failed to score since january 31 against leicester .   the striker has been shot on target in the premier league this season .   falcao has n't scored in manchester united 's 1-0 defeat at chelsea .
manchester united midfielder was sent off for internacional on wednesday .   his colleague fabricio stole an elbow at anderson in porto alegre .   anderson has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , took place in the monarch 's 1,788-room palace in brunei 's capital , bandar seri begawan .   the prince is the youngest child of the sultan , hassanal bolkiah , and is second in the line of succession to be next sultan of brunei .   ` bersanding ' or enthronement ceremony is the governor of the istana nural iman palace , where the sultan of the world 's richest men has been married since the start of 5
melissa plancarte was filmed doing her midnight flit in mexico 's michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ` since you left '   enrique plancarte was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges .   melissa 's father enrique plancarte headed one of mexico 's biggest drugs cartels .   she was outed in a social media campaign by michoacan self-defence groups .
diafra sakho could be out for the rest of the season .   the striker came off after 58 minutes of saturday 's 1-1 draw at home to stoke with a thigh strain .   west ham are ninth in the premier league with 43 points .
portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford after saturday 's 3-1 defeat to morecambe .   the league two club sacked company with awford at a meeting at the club 's roko training ground .   assistant manager gary waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team .
clermont hit from marcelo bosch in saint-etienne .   mark mccall 's men all of last summer and clermont .   english clubs will not compete with domestic salary cap .
in january chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a steroid at the 2009 world championships .   the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 days before she beat jessica ennis-hill in south korea in 2011 .   ennis-hill failed a drugs test two years ago .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday .   he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong .   so fat the mechanic 's post has been shared over 1,000 times .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but visited a warship instead .   mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct .   akers-belcher claims he has been sacked for whistle blowing .
duchess loved by 50 per cent of britons , 56 % credit her with charles ' own increasing popularity .   prince of wales has cut an ` charm and charisma '   poll reveals she was the most hated woman in britain .   she was released to mark their 10th wedding anniversary .
manchester united are third , eight points behind chelsea chelsea .   chris smalling scored united 's fourth goal against manchester city .   smalling has now scored the same premier league goals this season .
nicola salerno has resigned from having any executive influence at elland road .   leeds united assistant manager steve thompson was suspended .   thompson 's suspension has left neil redfearn considering his future .
robbie keane 's car karaoke effort posted on the boy george and the culture club facebook page .   boy george , real name george o'dowd , is a friend from the us billboard hot 100 chart in 1983 .   the video was filmed during la galaxy 's day off with keane 's song that was released when he was three years old .
guest list of 120 people invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at a national park in leeton , in new south wales ' central west region .   stephanie 's family and friends honoured the 26-year-old teacher 's memory .   the popular high school teacher was last seen on friday - the day before ms scott 's big day .
mcdonnell and her husband , former gov. bob mcdonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. .   ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .   among the gifts were almost $ 20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen mcdonnell .
ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings .   the labour party has taken a commanding four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day .   mr miliband said mr miliband could stab britain in the back like he did to his brother .
realtors have priced this san francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million .   the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate .   the remains were removed from the house on april 4 .
ivan carlos , 22 , and brenda avilez , 18 , were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto .   the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence , killing the couple .   avilez was nine months pregnant at the time .   the driver , who had recently been released from prison , was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .
the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday for only the second known time in as many years .   obama is in panama to attend the vii summit of the americas .   he and cuban president raul castro spoke on the phone ahead of an anticipated ` interaction ' at the conference .
police have said that 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit his wife palak patel multiple times with an object and then fled .   an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area .   patel has been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree assault , second-degree murder , as dangerous weapon .
the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria , burundi and togo at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list .   the list is dominated by european nations , and measures a country 's population .   britons are happier now than they were two years ago .
the camp was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 .   it became the final resting place of 50,000 jews , gypsies , nazi opponents and the disabled .   the images were taken by british reverend charles martin king parsons .
dozens of people visited the cooden beach hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug .   health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the ` winter vomiting bug ' a sign posted on the door of the hotel warns visitors about an ` airborne virus '   the owner of a british seaside hotel says it is virus-free after 100 holidaymakers were struck down by the health officials .   the source of the illness has not been identified
stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's premier league clash with tottenham .   dean marney and kevin long remain on the long-term absentee list .   matt taylor also nearing return after achilles surgery .
loushanna and shawn craig had gone away to the island for a three-day break .   ryanair staff refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant .   mrs craig had flown to tenerife with her husband for three-day holiday .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice .   women should not regularly drink more than three to four units a day .   one alcohol unit equals one 25ml single measure of spirits .
jim murphy , and douglas alexander , its chief election strategist , are among those on course to lose their seats .   survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010 . there are 59 seats in scotland .
the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights .   because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday .   the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league .
matthew colvin was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday .   an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours .   the glasses were to be put back on display on wednesday .
premier league rules state clubs must give the away fans 10 per cent of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium .   bournemouth officials are considering doubling the south stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000 .   premier league regulations must provide at least 10 % of their overall allocation for away supporters .
the world no 1 is one of only five players to win the masters , the us open .   mcilroy and woods will line up at augusta for the masters this week .   mcilroy has confirmed he is ready to play at augusta after spell working on his game .
lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule .   the replica of the warship has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros to build .   it will head for yorktown , including philadelphia , new york and boston .
some of the hens found at wagner 's poultry farm were ravaged and dying .   activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions .   eggs were still being produced at the farm despite veterinary care .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with friends by his side .   police released images of mr palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him .   mr palani , a 26-year-old student from india , was known to a new zealander travelling in sri lanka who saw his photo online .
alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas keslar along the canal bank on friday .   she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal .   their mother tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller .
fifa vice-president jim boyce claimed on wednesday night the sfa were ` entirely wrong ' in their move to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final .   meekings thistle defender will learn on thursday if he has been successful .   northern irishman is chairman of fifa 's referees committee , believes it should be levelled at match referee steven mclean and his assistants .
known as the islamic state health service , even the acronym appears to be a copy of the uk 's free health system .   the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to syria and help isis with their new health care service .   video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor .
ruby walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn .   phillip hobbs 's gelding was able to walk away from his fall .   balthazar king had likely suffered broken ribs .
more than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they could not prove they have had vaccinations .   the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 died .   health experts in the us have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic .
120 dairy workers can tuck into meal for as little as # 2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food .   staff canteen at yeo valley headquarters in blagdon , north somerset , has spent 20 years working at the yeo valley 's own holt farm in north somerset .   the eaterie countryside has quirky light fittings at the staff canteen .
tareq kamleh called on foreign medics to travel to isis in raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service .   kamleh , who is believed to be in his late 20 's , completed his medical degree at adelaide university .   it was revealed kamleh , a young doctor , was hailed the ` new face ' of the propaganda videos .
kevin sinfield scored his first try of the season against castleford .   leeds rhino scored unbeaten run against tigers to six matches .   ryan hall was sent to leeds rhino for first time in his career .
mesut ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games .   ozil only played for 73 minutes against liverpool but made 47 passes in the opposition half .   ozil was at his first half free-kick against liverpool .
former chelsea winger florent malouda won the premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea , guingamp and france national team .   petr cech is the man for sky sports ' fantasy football club .   malouda 's fantasy football xi is the last one final in munich .
tom carroll was hurt during england under 21s ' 1-0 win over czech republic .   the midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks .   carroll has so far made 18 appearances for swansea during his season-long loan .
sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of barcelona .   sevilla coach unai emery has guided the club to fifth .   emery is one of the most animated coaches in the la liga .
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way '   he said her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much .   she was nominated for office by richard nixon .   the couple married when she was 17 and were us ambassador to ghana in 1974-1976 and czechoslovakia .
manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 in the premier league on saturday .   louis van gaal 's side lost 2-1 at anfield to aston villa .   juan mata scored a brace against liverpool .
bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover , kent .   driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand .   seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up .
lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to win the boston marathon on monday .   desisa donated his medal to the city after the 2013 boston bombings .   desisa was seventh in the men 's race and first american in at an event .
charlie adam equalised for chelsea against stoke at stamford bridge .   thibaut courtois was on the winning team for jose mourinho 's team .   eden hazard joined chelsea in the win over stoke on saturday .
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .   she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night .   but he had to feature at ufc 186 .   quinton ` rampage ' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the fight .
jeanette rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post .   the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs .   the little blue and yellow bird made the most of a damaged street light by collecting moss , grass and straw to line her nest .
mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month .   the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery .   south korea ambassador lippert has posted several photos on facebook of him using the device in south korea .
troy slezak from california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .   footage shows the duo rolling around together .   at one point stella one hand by boo 's mouth .
video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a rifle routine in sand .   ` establishing ' of isis-related group in yemen after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the local al qaeda affiliates .   group claimed responsibility for series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in sanaa .
laura cody , 23 , and tanbay theune , 26 , are seeing the world while house-sitting for strangers .   properties are advertised on a number of websites which charges a membership fee of # 5.99 a month .   house-sitting is one of the most of the travel travellers can keep their costs down .
tola ore , 32 , fitted a keyboard video mouse to the usb port of her computer in the santander bank branch .   the gang attempted to deposit # 1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts over one morning on july 23 .   ora had worked for the bank for six years and had her own office .
roberto vitiello hopes sicilian outfit can improve its form on sunday .   islanders have not tasted victory away from home since november 2 .   palermo are 13th in the last six league games .
the pop star posted the image of the iron lady on instagram .   some of her fans offended : ` thank you margaret thatcher ' and a love heart .   she was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time .
richard wilkins , 60 , served in gallipoli as part of the new zealand medical corps .   he tells how having read excerpts from his `` papa 's '' war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran .   dr gabrielle fortune of the auckland war memorial takes richard wilkins through the artefacts of his grandfather george thomson .
rochelle holmes , 26 , was told she had gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits .   she managed to slim down to a size 12 and shed 8st after changing her diet and exercising .   she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and is a size 24 .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday .   with his 40th birthday , david sporting some grey hairs in his beard .   scott ade is a stylist at daniel hersheson .
jose mourinho 's side beat everton 6-3 at goodison park on august 30 .   the blues have been top for 230 days as of friday april 10 .   chelsea currently lead the premier league table by seven points .
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam .   the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from north wales .   all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims .
nicholas broms was involved in a drug-related explosion last november .   at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil , nearly three times the number reported in 2013 .   washington 's legal marijuana law has not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home .
st. charles parish sheriff greg champagne says cpl. burt hazeltine was directing school buses on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orleans .   he was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye thursday morning .   a male suspect was arrested a short time later after a brief ` tussle ' with officers .
harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season .   tottenham striker kane has scored 20 premier league goals this year .   the 21-year-old striker spent time on loan at norwich city and leicester city .
cameron jerome brought down by brighton captain gordon greer during the clash .   alex neil 's record as manager to 11 wins from 16 .   bradley johnson opened the scoring for norwich .
` cro crop ' filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday .   filipovic crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 after a head kick to the bout .   filipovic is confident he can avenge the defeat against gonzaga .
jose aldo and conor mcgregor also dropped a decision to aldo when the two met in february last year .   no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax .   mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the brazilian king and lamas .
jonny may was dropped by england with victory in next month 's challenge cup final .   the gloucester winger could claim their first european trophy since 2006 .   exeter face edinburgh at twickenham on may 1 .
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c .   that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7 c on easter sunday in aberdeenshire , aberdeenshire .   not only will that be the warmest temperature recorded this year , but it will also surpass the average daytime temperature for august .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united .   radamel falcao expected to return to monaco .   robin van persie set to stay at paris saint-germain until his contract expires .
daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom .   the video is titled ` boring office job gopro commercial '   mr williams came up with the idea after seeing other breathtaking gopro videos online .   he has used a gopro camera to capture his regular daily life .
buzzfeed found u.s. census records and selective service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state 's grandparents were born in america .   hillary clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but only one was born outside the us .   clinton made the statment support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants .
the woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran .   her partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare .   alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in water a mile from dungeness point , kent .
fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   just 21 years of age , mccall returned to his car .   it had been parked so near to the blaze .
nicola sturgeon is a prime minister and miliband 's coaching team .   the women ' tv debate debate it was the women .   david cameron is a coaching team for cameron .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity aqwa mist on september 6 last year .   older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful '   gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese 's whereabouts .   the pair were summoned to court on monday in nearby marbella .
mark carney was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs .   the belt is available for $ 64.95 -lrb- # 35 -rrb- at kintec .   he was also wearing headphones and top-of-the range running shoes .
southampton fans are campaigning to show support for their dutch manager ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg .   southampton fans have not wear orange instead of the red and white club colours .   morgan schneiderlin signed a five-year deal at st mary 's for the first time .
antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain .   captured on camera , the adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment the finnish driver took to the skies .   finnish stunt performer spent just three hours up the plan before test flights .
lusitanian toadfish makes five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates .   the fish woo females with long also act as a deterrent .   the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean , can whistle , croak and grunt .
from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford to astronaut neil armstrong .   ed miliband has already posted 45 images of the labour leader .   he has attracted 3,500 followers .
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves .   it has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room .   the brothel 's owner tang was found guilty under australia 's sexual servitude laws .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins .   identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from .   but the problem has been solved by a team of british researchers .
the winner of 2013 's strictly come dancing joins singer foxes , 25 , victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , in the new series of pictures by photographer simon emmett for fashion targets breast cancer .   clancy , 29 , is mother to daughter sophia with husband peter crouch .   abbey says she has been part of a campaign to help women do not have breast cancer .
justin rose won the 2013 us open champion on seven under , third place .   rose bogeyed three of the first four holes at augusta this weekend .   ian poulter is joint third and seven shots behind jordan spieth .
prime minister said the scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ` disaster ' and bring forward its dream of independence .   but he claimed scottish nationalists ` do n't want the country to succeed '   polls suggest that the general election race was still neck and neck .   more than a third of english voters would not see england break away .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the bahrain grand prix .   the british driver broke down in qualifying .   mclaren chairman ron dennis said the engine is not broken .
mario mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow .   sergio ramos and dani carvajal punched him in the stomach .   atletico manager diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for the second leg .
players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria .   syrian journey game has been ravaged by civil war and rise of isis .   bbc 's online game , often leads to players dying and was criticised .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets manny pacquiao in the fight of the century .   the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit .   mayweather was photographed taking the scales for mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight .
leicester boss nigel pearson would have had the ` outstanding ' esteban cambiasso down as his man of the match in saturday 's 2-1 win over west ham .   the former real madrid and inter milan star had not scored his fine goal .   nigel pearson said the midfielder was man with the match .
the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling .   the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries .   a man and a woman in their 20s , who were in the bedroom at the time , are in geelong hospital with minor injuries .
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother following her death from leukaemia .   williamsmith died four months after his mother alison overton lost her battle with cancer .   the teenager from grimsby wore his mother 's favourite bandana around the house .
sierra pippen , 20 , was arrested at the same place on april 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security .   pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on sunday .   police found pippen outside of the hotel on sunday smelling of booze .
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks as burger king and pringles .   four britons detained in turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into syria .   isis fighter jannahtain tweeted this picture of a burger king whopper .   twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics .
brittney griner and fiancee and fellow wnba player glory johnson , both 24 , arrested following a fight at their phoenix home .   several people at the couple 's home tried to stop griner , who is 6 ' 3 , from fighting after an argument turned physical .   griner told police she threw a dog bowl at the wall .
kat lee was assaulted at an adelaide train station on saturday night .   she told the advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .   ms lee 's facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares .
khloe , 30 , recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months .   her sister khloe has been in a instagram posts for her exercise regime .   khloe is now enjoying a gym regime and hair colour .
pew research center survey found 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly .   it also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families .   the survey of teens between the ages of 13 and 17 found that 73 percent had a smartphone and 30 percent had at least a basic cellphone .
harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason are all products of spurs ' youth system .   mauricio pochettino insists it is hugo lloris ' ambition to play champions league with tottenham after he was linked with a move away .   pochettino insists he will not play in the champions league .
maria sharapova and venus williams have pulled out of this weekend 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury .   the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march .   anastasia myskina is also a doubt for the wta stuttgart open .
james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham .   the antigua test will be his 100th for england .   anderson trains ahead of the first test in antigua on monday .
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the ukip leader when they go up against each other in tonight 's televised debate .   the tory leader paid a visit to the kings leadership academy in warrington ahead of the seven-way debate .   ukip leader nigel farage said there will be ` no bodily contact ' during the debate .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements .   the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple .   the couple called for him to be sent to prison and jordan wrote that her daughter was still ` in constant fear of black men .
martina riccioni and antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a horror car crash in perth on april 6 .   the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river .   ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries .   she can not breathe without assistance and is being treated for a broken back , two broken legs and a fractured neck .
mohammed khubaib became the last of a string of men to be convicted of child sex offences against girls in peterborough .   the 43-year-old married businessman , who lived in the city with his wife and children , would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family '   his south african friend manase motaung , 32 , was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation .   his conviction comes on may 15 .
the 37-year-old had been missing since 8:30 am on wednesday morning .   she returned to her home near sydney on thursday evening , and is ` safe and well ' with loved ones .   ms bialek 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page .   ms bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank .
spain 's queen letizia attended conference for rare childhood diseases in barcelona .   former journalist was at the science museum in second congress for childhood diseases .   queen letizia was pictured with perfectly-cut tailored trousers .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday .   louis van gaal has found the best way to win at old trafford .   wayne rooney scored his sixth goal in eight games for the club .
the house in the sea is on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a suspension bridge .   the tiny island in the ocean has a master suite bedroom .   it has a day bed and a window seat , with a four poster bar .
novak djokovic beat gael monfils 6-1 6-2 in the miami open .   the unseeded dolgopolov ranked 65th in the world , 64 points behind djokovic .   novak djokovic and kei nishikori also in the final set .
anderson induced an edge from west indies captain denesh ramdin on the final day of the first test in antigua for his 384th test scalp .   anderson , 32 , broke sir ian botham 's record which had stood for 23 years .   england 's new record james anderson believes he is still improving as a bowler .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s .   the first virgin albums were recorded and branson would use old chapel as a weekend retreat .   branson was setting up his virgin recording business .
samantha crossland escaped a custodial sentence after the # 22,000 she admitted stealing from her employer and friend had been repaid in full .   the daughter of a millionaire lottery winning couple stole over # 22,000 from a children 's nursery has escaped jail - after the cash was paid back .   crossland had even been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane .   but spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor 's wages .
haley fox , 24 , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday .   fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting .   campbell went to his girlfriend 's home on april 8 , to live with ms fox .
david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate sexual statistical claims and separate myth from around the world .   the book sex by numbers : what statistics can show about sexual behaviour was released this week and it 's a most deserving subject to study .   so she is more six inches than men 's part of the human body .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday and managed to save all passengers .   the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy last year .   three of the migrants ' boats were all transboarded onto the italian ships .
the bright yellow advert for protein world has been put up in london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question : ` are you beach body ready '   more than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for a controversial protein world weight loss advertisement to be pulled .   critics of the removal of the adverts has now attracted 45,000 signatures , with some of the posters even being defaced .   katie hopkins , who has a hashtag #everybodysready , said ` chubsters ' is not an
chelsea manager jose mourinho could return to take charge of real madrid one day .   real madrid manager ended his three-year spell in madrid to rejoin his club in 2013 .   real defender has made 25 first-team appearances this season .
billy mcneill was the first british team captain to lift european cup in 1967 .   mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and the first ever winner of the award .   the statue will be unveiled at celtic park later this year .
scottish fa have failed in their to have punishment handed to steve simonsen for breaching betting laws increased .   the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the zero-tolerance rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year .   sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision .
the fbi has cleared the tulsa county sheriff 's department in the fatal shooting of eric harris by reserve deputy robert bates on april 2 .   robert bates says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris while trying to help other deputies take harris into custody .   he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted .
nathan charles has revealed his battle with the disease cystic fibrosis .   charles has earned four caps for australia and will hope to make their world cup squad later this year .   australia hooker nathan charles spoke about his diagnosis with life-threatening illness which affects the lungs , liver , kidneys and intestine .
experts at cardiff university found use of e-cigarettes at least more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups .   almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarettes , far more than had been tempted by tobacco .   only 1.5 % of those aged 11 to 16 said they had never smoked , rose from 5 per cent among 10 to 16 year olds .
former chelsea defender paulo ferreira expects his compatriot jose mourinho to remain in charge at stamford bridge for a long time .   the portuguese manager has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last july .   former portugal international ferreira would also see didier drogba extend his stay at chelsea .
steven gerrard is seen at boujis nightclub in kensington after being knocked out of the fa cup on sunday .   gerrard has just six games left to play for liverpool in the premier league .   the liverpool captain would end the season without a trophy .
andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two-year-old son and her two teenage daughters .   police said gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off .   he got out and dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road .
coles has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about freshness of bread .   it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough and has received a hefty fine .   the falsely labelled bread has an income of around $ 300 million over three years before former premier jeff kennett .
andre blackman , 24 , stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the store .   he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after hammersmith magistrates ' court told he fled from the shop with the # 1,225 jacket .   blackman has played just three championship games for the tangerines this season .
konstantin sivkov wrote earlier this month russia needed new ` megaweapons ' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies .   he said russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the us and force a volcano in yellowstone national park to erupt .   he said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the us .
boeing has issued a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair '   it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on long-haul flights .   boeing 's patent says the ` cuddle ' chair has a personal neck pillow with a hole for breathing and will attach to the passenger 's head rest .   the backpack will have a ` face relief chair , ' which is
chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .   he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 .   he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday .   three of them are from spain and with real and atletico madrid .   barcelona face paris saint-germain in the bernabeu on april 22 .
tony pulis ' west bromwich albion beat manchester united in the premier league on saturday .   eden hazard scored a goal of saves against everton and ross barkley 's penalty .   tom heaton and seamus coleman scored for kevin mirallas in everton 's win over burnley .
u.s consumer advisory group set up use planes with a 31 inch pitch .   economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room .   some airlines offer as 28 inches between each row of seats .
kolo toure admitted a ` sad ' steven gerrard will deal with gerrard .   the former ivory coast international says the team was more disappointed .   the former liverpool defender admitted steven gerrard was sad .
sebastian thrun founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars .   but he said that much like data is now true for full personalities .   jaron include flying cars computers that are implantable into the human body .
mark hamill said he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy .   hamill admitted he was caught off guard when lucas invited him to lunch .   hamill is the first ` star wars ' director in the original star wars film .
rosemary spent a week on grenada .   the only food it imports is milk .   grenada 's seasons are cauliflower , broccoli and broccoli in spring .   meat and fish are as well as our own .
evangelos patoulidis has been linked with arsenal and barcelona .   the belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona .   anderlecht chairman roger vanden is keen to sign manuel pellegrini .
callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a free-kick .   paul mcguinness 's side claim victory in the ` mini derby ' for a match .   paul mcguinness and marcus wood were in the first team .
titled ` we will burn america ' , the video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil .   subtitles claim america ` thinks it 's safe ' because of the 9/11 terror attacks .   the video also forms a showcase of the militants ' sense of safety is a ` mirage ' , it features the beheading of u.s. journalist james foley .
andy murray will be replaced by jonas bjorkman in the us open .   the 27-year-old scot is in munich for this week 's bmw open .   the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling .
lizzy hawker looked down at her holey long johns , clumpy trail shoes .   she had been the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year .   some 26 hours , 51 minutes later , hawker says she 's been britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner .
durham university scientists studied a ` clump ' of dark matter .   the lagging clump can be seen on the left of the central cluster .   dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity .
the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video .   the house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost .   installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps .
agent arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in washington d.c.   he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property .   baldwin was arrested by officers returning to the scene of the alleged crime , on the 3200 block of d street se .   baldwin 's arrest comes two days after a high-ranking supervisor was also put on leave .
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses .   the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex essex .   she has expanded # 39 plus-size clothing range for evans .
japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers next to their daughters .   images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man .   the 37-year-old 's images include .
celtic face kilmarnockat parkhead on may 10 .   aberdeen will play st johnstone in their final game .   ronny deila 's team win fourth successive championship in north east .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences .   the owner of five horses rescued from rising flood waters during this week 's storm of a decade in new south wales .   stud farm owner sonia sharrock , praised her ` absolutely amazing ' brother-in-law , for his feat .
the letter , dated may 7 , 1912 , was sent from white star lines to christopher moody , who died after the titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage .   company bosses demand # 20 - the equivalent of # 2,000 in today 's money to have mr moody 's remains sent to his home in scarborough , and say it will be the family 's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and state that christopher moody will have to pick up the tab from there .   in
freddie gray died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries .   mourners filed into the vaughn green east funeral home for the wake on sunday .   gray died from spinal injuries while in police custody .
habeeb latheef , 48 , told them he needed to place objects in their hands .   the patients had booked appointments with the doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles .   latheef is said to have told the women to turn away from him with their hands behind their backs .
primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey .   the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps .   the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis due to the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .
researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity .   they found obese people fall into one of six categories : clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole .   dr mark green said the ` type ' of obese person they are .   will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight .
kevin theophile-catherine has been on loan with st etienne this season .   st etienne want to sign ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .   the 25-year-old will return to carrow road at the end of the season .
rafa benitez 's side beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league quarter final .   benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli .   the spaniard is out of contract this summer .
beth hall , 24 , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school .   she has gained weight to be a size 8 and studying graphics at university .   miss hall was forced to drop out of university in 2009 after eating disorder .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium .   his team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch .   sumner said he has no regrets about the incident .
hiroshi ueda , a photographer for camera company minolta , claims he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe .   the ` extender stick ' is available on the website accessory geeks for just $ 23 -lrb- # 16 -rrb- .   it was designed for use with new compact cameras using their ipad .
nyia parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland ever since her son was found in a pile of wet leaves in cobb creek park .   police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals .   parler was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person .
time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track .   opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train runs almost entirely within the banks of the mountain .   the jungfrau railway runs around the jungfrau tunnel , built into the eiger and mönch mountains .
mohamed yattara and alexandre lacazette go top of ligue 1 .   french champions paris saint-germain are second two points off the pace .   lyon beat bastia lyon up to 64 points from 32 games .
hull city will become hull tigers if owner assem allam gets his way after the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27 .   owner allam remains keen on changing his side 's name despite fans ' anger .   hull boss steve bruce has revealed allam can make another application to change the name .
one woman wrote a meaningful caption about anzac day but uploaded a selfie of herself in a low cut top .   many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up .   tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day .
ann rule , 51 , is accused of bullying her into giving them more than $ 25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother 's corporation .   prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule .   the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on april 30 .
lucy scott created the book after she gave birth to her first child in 2012 .   scott 's book honestly chronicles the difficult realities of the first year of parenthood .   the book is a new book , doodle diary of a new mom : an illustrated journey through one mommy 's first year .
chelsea are seven points clear with a game in hand over seven games .   kurt zouma and nemanja matic have been pictured in new running machines .   eden hazard and branislav ivanovic take part in leg stretching exercises .
leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus , were killed before the uefa cup semi-final first leg against galatasaray .   a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday .   sneijder launched his knife set online via dutch firm senvi .
charlene fritz , 35 , was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula .   despite being no more than two months old , the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs , and ms fritz had a struggle .   elephant seal pups abandoned by their mothers at one month .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 in the german cup on wednesday .   pep guardiola was ruled out for two months with a stomach muscle tear .   robben is absent with an ankle injury .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , burst into shildon post office and stores in county durham wielding an axe and demanding cash .   but he was foiled after shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry 's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor .   mckerry was dubbed ` boomerang boy ' in the 1990s after he was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times .
in a special episode of the dr oz show , which was pre-taped tuesday and will air thursday .   oz , 54 , says he will not let the 10 doctors who launched a campaign last week to try and get him fired from columbia university silence him .   dr oz will sit down for an interview on nbc 's today show .
two passengers allegedly seen making frequent visits to cockpit during ryanair flight .   two women were believed to be off-duty ryanair members of staff lanyards .   irish aviation authority has decided to probe incident which took place on good friday .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child and his height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years .   but true happiness found the shy brazilian - who has come to be known as ` the gentle giant ' - in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online .   the former gold miner found love with a woman three feet smaller than him .
the gold and silver bars had been loaded in murmansk onto a former irish sea ferry , converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped to take part in a dangerous arctic convoy .   the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during one of the second world war .   the former ferry , hms ulster queen , arrived in greenock after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by german u-boats .
the site of the world trade center in new york was with my aunt when i was 18 .   it was the first trip to new york in january 2001 , eight months before the monument .   sylvain and sylvain have been in coronation street for 12 months .
mitchelle blair , 35 , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture .   blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed .   blair also said alexander dorsey was ` never there ' for his children .
wade lange and his team living dead clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since their new line this week .   with a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie , price from $ 45 to $ 100 , estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the backyard operation .   the men 's items sold out in minutes after launched this week .
john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box at a tampa bay bus stop .   he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen .   helinski was born in poland , but he is an american citizen .
britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade .   conservatives have pledged to return britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of # 5.2 billion in the decade .   but imf warns there will be a deficit of # 7billion that year .
anthony joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 .   he was forced to pull out of a fight against kevin johnson due to a stress fracture in his back .   the british heavyweight is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts .
claudio bravo and gerard pique score for real madrid at the top of la liga .   lionel messi was dropped from sevilla 's unbeaten home record in la liga .   unai emery 's men looked to have ended sevilla 's 14-month .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , a naturalized american citizen of somali descent , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism .   his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in 2013 .   he purchased a one-way ticket to greece , but during a layover in istanbul he failed to go to syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al qaeda in iraq .
the greek island has one of the most popular ports in greece .   the island is in the sporades , east of the mainland .   the film is a second anchor , but it 's the perfect holiday .
institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow # 90billion more than the tories by 2020 .   this would rise to # 280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour is in power .   labour was ' a risk , a risk of jobs ' , said labour .
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .   france international scored three tries in the first six rounds of super league xx on march 20 .   duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the defeat at hull fc .
arsene wenger has told manchester city not to waste their time in trying to sign jack wilshere .   the etihad stadium club are interested in wilshere as they look to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season .   laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury .
john goodwin , of atkinson , shot himself near his car outside a new hampshire courthouse hours before his case was declared a mistrial .   the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse .   goodwin 's lawyer said he did n't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed .
a man driving to work in alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week .   the truck was swiped from the victim on the man 's birthday .   terry proctor of piedmont was captured after a foot chase .
president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools ' day to impersonate a fictional one , house of cards ' conniving frank underwood .   ` hello everybody . this is not frank underwood , ' he said after turning his head underwood , who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey and speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience .
david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate in sunday 's premier league defeat of west ham .   the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week .   silva was carried off on a stretcher after eight minutes of treatment .
dover police say a man they believe to be the ` rat burglar ' who cut holes to tunnel into buildings has been arrested in maryland .   thomas k. jenkins of capitol heights , maryland is accused of robbing 18 dover businesses .   from september 2014 to february 2015 , jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , authorities said .   police say jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled .
air force veteran and former playboy model michelle manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag .   manhart , 38 , was arrested at valdosta state university in georgia .   south georgia university to cancel classes .
the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york , rio de janeiro , stockholm and paris .   the trip will last for six weeks and take place during june and july .   the deadline is april 30 .
didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal .   the ivorian striker scored 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal .   wenger said he do n't know how chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him .
the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea 's silla dynasty .   experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her .   the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last december in hwangnam-dong , a neighbourhood of gyeongju city in south korea .
body parts of becky watts , 16 , found at house in bristol on march 2 and charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder .   becky 's stepbrother nathan matthews is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police .   ms watts spoke of the ` hell ' she has endured since the murder .
calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all scored premier league campaigns .   chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 .   tottenham defender eric dier has impressed in his first season at the club .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league .   chelsea players protest a decision made by referee roger east during a home match with newcastle united .   nemanja matic is held back by kurt zouma and john terry after a red card against burnley .
alexis tsipras met russian president in moscow .   pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects .   but mr tsipras insisted he had not asked for .   greece is a ` sovereign nation '
former prime minister said he did not want to retire until he was 91 years old .   mr blair said he had been ` mentored ' by us president bill clinton when he took office in 1997 .   he said he wanted to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
the white house kitchen garden was the first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the afternoon .   flotus grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy 's recording artists ' coalition award was held at hamilton live in washington , d.c. .   the annual grammys on the hill awards for the awards was grammy-nominated hunter hayes .
the labour leader used a speech to say he will ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms .   mr miliband said non-dom tests ` are not very rigorous ' and can ` no longer be justified '   in january mr balls , shadow chancellor said : ' i think if you will be the country money or a offshore tax haven for a few '   but mr miliband says tests are not rigorous and will pay tax on all uk income .   he said that ` we 'll pay tax
zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge .   the alleged victim was living with stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home .   stickler had sent text messages to friends and family he was distraught and planned to kill himself .
an indiana university was in lockdown late on friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building .   police said they received a phone call from someone saying they had stabbed their roommate at the university , was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building .   manchester university had issued a statement advising students at its north manchester campus , some 36 miles west of fort wayne , to shelter in place .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 .   the new york is expected to fight manny pacquiao 's world welterweight title against frankie gavin .   the new victim has been in camp with trainer virgil hunter .
andy lee won the wbo middleweight title lee in las vegas last december .   it was the first time he had had a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .   lee will leave new york with his head at the end of the 12 rounds .
manchester united beat aston villa in the fa cup third round on saturday .   ander herrera scored his side 's opening goal against aston villa .   manchester united 's third goal against queens park rangers .
cracking is caused by rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones .   one of the study 's co-authors , chiropractor jerome fryer , was used as the guinea pig for the experiment and lent his own knuckles to the cause .   research found that the knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds before the popping sound there is a white flash , believed to be from water rushing together .
the most rev justin welby said the 148 mainly christian victims of the university massacre were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly '   pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter 's square in the vatican .   the archbishop of canterbury said christians must resist without violence persecution they suffer from support .   the archbishop also said the victims are ` martyrs ' in both senses of the word .
west ham are in top 10 at upton park from west ham .   sam allardyce 's side face west ham in the premier league on saturday .   sam allardyce will miss his side 's ` nerves and panic '   diafra sakho is set for a spell with a thigh injury .
andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , indicted on aggravated murder and child endangering charges in glenara bates ' death .   the child had been badly beaten and had bruises , belt marks and bite marks , he said .   bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in july .
amy wilkinson , 28 , has admitted falsely claiming almost # 18,000 in benefits .   she claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner .   magistrates sentenced her to 24 weeks and ordered her to pay costs .
prime minister said the london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief .   comes weeks after mr cameron revealed he would stand down as prime minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month .   mr cameron said the pair were no longer in competition .
alexis sanchez was signed from chilean club cobreloa two years ago .   marino was the manager at udinese 's first team in 2008 .   sanchez spent five years with serie a side udinese .
mario balotelli 's first start in a premier league game since 2-1 .   gary cahill , john terry and branislav ivanovic are three of jose mourinho 's favourite ` back seven ' of thibaut courtois in goal .   jose mourinho says injuries to his strikers have led him to the title .
rory mcilroy beat caroline wozniacki on the 9th hole at augusta national golf club .   mcilroy won his first major in the 2015 masters tournament in 2011 .   the northern irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament is not lookalike harry styles .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her family 's home last october .   she was detained at stansted airport after she returned to the uk from germany .   ozcelik is accused of plotting to carry out a terrorist attack in october 2014 .
richie benaud has died aged 84 at the age of 84 .   he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday .   prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral .
dr zoe waller , 31 , is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules .   she suffers from the skin condition dermatographia .   this is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure .
an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks .   wat pha luang ta bua in thailand 's western kanchanaburi province .   thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary .
anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103 .   tyreke evans had 19 points for the golden state warriors .   oklahoma city also won in minnesota .
madison small , from virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .   the virginia medical examiner 's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered .   medical examiner said it would likely take at least a week to determine what had killed her .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 .   she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims .   mr clark told the store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break 23 weeks into her pregnancy .   her twins were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks .   eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
tim sherwood has two years left on his contract once this season is completed .   aston villa 's christian benteke could be sold in the summer if he wants to go .   the 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six matches .
sarah brady helped pass major anti-assault weapon legislation , died friday at the age of 73 .   the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence said they were ` heartbroken ' at the news of her death , calling sarah brady a ` guiding light '   mrs brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded hand gun that had been left in a car .   the group said the brady handgun violence prevention act has blocked an estimated two million prohibited
julia louis-dreyfus covers marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @work , which is featured in the may issue of the magazine .   julia , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was inspired by none other than hillary clinton .   hillary 's hair has been it as us president for first time in 1993 .
extremist group has already started to convert local markets .   even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market .   no women appear in any of the photos .
more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year - the biggest amount since world war ii .   as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time in this year .   while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be in 2015 .
isis has launched english-language radio news bulletins on its al-bayan radio network .   hosted by a man with an american accent , boasted of isis victories during the day .   broadcast , which begins and ends with traditional sounding arabic music .
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom .   henry , from ealing , reached eighteen stone at his heaviest .   he went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year .
andres iniesta has been unhappy with his fourth assist in europe this season .   the spaniard played neymar for the first goal against psg at the camp nou .   luis enrique 's side are top of la liga by two points .
andy murray , 27 , says ' i do ' with his girlfriend on april 11 .   kim sears , kim sears and matthew williamson are among the stars .   andy murray is the star 's wedding to kim sears this weekend .
diane blankenship , 45 , has been arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year .   she has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery .   her bail is set at $ 100,000 .
one of sydney 's oldest surviving homes is expected to go under the hammer for $ 4million .   the heritage-listed colonial residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , was built by george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten 's work in 1843 .   the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks .
oribe peralta scored in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final .   argentine striker ignacio piatti converted andres romero 's ball in early .   montreal now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg .
michael vaughan spoke with new ecb chief executive tom harrison for an hour .   the ashes winning captain is the favourite for the newly created role of england cricket .   andrew strauss and alec stewart have registered their interest .
wigan winger jermaine pennant scored his side 's opening goal against wigan on friday .   fulham captain scott parker is hassled for the ball by ross mccormack and matt smith .   seven points in the championship is wigan .
guitar hero live features a redesigned guitar , live-action actors and an online music video network .   the game will cast players as an guitarist in a fictitious band .   during its prime in 2009 the guitar hero series topped $ 2 billion -lrb- # 1.3 billion -rrb- in sales but activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped .
the first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x-47b drone .   the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators on the x-47b program .   the drone is about the size of an f/a -18 super hornet .
the video shows traffic moving along a busy street in salihorsk , south of minsk on monday afternoon .   the sandstorm was so thick the city was plunged into darkness during the monday afternoon storm .   the storm also caused electricity cuts and damage to buildings .
ap mccoy will be a spectator for mccoy at the punchestown festival .   channel 4 presenter and tennis fan emma spencer in the fa cup final .   mccoy 's last ever ride at sandown on saturday .
manchester united boss louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson .   van gaal 's side take on aston villa in the top four at crystal palace .   van gaal has scored twice as united won 2-1 at top four rivals liverpool in the league on march 22 .
beautiful dj , 27 , from east london , has worked with and modelled for fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london .   now she wants the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens .   munroe has transformed into a sexy beauty after she was 18 munroe bergdorf was a boy called ian .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane homes .   mr yeaman was granted conditional bail on friday .   he was ordered to return to court on may 18 .
sanjay chaddah claimed dean paton had kicked him and called him a ` p ** i '   police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing .   chaddah , 43 , was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury .   liverpool crown court heard he had been suffering from post-traumatic stress .
on saturday , the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men will follow an hour later .   wilson , 21 , is not up to watch his granddaughter compete for cambridge but will still see the race for the first time .   melissa wilson and her team-mates are from east kilbride .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer during the terra nova expedition of 1912 .   some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of edward wilson , lawrence oates , edger evans and henry bowers .   the images were taken at the expedition base camp of cape evans on ross island .
princess elizabeth gave out maundy coins in the pre-easter tradition .   she was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet .   she was just eight when she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par .   mcdowell is a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship .   former us open champion said he would never consider not playing the masters .
the 283 per cent rise , which comes after it emerged city were increasing cost of some season tickets for able-bodied fans from # 870 to # 1,700 .   they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a re-seating extension .   disabled fans say they are ` disgusted ' with the club after they hiked prices of tickets by # 345 .
leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 at juventus on tuesday .   the decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not clear what happened .   the spot kick was awarded after juve 's alvaro morata got clear of monaco 's portuguese defender ricardo carvalho .
barry hawkins beat matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield .   the 2013 finalist will now play mark allen or ryan day in the second round .   selt won five times in a row for the last 16 .
lindsay lohan says she feels ` at home ' in london and has no plans to return to the uk for the past year .   she is currently in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow .   if she does n't wait for work , she ca n't move to nyc and la .
carwyn scott-howell got separated from his family on a skiing holiday .   he fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents .   investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the cliff .
the video , filmed at an undisclosed location in china , sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road .   the woman had allegedly been taking pictures of her children with her new iphone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped .   he accidentally bumped into the woman 's shoulder and her phone fell on the ground , and the screen .
president obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy '   he wrote on instagram that it was ` truly a great honor ' to meet the u.s. president .   crowds across jamaica cheered for president obama on thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first american president to visit the island nation since 1982 .   obama said he was honored to have met usain bolt .
linda farrow eyewear 's spring summer 15 campaign shows irina get close to jarrod scott .   irina shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while being filmed writhing around a pool with a hunky male model .   the video follows the couple cavorting around an la pool in the sunshine .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , a 3-year-old ex-convict , are n't in nevada , they may be in the los angeles or oakland , california , areas , north las vegas police officer .   patty said phillips and lachaux were sought for questioning , and that no amber alert or arrest warrant had been issued .   the 17-year-old was taken into custody wednesday .   the teen is the mother of the hospitalized child and sister of the dead child .
draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds would ` make content more contemporary '   teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by music festivals , youtube and rap music .   proposals will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games .   exam board officials said children were ` uninspired '   some students will be asked to study review of foreign film .
louis smith will represent great britain for first time since winning two medals at london 2012 .   british gymnast smith won silver and bronze medal at the recent british championships .   four-time commonwealth games champion claudia fragapane is in the women 's team .
lump , which was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes , was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in chelsea to break .   utility companies started to complain about the rancid smell coming from the sewer .   now a # 400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer .
england captain wayne rooney and his england squad went on from meeting at the world cup on tuesday night .   the three lions were beaten in the first half by roy hodgson 's men .   graziano pelle scored in the england squad 's 1-1 draw with italy .
liverpool lost to manchester united in the premier league on saturday .   brendan rodgers ' side beat arsenal in a 2-2 draw in december .   arsene wenger 's manager of the month award for champion 's league .
a man said to be an employee of pizza hut shared his doctor 's sicknote with a friend , who posted it on reddit under the title .   a friend of the employee posted the letter writing their patient for ` sensibly staying home from work '   the unnamed worker , from alberta , canada , came armed with a scathing note from his gp , believed to be pizza hut - a ticking off for its office policy ` wasting his time '   it has now be shared thousands of time online
gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down .   fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans expected to leave .   glasgow warriors are second bottom with just 38 points after 21 games .
medical professionals insist the shortage will not affect immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women .   the adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in australia until july .   infected adults do pose a serious risk for infants and children who are not vaccinated .
the white house said tuesday that nye , who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children , ` bill nye the science guy , ' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president .   on the road trip from joint base andrews in maryland to the florida swamp and back again , a 1,836 mile flight , nye will have to take the carbon being emitted from the president 's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of
manchester city beat shakhtar donetsk 2-0 in the fa youth cup final on monday night .   it 's the first leg of the match at city 's 7,200-capacity academy stadium .   the match will be shown live on itv4 .
leicester go to west brom on saturday bottom of the premier league .   nigel pearson says leicester have no margin for error in relegation fight .   leicester face burnley and sunderland on the final day .
nearly one out of six players will declare bankruptcy within 12 years of retiring from the league .   nearly 16percent of players go broke at about 1.1 percent per year , the same rate as the rest of americans .   vince young earned a reported $ 64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his nfl career .
man set a bouncer on fire after he threw a cup of gasoline on him .   the man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card .   the bouncer was taken to the hospital with serious burns .
teams from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault .   some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink believed to be tied to gangs .   officials from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates .
judy murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit .   but she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , on the tennis circuit by gentlemen .   the ceremony of murray 's home town dunblane .
austin west , 4 , drowned in a pool april 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the yard .   he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson 's final expenses .   the west family are hoping to raise $ 10,000 to cover the toddler 's funeral costs .
mcdonald 's has defended the use of the spikes that deter the homeless from sleeping outside one of its restaurants .   critics say the spikes were put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches .   isobella demartino set up the petition to have them removed .
the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page .   nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter .   winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast .
intel ceo brian krzanich controlling the four spiderbots with a smart wristband .   he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans .   the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel .
stephanie scott has been remembered as a ` beautiful friend ' who brought laughter to her loved ones .   among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother merrilyn , father robert .   the funeral for the murdered leeton school teacher was held in eugowra nsw on wednesday .
henley and partners created visa restrictions index .   latest results based on results from may 20 , 2014 .   north korea and cuba could take bottom spots for restricted travel freedom .
the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence .   he has been put on compassionate leave from his post after the mod considered suspending him .   it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked , but it has post offices at raf northolt .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the miami open final in miami on sunday .   the british no1 beat tomas berdych in the last four .   djokovic has won his last 10 matches against the serb .
graziano pelle has not scored in the premier league for southampton since december 20 .   the southampton striker has scored nine goals in his first 12 matches .   pelle claims his second international goal in his third cap .
fergal o'brien , 42 , has run only once this season .   o'brien spent 18 years working for nigel twiston-davies .   gary moore-trained 2014 champion chase winner sire de grugy runs over two and a half miles for the first time on friday .
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president 's home at 10.25 pm .   brian leary of the united states secret service - said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending .   the 8ft-tall fence is due to be put on the tips of the railings .
kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham win unbeaten start to the season .   bristol city beat bristol derby 1-0 in november .   steve cotterill could be the fourth promotion of a career .
jordan spieth beat justin rose and ernie els in opening round of 64 .   justin rose scored 67 to seal charley hoffman in second round .   rory mcilroy and bubba watson shot 71 .
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol-related problems this school year .   last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in november in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house .   in september , a 19-year-old student , caitlyn kovacs , died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters .   the former world number one has had 36 holes left to play .   if spieth wins the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
a hat-trick of tries from ash handley helped leeds to six points clear at the top of super league .   leeds have now played every other team in super league .   the 19-year-old handley scored six tries in six super league appearances .
tyler walker came off the bench to score first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday .   he has managed just 56 minutes in 408 games for the club .   tyler walker is son of former england defender des walker .
rory mcilroy tees off at the arnold palmer invitational golf tournament in orlando on march 19 .   mcilroy has just one top-10 finish to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods .   mcilroy believes it is ` unthinkable ' that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville .   she says she has never lived in the shadow of her brothers .   tracey was parachuted into the top job on january 21 , 1977 .
harrison stone morley and cleo téa morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20 .   the morley household now has three children under 20 months .   floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .   brent 's father , herbert , received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday .   the former chelsea forward admitted not scoring for the german side .   wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach after saturday 's win .
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century .   it is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india .   it has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and a cellar .
manchester united checked on lazio 's felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain .   the brazilian midfielder has been in strong form this season .   the 21-year-old has attracted interest from psg , manchester city , arsenal and liverpool .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
australian prime minister tony abbott says eu must ` urgently ' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean as they seek a new life in europe .   prime minister matteo renzi said his country was ` at war ' with migrant traffickers .   eu leaders are expected to double funding and equipment for eu border-patrol missions off the north african coast .
jessica silva visits the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain to him why she had n't stabbed polkinghorne ' i would have been dead .   he also admitted that his son 's abusive ways , mr polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead .   last month she walked free from court .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor , who claims to be fighting with islamic state in syria , posted a video on youtube in an attempt to incite violent acts in australia and new zealand .   taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers .   police in new zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack .
comical printed cards were handed out by men to women they found attractive .   one was referred to as the ` calling card ' and would be used by gentleman .   rhyming couplets appeared to have been rather popular in the 19th century .
transavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps .   customers who buy one of the products before the #snackholidays promotion ends on april 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe .   passengers can already fly to barcelona , lisbon or dublin from paris orly airport from $ 40 to $ 65 .
the number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades .   at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast .   funeral costs have already risen by 80 % over the past ten years .
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal on sunday .   falcao replaced belgian marouane fellaini with seven minutes to play in the win over manchester city .   david moyes said smalling and jones had to go to van gaal for his first season at old trafford .
the large hadron collider was restarted today after being turned off for two years during a major renovation project that cost # 100million .   the lhc is situated underground below the border between switzerland and france .   it was shut down two years ago - so that its energy levels could be almost doubled .
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday .   the 34-year-old was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks .   hingis won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 and had the world due to injuries .
shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in homs and show the two accused men being executed by up to four jihadis .   huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing .   they were forgiven of their ` sins '   images reveal by isis sympathisers .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 in the monte carlo masters .   the spaniard is a champion at monte carlo .   nadal will face john isner in the third round .
serbian referee milorad mazic has said officials from ` lower leagues ' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games .   the brazil international criticised mazic 's display after the goalless draw at the vicente calderon .   miranda was cut by an elbow from sergio ramos .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property .   the boxer has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 , also handed over his passport to authorities .   haye has been unable to leave the united arab emirates .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in iran .   warned that if women did not wear the hijab they could cause some men to become homosexual .   islamic cleric dehnavi has preached that women must provide sex to their husbands at all times .
ander herrera has come through a testing first six months in english football .   the spaniard scored twice in saturday 's 3-1 win over aston villa .   louis van gaal did not rate the # 29million summer signing from athletic bilbao .
mariel hemingway has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides .   as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway , she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan ' .   her grandfather , ernest hemingway killed himself just months before mariel was born .
florida police officer shouted : ` get on the f ****** ground or you 're dead , ' moments before he shot a mentally ill man as he was running away .   lavall hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother , catherine daniels , called police to take him to a mental health unit .   hall 's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in miami
the u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran would limit iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon .   the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran , with talks between top u.s. and iranian diplomats at a united nations conference in new york .   kerry and zarif reconvened at the upper east side home of iran 's ambassador to the united nations on the timing of a conference on the
motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential earl street , northampton , at about 2pm , just hours after part of a london pavement collapsed , swallowing a pedestrian .   police closed off earl street and causing traffic chaos to a water main .   the hole opened up in the road without warning .
currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone .   government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges .   charges will end from july 1 under proposals by ofcom .
fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event .   state broadcaster rtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in pamplona .   the corporation caved in after the town 's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme .
muslim engagement and development have claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the general election .   the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour .   at least one election candidate is said to have been approached by a high-profile muslim and offered campaign money in return for back the group 's ` muslim manifesto .
the novelist , who died in 2014 aged 90 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3,500 years old .   now the collection is to go under the hammer at auction house in london on thursday .   nine lots are expected to fetch # 5,000 .
jack wilshere was given the ` honour to interview the legendary pele '   both wilshere and pele are clients and the england international made twitter questions from fans .   brazil legend scored 77 goals in 92 games for brazil .   glenn hoddle , pele and wilshere are all 10ten talent .
raymond yeung claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay .   vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of ambiguous beast .   it was reportedly captured the animal in a steel cage .
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles .   cardboard cutouts or waxworks were on cover of fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band .   cardboard assistant was given 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the band .
domanik green , 14 , has been accused of accessing the staff member 's laptop at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing .   he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day .   green was suspended for three days last year for a similar act .
richard iii 's skeleton found under a car park in leicester was described by william shakespeare as a ` poisonous bunch-back 'd toad '   but research on the king 's skeleton revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis .   richard iii kept the disease that curved his spine secret through out his life , which caused one of his shoulders to be higher than the other .   but a 3d reconstruction of king 's spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of his spine to the
brendan rodgers ' decision to ignore lambert sue off lambert 's career .   england striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season .   rickie lambert missed out on saturday at west brom .
nikki kelly started to feel cramps in her stomach , and gave birth to son james .   she had no idea she was expecting , and had even kept her size eight figure .   baby james was born in ` three pushes ' and her partner aaron swallow , 27 , have now made an offer on a house so they can all live together as a family .
kim kardashian married rapper kanye west in may last year .   her daughter north will turn two in june , a bath will have her lipstick ` all over her face '   her one-year-old daughter north west wear ` mini-me styles ' and kanye tour armenia last week .   the 34-year-old mom is obsessed with make-up and shoes .
pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ` sumo salad '   his paleo cookbook for infants had been delayed over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .   pete evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` bubba yum : the paleo way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .   the book is set for release online .
nico rosberg will play sebastian vettel third on the grid in china .   rosberg was only four-hundredths of a second behind the briton and will start second .   german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .
arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league .   arsenal were made to fight for their eighth win in a row at turf moor .   sean dyche 's side are two points from hull city and aston villa .
sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week .   ` if you believe in state sanctioned murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c *** and can f *** off , ' one post read .   the band said it was ` thinking of andrew chan & myuran
the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club .   woods announced on friday that he will play next week in the masters .   woods will be playing at the masters in augusta next week .
scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables .   he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light .   scott jumped out of the car fled the scene and was shot multiple times in the back by officer michael slager .
a group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate '   last week after 12 christian men from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea .   survivors from the boat have claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion .   yeboah , from ghana , said the men threw three of his friends and six others into the water .
karim benzema will miss real madrid 's clash against atletico on wednesday .   the french striker has 15 la liga goals to his name this season .   carlo ancelotti said ancelotti is ` the best coach in history in his first 50 games '   gareth bale was injured in five minutes at the bernabeu .
christopher stefanoni , 50 , from darien , a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $ 200,000 , says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one .   his son demoted in the local little league to punish him for helping the town 's black population .   his son was banned from coaching .
road rage victim shahnawaz was declared dead at lok hospital .   two children , 13 and 13 , beat father to death over father 's rescue .   no one was in the incident .
retailer lord & taylor partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress .   the bloggers received ` unspecified compensation ' in return to wear the paisley-print , handkerchief-hem summer dress .   the move is an $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress .
chinese-born yingying dou , 30 , ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities .   university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website .   but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .
yamini karanam , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after she was struggling to comprehend things she had read .   known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare .   in the past , teratomas have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , feet and limbs .
emanuel , a former white house chief of staff notorious for his management style , was forced to campaign across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia .   the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .   emanuel had about 56 per cent of four other candidates in a february election .
david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he wins the election .   individuals will be allowed to buy up to # 10,000 worth of lloyds shares still held by the government after gordon brown 's # 20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers ' money .   the shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time , with the proceeds used to help pay down the national debt .
bilal skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at goulburn correctional ccomplex in nsw .   he was sentenced to 55 years ' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in sydney 's southwest .   skaf was one of 14 muslim lebanese australians who went on a rampage of raping australian women and teenage girls in sydney .
noelle baynham 's dogs started to eat her remains after being locked in the house for days .   it is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication .   friend grant donovan made the ` horrific ' discovery of her after she failed to answer the door .
andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , drove their vans away from site .   former allegedly tried to muscle in on mr bretti 's patch in july last year .   mr bretti was chased by younger rival andrea trunfio over disputed site .
cassandra cassidy had been trying to help two women ` afraid of males in a car ' outside a rehab centre .   she was shot as a car by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died in hospital .   ms cassidy had just arrived outside the addiction recovery centre .
twitter users describe their own realistic reactions in the pages of books and in films .   the rise of the young adult heroine has revealed .   many ya heroines have their lives turned upside-down but never from any teenage ailments .
the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm .   the youngster says to the waiting female doctor ` oi ! hello treacle '   his mother kate the commoner is called to assess his condition .   newzoids starts wednesday at 9pm .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside .   charles and camilla married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall .   the new image is the work of top photographer oliver dann .
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear , your palm or any other body part you want to use to access your device .   the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras .   salt connects to an app on a user 's android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet .
the building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool .   housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences .   rooms have been stripped from doors and brick walls .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .   footage shows him towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path .   the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28 .   the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team .   manziel was ` doing great ' in rehab .
seattle seahawks beat green bay nfc championship .   jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle .   russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at .   bennett says he 's on his team .
channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins ' arrest when she was the only journalist outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 when he was released on bail .   the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park in perth .   first class constable daniel jamieson is said to have been dating ms dirksz at the time .
women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package .   this widens to up to # 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy .   new research from reed.co.uk found female applicants state their ` anticipated salary ' as # 19,900 , on average .
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately .   law graduate lois roberts said that surgery to correct her short-sightedness left her in agony and she suffered from dry eyes after she had the laser treatment caused by damage to the nerves .   the consumer group says it is now time for the industry to be taken to task .
cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world .   guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in kiev , ukraine , for the same price as a club sandwich in zurich .   eastern europe boasts six of the world 's 10 best value destinations .
carol chandler , 53 , is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 .   she allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school st paul 's in barnes , south west london .   chandler appeared at southwark crown court to answer charges of historic sexual abuse .
judge charles wide qc described it as a ` large-scale criminal enterprise '   he offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to face-to-face customers around the world .   the gang has been jailed for three years and 10 months .   proceeds were laundered through more than 100 bank accounts .
rafa benitez has reached his seventh major european semi-final in 12 seasons .   napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the europa league semi-final with four teams .   benitez 's first season at the club was 6-3 aggregate victory over wolfsburg .
natasha jonas , the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games , has announced that she will retire from boxing after a successful career in the ring .   the 30-year-old took on katie taylor of ireland in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at london 2012 .   jonas has announced her retirement from the sport .
ken doherty is the first women player to play sheffield 's crucible theatre in the world snooker championship .   the former world champion was a winner on thursday night with a wild card to compete with 127 male players .   doherty won the world championship qualifying match against doherty .
the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man .   chokal-ingam admits that his sister did not support him during his social experiment and asked him not to do it .   he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .
ricky hatton says manny pacquiao has the style to beat floyd mayweather .   hatton expects mayweather will find a way to win on may 2 in las vegas .   the hitman says floyd jnr will ` stay away from our own amir khan '   ricky hatton is trained by floyd snr .
naunihal singh , 54 , woke up great-grandfather ujjal singh , 63 , and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter-in-law 's home .   naunihal was jailed at manchester crown court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder .   monty was arrested on suspicion of murder .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old .   the elderly man called the police and told them that hilbert slapped him in the face so hard that she knocked out a contact lens .   hilbert was taken into custody on march 25 of last year for possession of cannabis and resisting an officer .
linda macdonald , 55 , was arrested on monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she ran off route 5 in dummerston , vermont .   but when officers smelled alcohol on macdonald , she posted a .10 blood-alcohol content - above the state 's legal threshold of .08 .   macdonald was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol monday night .
surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an indian man with a genetic disorder .   it was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -lrb- adpkd -rrb- last year .   this was 20 times bigger thanit should have been .
researchers found evidence in rock deposits from ancient rivers in colombia of the land bridge that connected the long-isolated landmasses .   the two continents are linked at panama , but there has been a debate about when this land bridge formed at least 10 million years ago .   the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean .
tracey neville is now in charge of england netball coach kevin sinfield .   tracey neville has played for england in the cricket world cup .   colin graves is the new ecb chief at the world cup .
as darkness fell on the beach in hokota , coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached .   others were being carried back to the ocean .   workers use a crane to remove one of the 146 melon-headed whales that died when beached in hokota .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday 's 3-1 defeat at home to spurs .   the 31-year-old has twice beaten testicular cancer .   carver said gutierrez was left out for ` selection reasons ' before he was axed following a heated exchange with carver .
guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of # 135m over three years , a # 5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays .   the premier league has turned down a bid from guinness to replace barclays as the title sponsor .   the fa have failed to find an ` in association ' fa cup partner this season .
a set of stone flakes shaped more than 3.3 million years ago could be the world 's oldest tools created by early human ancestors .   it means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ` man '   many experts have long believed it was the use of stone tools by early species of homo like homo habilis and homo erectus that helped set them apart from other human-like species .   homo ergaster first thought to have appeared in africa .
vatican medics told francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk , like his predecessor pope benedict xvi did .   the pope has been told by doctors that he must lose weight , it has been reported .   they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the catholic leader .
` new zealand 's worst ever drink driver ' has been released from prison .   he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel .   he has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving , assault and dangerous driving .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars .   he stood before his church to beg for someone to adopt him , and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .   on wednesday she was formally adopted by his former caseworker connie going end of a long road .
clare van santen , 37 , was pregnant with her fifth child , elijah , now aged nine .   when she was 15 weeks pregnant she was told she had breast cancer .   the perth woman learned in october 2013 her cancer had spread to her liver .   the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal .
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national .   creamer won the 2010 women 's us open , first floated the idea on twitter after jordan spieth 's victory at the masters on april 14 .   creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april .
rifaat al-assad , 77 , was kicked out of syria ` with nothing ' 30 years ago .   he went into exile in europe after failed coup against brother hafez al assad .   mr al-assad has spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury homes .
a recipient yesterday on reddit , demands a $ 63.99 water table from walmart , a $ 14.99 play tent , and a $ 7.99 cheerios book .   she lists guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them .   the invite was shared on reddit .
lee keeley , 38 , grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest at lincoln county court , after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter .   the 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in january .   he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey met at villa park on tuesday night .   sherwood and sherwood were forged over four years at queens park rangers .   sherwood and ramsey 's relationship included charlie austin and harry kane .   premier league clubs live 10 minutes apart in bedfordshire and buckinghamshire .
jessa , 22 , and her husband ben announced the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com .   the baby is due on november 1 - ben and jessa 's first wedding anniversary .   the pair have married after their first child .
a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world .   one parent on the # a ** hole parent thread popped up on instagram .   most of the photos show children crying in their high chair .
luis suarez scored his second goal for barcelona in the champions league quarter final .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his last 11 games .   suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice .
everton manager roberto martinez has rejected claims he is stubborn in his tactical approach .   the spaniard has come in for criticism for everton left-back shane long .   everton striker arouna kone was at goodison park on saturday .
ed miliband refused to confirm that harriet harman would become deputy prime minister if labour wins the general election .   the snub comes three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power .   mr miliband also refused to guarantee her the role .
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old .   the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005 .   the couple tied the knot six years ago this month .
memo for members of congress states damningly that ` the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda '   memo also warns that uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament .   dated april 2015 on the impact of britain 's general election .   the ` special relationship ' between britain and the us was strong under margaret thatcher and ronald reagan .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games .   the red devils have won all five of their premier league matches .   van gaal has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances this season .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool .   harry redknapp insists sterling is not ready to move to real madrid .   former qpr boss said sterling should focus on his football .
javier hernandez scored against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final .   the mexico international broke down the goal of his life on wednesday night .   real madrid are hoping to buy the man united star 's loan permanent .
sweden 's fab four in waterloo , belgium in eurovision song contest winner .   if benny and bjorn had paid a visit to wellington museum in waterloo .   boney farmhouse from the lion 's butte du lion .
oklahoma university student kelsey higley made a video entitled ` manipulation ' which showed her body digitally altered according to beauty trends .   at its most extreme , kelsey 's body has a tiny waist , large breasts and large eyes .   she even digitally alters her face , making her eyes appear much bigger than they are .
james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas condemned manchester united 's performance against everton as ` toothless '   red devils manager louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire .   gary neville has slammed united to their third successive premier league loss at goodison park on sunday .   kevin mirallas scored everton 's final goal in 3-0 win over united .
labour will launch a billboard advert using the image from the famous 1979 ` labour is n't working ' poster , but instead it will warn : ` the doctor ca n't see you now '   it will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago as they lose access to appointments outside of office hours .   shadow health secretary andy burnham will say ` nhs crisis ' as patients try to put the nhs back at the election campaign .   labour will
england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in antigua with seven wickets .   alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first test .   captain cook was out for 13 after test taylor delivery .
lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up against newcastle .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland .   wes brown has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee .
aston villa beat queens park rangers in the premier league at villa park .   tim sherwood scored his three goals in the second half of the season .   ciaran clark and carlos sanchez appeal for offside .
nigel farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament .   mr clegg was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with ed davey where he met seven - months-old elise popperwell and her mother melissa popperwell .   the deputy prime minister was heckled by anti-tuition fees campaigners .
one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers .   experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed .   easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france .
the prime minister made the comment on itv 's this morning .   co-host amanda holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads .   mr cameron admitted the ` close election ' he is not getting to see his family .
tesco is under pressure to axe 200 stores after the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of # 6.38 billion .   over the past 20 years tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores .   britain 's biggest retailer made a profit of # 1.4 billion on sales through the tills across the world to the end of february .
sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in honor of equal pay day on april 14 .   the 44-year-old , known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's new ask4more campaign .   ' i think the best person for the job should get jobs , she says in the video .
wayne rooney has enjoyed a good record against manchester city .   the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals .   louis van gaal will be hoping his side can earn a four-point gap over city .
dorian poe , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure .   inspired by the story of a girl who sent her teddy bear in her place .   sent tikko off on the first leg of his back in january 2013 .
young people represent the largest societal bloc in iran , with over 63 per cent of iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 .   the iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the islamic world .   the young people in iran are even seen wearing the stars and stripes .
manchester united will offer robin van persie # 5million to quit this summer .   the striker has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract at old trafford .   italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move .   radamel falcao and javier hernandez are expected to leave in the summer .
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club .   the king was the first man to birdie both the final two holes in augusta national to win the masters .   9 sandy lyle , 1988 .
pedro has started only 12 league games for barcelona this season .   the spain international has been linked with a move away from barcelona this summer .   barca coach enrique has started the club this season .
rona fairhead will stand down as director of hsbc while continuing role at bbc .   the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period ' before leaving the bank 's board .   she was last month fined # 1.2 billion for breaching american money-laundering laws .
the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the young dog over to the bed of the decking .   its mother tracy , the mother of the german dog with her nose .   kali , the german shepherd puppy is at a walk back after kali was adopted .
jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city .   verna fisher was jailed for 18 years imprisonment and brothers kellman and sempler were each handed 13-year jail terms .   lewis will be sentenced later this month .
towie star james ` arg ' argent was also in the crowd to see hall score with his first touch .   towie star jake hall scored for non-league side boston united in their conference north match with tamworth on monday .   hall 's friend and towie co-star chloe lewis scored boston 's second goal .
the black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage several days in a row , nosing through overturned receptacles .   residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators .   officials with alaska 's department of fish and game ruled thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved .
light aircraft crashed in the punta cana region of the dominican republic .   four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain .   all seven were killed when the plane crashed at about 8.15 am today .
the fa will charge # 250 for every subsequent year of renewal .   the fa is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register .   fifa recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries .
former pub landlord michael thorpe has had his conviction for illegally showing foreign footage of premier league games overturned after eight years .   he was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in november 2006 at the stoke inn in plymouth , devon .   he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches .
maxwell morton , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 after mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face .   morton 's lawyer and family said he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys .   thomassey says morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via snapchat as ` proof ' after the friend refused to believe it .
rotherham beat brighton to just two points behind the visitors at the aes seal new york stadium .   matt derbyshire gave rotherham the lead against brighton .   ben pringle and brighton were both impressed for the game .
hairdresser tain yeh , 42 , said the dog grooming trend is in taiwan .   edward scissorhands 's fur cut in a square square salons in taiwan , taiwan .   the new dog has a pet pooch shaped into a square .
chrystie crownover told gma on monday she watched her ex-husband bruce jenner 's diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children .   chrystie crownover , 63 , told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years .   bruce , who has a son burt , 36 and a daughter cassandra , 34 , identified as a woman during a prime time interview with diane sawyer on friday night .
judge john koeltl said in a decision that the ad is protected under the first amendment .   he said he was sensitive to the claim that the poster could incite violence .   koeltl 1 , mta 0 the same advertisement ran in san francisco and chicago in 2013 without incident .
bubba watson took to twitter on saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working with his caddie in china .   watson pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver as it was dropped from a height .   two-time masters champion watson 's form at the european tour event .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday .   the kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to manoeuvre .   the team were forced to fly only half of it .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 3-0 in the champions league on saturday .   fernando torres scored his first league own goal in the 4-0 win over eibar .   diego simeone 's side now face real madrid on tuesday .
jason cotterill , 42 , sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse .   a court heard he emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page .   cotterill knew his victim from childhood and told her lover she did not want to see him again .
martin vargic has created a chart that shows how the constellations have changed from 50,000 bc to 100,000 ce .   martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future .   many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions .   experts claim prolonged sales can encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .   figures show a third of all fashion purchases are made in a sale or promotion .
hsbc was criticised for refusing to grant the # 250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished .   financial ombudsman service found it ` relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age ' in the case .   hsbc was ordered to pay # 500 to the couple for their ` distress and unfair application of its age policy '   hsbc rejected a # 250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband to be too old .
youtube user joe penna , based in los angeles , and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project .   with the help of schweikart , the pair produce the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots with a lot of rubik 's cubes .   the animated video features a robot building a spaceship and zoom off into atmosphere .
leicester city defeated west ham united in the premier league on sunday .   leicester city hero king is joined by david nugent after the welsh midfielder 's late winner against west ham .   west ham have punish the foxes as senegalese international cheikhou kouyate .
property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by 3.6 per cent over the next year .   it follows last year 's record price hike of 17.4 % in the capital .   london homes will also suffer no more price falls in the foreseeable future .
two weeks ago the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children .   he asked his daughter florence about her fairy costume for world book day .   cameron said he did not want a third term as prime minister .
stuart broad backed his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in grenada .   england bowled west indies out for 299 .   broad took three wickets on day two at st george 's .
the event was an attempt at the world 's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento .   500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters .   the hunt was raising money for victims of human trafficking .
charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas .   the 29-year-old recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of edward gal with american steffen peters in third .   her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year .
the animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her and raised the alarm .   using only ropes and wooden poles , more than 20 villagers and police teamed together to free the wild asian elephant before she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion .   the elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern china .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets as young as 15 , during the army interview and screening process .   he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas , who he isolated and ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them .   she was in the uk on a student visa and mee told her she needed to renew her passport and asked if she worked as a prostitute in uk .
youssouf mulumbu cast his vote for the pfa player of the year awards .   the west brom midfielder has picked harry kane and eden hazard for the top award .   congo player posted an image of his voting slip to twitter on wednesday .
maps were designed by the eco experts using the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures .   the region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals .   madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals .
mike fitzgerald has helped the waikato-based chiefs win two super rugby titles .   leicester rugby director richard cockerill is set to follow waratahs wing peter betham .   the new zealander will be a leicester tigers lock next season .
the 44-year-old academy award winner was at barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ` randi rhodes ninja detective '   but before the night was over people , angel guzman stormed out of the store in disgust , acting like an ` ungrateful b **** '   spencer , who won best supporting actress for her role as minnie jackson , a maid , in ` the help , ' is currently in the film ` insurgent '   spencer was at
kim rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters in southampton .   he was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of ` treating '   he has now criticised the ` absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation .   mr rose , a jeweller , questioned over allegations of bribing voters .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored 109 in 211 games for psg between 2003 and 2008 .   the paris saint-germain star has played in the all-time record books .   ibrahimovic is ligue 1 's top scorer in his first season with 30 goals .
sue townsend , author of the bestselling adrian mole books , left # 1,106,163 in her will .   she was followed by seven sequels selling in more than eight million copies .   ms townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust with her second husband .
grant shapps has been accused of changing wikipedia pages to promote himself and damage rivals .   david cameron defended mr shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ' a great job '   mr shapps has denied the claims they were part of ` an extreme dirty tricks campaign '   mr shapps suspended an anonymous user of the site as ` completely false and defamatory '   tories said story was run by mr shapps or under his ` clear direction '   wikipedia pages with esther mcvey have been
prince harry 's former girlfriend chelsy davy was seen laughing with friend irene forte at the launch party for new london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden .   zimbabwean davy wore a white layered chiffon top and as she was seen with zip-detail on the ankles .   davy was spotted at duke of northumberland 's estate syon park .
justin rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the masters at augusta national .   former us open champion has not been outside the top 15 on his last three .   the ryder cup star has finished 10th , 15th and eighth .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have sold out within minutes on friday .   tickets for the pair 's face-off went on sale from the mgm property box offices in las vegas on friday at 3pm .   mgm resorts box office said to be with calls with ryan o'hara .
the loose women panellist aired her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers .   now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .   as the market for plus-size fashion consumption , alice dogruyol , founder of all-inclusive denim brand .
flight et607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from guangzhou , china when it had to divert to mumbai 's primary airport twice on the same day .   it made an emergency landing in mumbai due to engine trouble .   the plane was forced to turn back as it flew over the arabian sea .
all guests on the new virgin 787 dreamliner routes will be able to check in free of charge and share their location and photos with their friends .   first selfie spot will go live on birthday girl , the first of its 787 aircraft to be purchased .   the app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat .
mary doyle keefe became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell 's iconic painting .   rosie the riveter was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 .   her family said he modelled her body on michelangelo 's isaiah .
saudi arabia 's leadership is furious that siti zainab 's family was not notified before her execution this morning .   the domestic worker was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death .   she was on death row for over 15 years while saudi arabia executed domestic worker siti zainab .
smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india .   her hair now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- , more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player in the indian state of uttar pradesh .   ms srivastava 's hair was documented at 6ft -lrb- 1.8 m -rrb- in the limca book of records .
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 in the champions league .   javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts .   real madrid are just two points behind barcelona .
aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win publication 's annual ultimate guy search .   he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway .   the competition aims to find a man on the cover of men 's health .
the four-bedroom property in central london 's farm street is on the market for # 25million .   one hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of london 's trading streets .   it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century .
mertesacker limped off during second half of fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley .   per mertesacker is not expected to be fit in time for sunday due to ankle injury .   mertesacker was substituted around the hour mark by gabriel paulista .
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 .   the couple spent two years over a # 2.20 parking ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .   they say they were not let off the fine .
sheffield wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on tuesday night with 1-0 win over brentford .   tom lees is in line to offered a new deal at sheffield wednesday .   lees goalkeeper kieren westwood is among contenders for the club 's player of the year award .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket .   the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two flu .   experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for .
the graves were found on the late saddam hussein 's presidential compound last wednesday .   the first of the 12 mass graves on the banks of the tigris river were found at the late dictator 's compound .   islamic state fighters have attacked ethnic and religious minorities .
the images were captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles -lrb- 45,000 km -rrb- away , show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties .   the latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active .   in infrared , region 1 is cooler than rest of surface .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe , bruce jenner is now fan of crowe 's upcoming film aloha , which stars an all-star cast that includes bradley cooper , emma stone , rachel mcadams and alec baldwin .   jenner asked crowe if he had to show her from the movie in october 2014 .   crowe is set to discuss his transition in an upcoming inter with diane sawyer .
education secretary nicky morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start ` mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system .   it comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not ` helpful ' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an ` influx ' of migrants .   immigration is expected to look at how migrant children perform in exams .
michel vorm is set to deputise in place of hugo lloris at burnley on sunday .   france international lloris will stand in at turf moor .   the 31-year-old signed from swansea in the summer .
atletico madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday .   the two giants from the first leg of the quarter-final at the vicente calderon .   miranda 7 is the third time real madrid will play for in the second leg .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois on saturday afternoon .   officers were called to reports of an argument .   the firearm went off and howell allegedly pointed it at another teenager .
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter 's hospital in chertsey , surrey , but died from a head injury the next day .   her mother , kirsty lee , appeared at guildford magistrates ' court today alongside her boyfriend alistair wayne bowen , 35 .   the pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child .
tim sherwood has urged ron vlaar to prove his worth as the club aims to stay up .   vlaar starred in holland 's run to the semi finals last year .   vlaar has only made 12 premier league starts this season .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson allegedly brought the inmate into the control where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .   the case follows that her colleague lisa curry , 39 , sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd after emerging from the water .   the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back - but ends up being chased away by the infant 's angry mother .   photographer duncan fraser captured the encounter on his way back to camp at dusk .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out .   ' i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable ' he said in a tv interview and said the magazine has risked its reputation by not disciplining sabrina erdley , the reporter who wrote the story .   professors from the columbia university graduate school of journalism would have been
homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs .   four years after the 2011 colonel gaddafi 's hold on libya , he was hounded out of tripoli .   he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 .
hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london made the disovery .   they worked together to build a model for this ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial .   hiv infects cd4 + t-cells which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases .
britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome .   other experts warned that a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power .   mr whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 .   the gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than # 8.3 m , have never been found two years earlier in berlin .   in a case that one of 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of stones .
liverpool beat aston villa 2-1 in the fa cup semi-finals on may 30 .   steven gerrard 's final game in a liverpool shirt would have been midfielder 's birthday .   gerrard 's performance at wembley was also by brendan rodgers ' side .
clayton donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season for birmingham city .   birmingham city defeated arsenal 1-0 in the championship game on wednesday night .   reading scored seven minutes from the end in the first half .
ben stokes was denied his first test wicket against australia in 2013 .   the durham all-rounder 's front foot went the line to alastair cook at slip .   stokes said he had england 's fifth wicket of the day in antigua .
mark ray , 56 , waged a year-long campaign of terror against ms jackson , 28 , just over a year ago .   now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray but says she lives in terror of her new address .   ms jackson was subjected to vile abuse and was stalked by her neighbour .
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car .   the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to his chest and a deep wound .   fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years .
martina levato and german boyfriend alexander boettcher , 30 , planned to throw ` corrosive liquid ' at men she had previously been linked to , it was claimed .   the 23-year-old was reportedly a student at milan 's private bocconi university , also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car in may 2014 .   the couple was detained on december 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend pietro barbini .
for silvia , star of the series my pregnancy , suffered from pica during her third pregnancy .   she wanted to eat rocks from out side of her house .   in the discovery tv show my pregnancy silvia revealed how she suffered an eating disorder .
ricoh women 's british open in july is turnberry and a media day for the best teenage golfer in britain .   charley hull can play 18 holes with charley hull .   two former world no 1 's lorena ochoa and laura davies .
video shows her boyfriend got down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a mcdonald 's restaurant where she works .   last year , mcdonald 's in hong kong said ` we are in mcdonald 's ' and calls for free happy meals for the couple .   the man , who is wearing her uniform , and fries .
the reportedly painful method involves participants over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up .   the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate jenner 's bee-stung pout .   works by way of the airlock created in the glass or jar .
jay z launched stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service was described as a flop .   his social media diatribe comes as reports claim tidal is being sabotaged by rivals .   ` we may not be perfect - but we are here for the long haul , ' rapper and businessman tweeted in ` stream of consciousness ' messages .
daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family .   he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday .   prime minister tony abbott said benaud 's death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman . '
ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoor in the grand national but will not ride in the scottish national .   mccoy will retire next week .   richard hannon says he is confident cheveley park stakes winner tiggy wiggy will at newbury .
baby boom generation will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades .   it predicted numbers of deaths in britain have been falling for 40 years .   at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast .
west ham have announced a five-year deal with umbro to supply their kits starting next season .   umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s .   west ham last wore an umbro strip between 2007 and 2010 but have a long affiliation with the brand .
jcno , the bucket hat , is set to be the brand 's first ` rave ' jeans .   it has the worst offenders , and it is the first time in the world .   jnco , a bucket hat and calvin klein t-shirts are all the worst .
indianara carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special '   the image , just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the easter weekend , attracted more than 750 ` likes '   the photo was one of the miss bumbum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary to her instagram account .
sian lloyd is the cycling mecca of the world .   the tour down under is a major part of the international cycling season .   adelaide is a former f1 grand prix in melbourne .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee .   as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of paul 's face .   ` it 's ok honey , ' his mother says .
a supervolcano in yellowstone national park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day .   a magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels and now researchers have found the source in a secondary magma chamber deeper underground .   the yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world .
koby hodder suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground .   he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break .   he was diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer fabrice muamba .   mr muamba was ` effectively dead ' for 78 minutes and had to be 15 times before his heart restarted .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france has just been placed on the market for # 703,400 .   the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land .   the property features its very own swimming pool and has fortified stone walls and entrance .
rev. robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said .   in 2013 he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his esophagus and was sold to the roman catholic diocese of orange in 2011 .   schuller lost a legal battle the following year to collect more than $ 5 million from his former ministry for claims of copyright infringement and breach of contract .
steven davis believes southampton have an advantage over spurs .   the former argentina defender led saints to their best ever premier league points last season .   tottenham are the only current premier league side have failed to beat since premier league return in 2012 .
matthew kenney , 34 , told police he smoked flakka before he streaked on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers .   kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance .   flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth .
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours .   the april 18 event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park and ended in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center .   venues in 15 cities in the us , uk , france , spain , italy , brazil , taiwan and the philippines all appeared in the event .
lyon returned to the top of ligue 1 table after 2-2 draw .   lyon beat bordeaux 2-0 at the stade pierre mauroy on sunday night .   lyon are level on points with champions paris st germain .
paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus .   the italian champions had met psg president nasser al khelaifi in monte carlo on tuesday .   psg have also criticised an intention to bid for pogba .
helal abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets in east london days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet .   the race was won by lutfur rahman , 50 , who has been accused in a high court case of rigging his re-election victory last year .   mr abbas lost the election by 12,000 votes .
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united as a teenager .   the manchester city captain and winner of two premier league titles at the etihad stadium .   kompany admits that his mother ` everything has played out perfectly ' after he was in the premier league in 2008 .
the serbian world number one has been the first man to win the season 's first three masters title .   rafa nadal won 17 matches on the bounce during the monte carlo masters semi-finals .   nadal will win a sixth consecutive french open this year .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in la liga on sunday night .   jeremy mathieu scored a lump of grass from the floor of busquets .   the celta vigo striker scored a red card on the neck .
ashley doody was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons .   she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is in jail on $ 1,000 bail .   doody is engaged to be married to mark sawyer and has been since may 2008 .
jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box jump .   the houston texans defensive tackle released a video that shows him making an incredible vertical leap .   on monday they had signed the nfl star to a shoe endorsement deal .
polish father may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not recall his own name .   he was found without identification , taken to hospital after he arrived at the polish consulate in central london yesterday afternoon .   he is being cared for at london 's st thomas ' hospital .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , of gresham , oregon , was arrested on sunday after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene .   police were called to a gresham road at about 8.30 pm on saturday night , she was found dead .   the woman calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old jerrie ann horning .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 .   police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro , maine , on saturday night .   the pair had argued inside the home after currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl .
the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president .   lesbians4hillary by pioneering tennis great billie jean king said : ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion '   king , who was outed as a lesbian in 1981 , was a leader of the group ` women for hillary ' in 2008 .   hillary clinton did not support gay marriage .
elliot daly is handed his player of the month award by wasps director of rugby dai young .   the uncapped wasps centre , 22 , scored two tries in march as england 's world cup hopeful joseph hard for his champions cup spot next season .   daly was offered a contract with surrey cricket for the world cup .
david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and lips had turned blue .   an ambulance service has apologised to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators .   ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency .   john and carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act more ` butch ' and delete the instagram account they share .   the couple have over three years in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene .
iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , sci-fi and action film directors .   fans will likely recognise the national park as game of thrones , interstellar or prometheus .   clint eastwood opted to battle scenes for both letters from iwo jima and flags of our fathers in iceland .
queensland police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath in surfers paradise .   snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia '   mr harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found within a month .   biosecurity queensland officers released the reptile into bushland at southport spit .
professional model emily , 25 , from shropshire , gets paid # 100 an hour .   she 's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for bosch .   the 25-year-old has only been modelling for a year .
churchill downs has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees .   selfie sticks are n't allowed inside yankee stadium .   some english premier league teams make the devices off-limits .
one of the men pleaded not guilty friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services '   barrientos barrientos wed was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force .   barrientos , originally from the dominican republican , lived with her partner and two children in the bronx until her arrest in february .   barrientos was legally married to at least four people at the time .
the yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week .   almost a third of women turn to a cuppa saying they put the kettle on when they are feeling down , compared with just 11 per cent of 55 and overs .   nearly a quarter of 18 to make them feel better .
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent .   four current and former brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013 .   the championship club are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players , inform and prevent pip programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given in law .
the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the event on july 1 , 1969 , but behind prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for welsh independence would target charles .   the files show wilson 's government approved plans to send officers from the met to wales to run a secret unit .   the targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups movement for the defence of wales .
a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck .   the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped holden commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car .   one woman claims to be a passenger in the car pleads to save her boyfriend .
sharky jama has reported been shot dead in syria while fighting with islamic state .   somali broadcaster ibrahim mohamed said he had spoken with the family on wednesday who told him sharky had died after being shot .   the jihadist 's father had been told by sharky 's friends that the worst had happened .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
when the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow .   but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad 's days are wrong .   within the first 24 hours of apple 's launch the company sold 300,000 units , nine incarnations of the ipad have gone on sale .
adele sarno , 85 , has been living in her two-bedroom apartment since 1962 when rent was only $ 150 a month .   her landlord is the italian american museum .   she has lived there for more than 50 years received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $ 3,500 a month , far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes .   the boxes are often severely burned and damaged in crashes .   some are pulled from the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters .   mr milstein 's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities .
matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury .   dean marney and kevin long remain on the long-term absentee list .   taylor has n't featured for the clarets since august due to a achilles injury .
ba van nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of saigon on april 30 , 1975 .   his three young children and wife out of the city and into the south china sea saved by the uss kirk .   nguyen was able to fly a chinook , the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army .
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores on sunday morning .   lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online .   mrs pulitzer 's daughter liza wanted a beach chair but missed out .
the series is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell .   deadline reports that the show is set to premiere this summer .   the show 's concept is based on after seven years of marriage .
cesc fabregas was booed by cesc fabregas in the final minute .   the arsenal midfielder was booked for diving .   arsenal are third in the premier league .
the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts who posted it to her social media account .   the note was left in a chip shop window on twitter this week .   owner of the chip shop said he has to go youth hosteling with his family .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city .   the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer .   toure will fight for his city career this summer .
lisa skinner , 52 , has been identified as estranged husband bradley skinner , 59 , after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. after he was shot and take him to a waiting ambulance .   a woman , thought to be mrs skinner , is handcuffed on the ground .   police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife .
roy keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver .   keane did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court on wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer .   he is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to mr kerar .
aluel manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash at a melbourne lake were eaten by crocodiles in the water .   ms guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital .   mr manyang said his daughter was expected to make a ' 100 per cent ' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days .
ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , was imprisoned for four years and nine months .   the girls , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties .   oxford crown court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media .   the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail .
paul converted to christianity after seeing a bright light and a divine voice .   they say descriptions of paul 's experience may have been a meteor .   dr william hartmann , co-founder of planetary science institute in tucson , arizona .   more than 12 pieces from lake chebarkul since february 15 incident .
kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at ronald reagan ucla medical center on april 16 .   abdul-jabbar , 68 , had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease .   the successful surgery , performed by cardiac surgery chief dr richard shemin , cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer 's heart .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist '   ` apes were never meant to drive so stop , ' said one of the notes .   she has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans
the british sandwich chain 's new concept is called ` good evenings ' , and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only for now at its branch on the strand in london .   pret a manger allows customers to order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware .   burger king has launched its summer menu .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick .   video footage shows the pup pakak on her back with a tennis ball .   pakak 's owner says she loves playing with balls .
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer .   noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her mammogram were normal .   the mother-of-three from derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side .
dharahara tower in kathmandu , nepal , was damaged in saturday 's earthquake .   unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city .   pawan thapa , 21 , was filled with tourists and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy '   one rescuer said they were taking photographs of themselves and friends .
robin van persie won ` the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen .   raymond van persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel tv .   but van barneveld was 2-0 up and end his unbeaten record .
gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce .   they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement .   insiders claim there were no problems with money or custody of their 10-year-old apple and moses aged nine .
jack andraka is 18 .   he was born in 1997 with his brother and family .   at home , he was bullied as gay , aged 13 .
levar jones has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a subway café .   mr jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license and was hit in the stomach .   sean groubert has been sacked as a state trooper , and charged with felony assault over the shooting .
real madrid striker javier hernandez scored twice in real madrid 4-2 win over celta vigo on sunday night .   hernandez has now scored a goal every 83 minutes .   real madrid manager carlo ancelotti says the striker is on current form .
james gregoire was killed following a late night ` altercation ' in clacton , essex .   he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man , who was named locally as james gregoire .   officers have closed off a large area of clacton town centre .
harry kane has twice been named player of the month during his campaign .   eden hazard has scored 17 times in 44 games for tottenham so far this season .   kane has hit an impressive 29 goals in the england squad .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her canterbury branch .   she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining of a jacket .   the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday .   he then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the minivan cut off the car .   adkins claims he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian .
stuart mccall admitted being wowed by murray park in the days after he replaced kenny mcdowall .   the club 's # 12million training facility is on the public pitches at dalziel park he was forced to make do with .   stuart mccall insists he 's loving life at rangers .
amber phillips says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will when she became so ill she was not able to work .   ` the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away , ' she told dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012 .   connie phillips fought her two sons owen and ethan phillips at the time .
working men did just two hours of house work each day , which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired .   but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden .   women who did not work did an average of 6.8 hours before their husband 's retired .
bounkham ` bou bou ' phonesavanh suffered burns to his face and had nipple blown off in may incident .   his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million .   bou will be paid to bou after he reaches 18 .   $ 137,000 to bou bou 's father for his personal injuries .
oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of chelsea 's last 11 games .   chelsea are four points clear of arsenal with two games in hand .   nemanja matic is set to be restored to the chelsea midfield for west london at qpr on sunday .
sky bet championship side rovers were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night by brendan rodgers ' liverpool .   blackburn manager gary bowyer believes the club should brace for interest in their players .   bowyer is no stranger off interest .
chris ramsey is a only black manager in the premier league .   ramsey has been linked with a hospital pass by qpr .   ramsey has scored just once this season .
the monarch , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .   the queen is reportedly reluctant to wear one because of her hair .   the queen has been encouraged to wear the safety hats .
when poppy smart was wolf-whistled at first tried to ignore it .   but as the whistles and said it made her walk to work in worcester city centre an ` awful experience ' , miss smart contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment .   west mercia police said miss smart 's complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding .   she has closed her store , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in two days .   the owner of an indiana pizza restaurant was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater gay marriage .
jodie barden , 28 , has shaved her head in order to raise money for a cockayne syndrome charity .   she is mother to ella and one-year-old chloe , who both suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 .   mrs barden has already made arrangements for both daughters ' funerals with her husband .
` pessie ' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become loch ness .   the fish ancestor roamed earth 's freshwater lakes during the paleozoic era .   the ` wings ' led to the pectoral fins seen in modern fish .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system .   ` kimi is the man ' , he said .   rosberg has out-qualified and finished ahead of nico rosberg .
andy murray beat tomas berdych 6-4 6-4 in their australian open semi-final .   the czech republic star is through to sunday 's final of the miami open .   murray will be world no 3 - next week to be murray 's first masters level final .
retired engineer dave tyler captured incredible solar images from an observatory he built in his back garden .   the amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near high wycombe , including solar prominences , coronal loops and solar flares .   tyler first became interested in astronomy after the first episode of the bbc 's sky at night in 1957 .
kate temple called a ` homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner .   three women got into a scuffle and temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear .   kate temple was jailed for 20 months after she admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm .
nigel pearson has taken advice from wilkinson , who he played under at sheffield wednesday .   foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games .   the foxes host swansea on saturday and will escape the drop zone .
oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater , which can have chemicals , heavy metals , salt and radioactive material .   scientists determined this based on where and when the earthquakes happened .   there have been more than 950 magnitude 2 or higher quakes so far this year .
the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the academic year .   law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .   this week a 16-year-old from gateway high school in kissimmee , florida , was arrested after she told him to ` shoot and kill ' every american .
the tesla model s p85d has created a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in june .   the vehicle is currently in development and has yet to reveal its range .   drive eo was the first to enter and complete the dakar rally with a hybrid electric vehicle .
a 12-year-old boy from nanchang was saved by a car parked underneath the building .   his father , the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking .   the 12-year-old boy was on top of the car while sleepwalking .   the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt .
jonathan brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series .   he broke clear of the field by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53 .   world champion javier gomez took third .
late-sleeping lilly pulitzer 's lower-priced collection for target sold out by target 's lower price point .   customers re-selling this $ 34 maxi dress were available on ebay for under $ 100 .   a $ 150 hammock for $ 799 and a $ 30 tote bag was posted .
the comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of ed miliband during the election campaign .   poll of marginal seats by former tory lord ashcroft suggests ukip 's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day .   it also suggests education secretary nicky morgan is set to hold her marginal seat on the campaign trail .
doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults .   it overturns the medical consensus that newborns ' brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain .   but the new findings suggest it is possible to see pain ` happening ' inside the infant brain .
atletico madrid beat valencia 2-0 in the champions league on saturday .   antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season .   valencia are two points behind atletico madrid but do have a game .
a dismembered body discovered at a flat in wales has been identified as tracey woodford , police said , as a man was arrested over her murder .   the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with .   her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' around 3pm on friday afternoon .
75-year-old john goodwin , of atkinson , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault .   the former student testified he did n't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed .   court officials say goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound .
indonesian president joko widodo failed to return australian pm tony abbott 's phone calls about the bali nine in march .   prime minister tony abbott said australia will withdraw its ambassador to indonesia in a diplomatic response to the executions of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan .   he visited nusakambangan on wednesday hours after bali nine pair were executed with other drug offenders .
shigella infections , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to dominican republic , india or other countries .   outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults .   the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a domino train to pot four balls .   it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes .   in less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .
the 75-year-old man believes he stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course .   the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf .   palmer united party leader clive palmer gave the victim some advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on monday .   glenn murray fired the eagles before jason puncheon scored a 2-0 lead .   manuel pellegrini 's side had lost his last eight league matches against city .
nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance .   the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low .   coverage gains from 2014-2015 translate to about 3.6 million fewer adults uninsured since the fall of 2013 .
brendan rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players ' own .   the reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation made a goalless draw by sky bet championship side blackburn in the fa cup .   rodgers insists a drop-off is more to do with the opposition .
a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day , also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs .   as the worst weather in five years night the field was flooded with inches of water .   the rain was heavy at monday night 's nrl game between cronulla sharks .
greg gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on sunday night before they headed to a nearby pizza shop .   the 28-year-old wyong roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at gosford hospital .   mr gibbins is expected to undergo surgery .
gwyneth paltrow will live on just $ 29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york 's food banks .   the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account .   ` our style edit is an with lustrous , ' she said .
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia .   his friend fredrik schenholm photographed his exploits .   after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in november 2012 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold , 43 , after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home .   arnold 's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave near williston , north dakota .   co-defendant lester van waters jr. was sentenced in december to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide .
passenger planes from emirates and etihad were traveling in opposite directions between the gulf and the island nation of seychelles .   the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds .   etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised .
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to give real madrid into a 1-0 lead against eibar with a 21st minute free-kick .   ronaldo had not scored a free-kick since last march .   real madrid had n't scored a la liga free-kick in over a year .
police were forced to separate the reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in melbourne , after clashes turned ugly and several people had to be treated by paramedics .   companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification .   several figures show the halal sector could be worth $ 1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
rory mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 .   mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national .   mcilroy is the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .
candice swanepoel has appeared in max factor 's latest beauty campaign .   silver screen legend marilyn monroe was awarded an mbe for marilyn monroe .   candice as her muse , ms mcgrath , ruby tuesday .
diane mclean says she and daughter rose , 8 , and twins james and annabelle , 5 , had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the disaster .   her four-bedroom rent-stabilized apartment at 45 east seventh street went up in flames .   dr mclean , 58 , and her three children lost ` everything but their lives ' when fire destroyed their apartment last week .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago but khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life .   mansi 's sister hiral shah , 32 , stepped in and offered to carry the couple 's baby - and after ivf treatment , gave birth to krish three weeks ago .   mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 , but the boy was born with brain haemorrhages .
top two sides in group b meet at cardiff city stadium on june 12 .   belgium and wales have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side .   wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer is a 33,000 sell-out .
airport luggage conveyor belt passed down onto a lower conveyor belt .   the red and black case is used at airports all over the world .   it is believed to be an international airport .
david beckham completed the race , raising # 6,000 for charity .   beckham , wife victoria and their two sons ran the london mini-marathon .   romeo wore race number 1081 and represented chelsea region .
poor visibility struck between svalbard and ice camp barneo on saturday .   moody , 36 , is part of a team of nine sportsmen and royal marines .   the team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25 c and -50 c as well as dragging 60kg sledges .
presenter fern britton revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones .   phil vickery , 53 , claims she knew the marriage was never right .   phil vickery will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month .
arshdeep kaur , 14 , and her mother shinder , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them .   the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her and mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault .   mrs kaur , 38 , and son akashdeep singh , went to visit mrs kaur 's parents .
blackburn beat liverpool 1-0 in the premier league on april 19 .   gary bowyer was in ` shock ' after eastwood scored a last-gasp draw .   jordan henderson believes liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup victory at blackburn .
liverpool midfielder joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons .   liverpool 's gary neville and captain steven gerrard are five points off fourth place in the premier league .   brendan rodgers ' side face manchester united at anfield on saturday .
riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to th e app .   friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video .   it is available for free on ios and android .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve their # 10million berkshire mansion .   a cinema room is now an ` expected ' luxury in properties worth over # 10million .   cinemas can cost from # 100,000 and says ` home cinemas ' in the dark basement .
obama said cyber attacks ` pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the united states '   obama said hackers working in china and russia target america 's defense contractors .   he said new sanctions would ` go after the worst of malicious cyber actors '   obama took aim at russia , china and iran .   plans to impose sanctions on ` critical ' american networks .
holocaust survivor eva kor was injected with a ` deadly germ ' groening .   groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .   mrs kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness .
greg scott had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school 's head basketball coach .   less than 24 hours after the diagnosis , the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather .   for the past eight years , scott was diagnosed with leukemia .   leukemia is a type of cancer that form new blood cells .
29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat .   54 per cent of women believe they have too much alone time is the best part of being single .   more than half of the population claim ` the one ' is their biggest priority in life .
armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg .   the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was a xenophobic attack himself .   his cause of death was found as a direct stab wound to the heart and his phone found in his life .
new book was compiled by paolo tinarelli and paolo tinarelli .   the two men visited first flea market in rome .   enrico says italian glamour is not ` sophisticated or artificial ' book .
a shrine created in memory of those killed during the crash .   patrick sonderheimer , 36 , tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot andreas lubitz , the pilot of the doomed flight .   mr lubitz had left the cockpit in the hands of his co-pilot and tried to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe .
hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money donors to her family foundation , an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim .   peter schweizer there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial clinton foundation and rewards emerging for donors .   the claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 are laid out in clinton cash .
a 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the titanic is expected to fetch around # 80,000 at auction .   the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 .   it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete # 15million move to old trafford at end of season .   germany centre mats hummels has made 39 appearances for germany .   hummels and gundogan likely to be in red for united next year .
a third of parents said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep .   there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice 's ice ice baby .   more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
fernando torres spent three-and-half-seasons at the english club in 2011 .   the former england striker has scored four times since january this season .   torres has played with some great players over the years .
the family of a us contractor held by al-qaeda militants , warren weinstein , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release .   foley 's mother diane said that officials from president obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son .   the obama administration has denied making any such threats .
typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon , causing troops in the philippines to be put on alert today .   as it moved over the pacific ocean , the storm generated winds of more than 140mph -lrb- 225km/h -rrb- .   it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday or sunday .
james paul harris , 30 , pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety .   on monday , a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months in prison for beheading another man with a guitar string after a plea deal .   prosecutors allege harris kept gerety 's head for months for some type of religious practice .
pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers .   the retired hairdresser prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours .   grandmother-of-three pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack at a manhattan bar and also was convicted of rape in 1992 .   bellevue men 's shelter residents are 12 of the 13 known convicted sex offenders living at the shelter just one block from a special needs school .   convicted of having intercourse with an 8-year-old girl in columbus , ohio in 1994 .
45 per cent said they had a painful back or neck up from 28 per cent last year .   86 per cent warn children as young as 12 are seeking treatment .   gadgets get smaller , users lean over them more .
fiona steane , 50 , is 50 and has 4ft long hair and vanessa thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in of hair .   the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise .   supermodel twiggy stood up for older women with long locks .
spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to shawn and chris spieth .   spieth stormed to a final round of 70 to cap off the way to his first victory at the masters in 1997 .   the 21-year-old is the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters .
nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto .   the ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in ukip manifesto .   it includes several photographs of the party 's top team .
nick clegg urged supporters of rival parties to help stop alex salmond in his tracks .   former scottish first minister hopes to make return to commons as mp for gordon .   lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland , with treasury minister danny alexander .
lashings of baby oil used to keep aidan turner 's hit bbc sunday night series poldark .   aidan , 31 , very ` definitely ' did not wear mascara to show off his chest hair off .   aidan 's chest hair was shot for bbc comedy drama being human .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina .   his attorney andy savage said slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail .   slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first .
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england .   former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart .   the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website .
richard branson 's virgin airline is the place most australians want to work for .   desk jobs in australia 's most attractive employer awards .   more than 50 per cent of participants in the top ten places australians would like to work .
blackpool are in talks to sign thomas piermayr .   piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .   the former austria under-21 international has never played in england .
los angeles judge richard fruin jr. awarded shelly sterling most of the nearly $ 3million she had sought to be returned from v. stiviano .   stiviano 's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when donald sterling was separated from his wife .   tuesday 's ruling comes a year after stiviano 's recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks .
the illume arclighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes .   its inventors are raising money to put the lighter into production on kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .   illume arclighter replaces a traditional flame with a high intensity electric arc that focuses its energy at the tip .
an indian salesman is facing seven years in prison and a fine of up to one million dirham - for allegedly cursing islam and the prophet mohammad on facebook .   the 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials s.g. - is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq last july .   if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years a jail .
historian david starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not ` assume the status of victim '   he said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence .   men were either ` very bright or very thick ' but denied he is sexist .   david starkey also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence .
` visualize you ' processes an image of you to reveal what you 'd look like if you were thinner .   visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you .   users are shown an original and a slimmer version so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight .
nicola bonn , 34 , from london , started a candid blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy , 14 months , and many of her posts have gone viral .   she wanted to share all that fellow mothers would n't feel as ` clueless ' as she did .   one of her blog posts said she is the best and most life changing thing .
diafra sakho was forced off against stoke city after 59 minutes .   the west ham striker has scored 12 goals this season .   sam allardyce 's current deal expires at the end of the season .
maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month .   russia captain anastasia myskina , a former french open champion , has been confirmed to play for the russia team .   four-time champions russia and germany have met only twice in the collapse of the soviet union .
paul guzman of fairfield , california , was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside monday morning .   his parents , paul and suzanne , are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident .   suzanne refused to let them in , and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home .
# 60 million of public money pledged by boris johnson and george osborne - # 30 million each .   they want lawmakers to look into misuse of public funds .   local campaigners call for parliamentary inquiry into judicial review .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday .   jermain defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland 's challenge .   former tottenham and west ham striker set to take the challenge .
marli van breda , 16 , suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family 's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia .   doctors say the former presbyterian ladies ' college student has no memory of the incident .   she is able to walk and talk - and still has her sense of life .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow .   her dog mitzy was taken to a local animal sanctuary and re-homed .   the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family .
alec stewart has expressed his interest in new director paul downton .   the former england captain has not yet been approached by the ecb .   the ecb 's favourite for the post is michael vaughan .
lian doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis because he had been paid # 1,500 by the victim 's ex-lover .   doyle , 24 , pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after she admitted disposing of her boyfriend 's shoes .   robertson was jailed for life after being convicted of murder .
brendan rodgers said raheem sterling was still young and ` sometimes makes mistakes '   liverpool were a ` superpower ' in world football and did n't have to sell their star assets .   rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club 's consent and ` surprised us all '   sterling admitted he was ` flattered ' by interest as his contract talks are put on hold .   click here for all the latest liverpool news .
ambra battilana , 22 , accused harvey weinstein of groping her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office in manhattan on friday night .   the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland .   weinstein gave battilana the $ 227 sixth-row-center-seat ticket during their friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show .
the tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property in boise , idaho .   they treated the birds with oxygen masks and both are expected to survive .   officials have yet to track down the birds ' owners .
sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .   just 250 jars are being produced at # 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity .   duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with launch of her honey .
the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february .   the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments .   some of the instruments were found to contain blood and human matter .
edinburgh welcome back three scotland internationals for sunday 's european challenge cup quarter-final with london irish .   dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford were all rested for last week 's guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli .   the trio have been recalled by head coach alan solomons .
president obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq .   mr. abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u.s. weapons during his visit .   white house spokesman said the iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting .
co-pilot andreas lubitz is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit .   he says any number of causes could have caused the crash in the alps .   the french alps tragedy occurred on the flight between barcelona .
price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men .   it is entirely legal in almost every state in the us .   women 's version given more than a one dollar mark-up , and was priced at $ 9.97 .
five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since january .   dna evidence reportedly links ghlam to murder of aurelie chatelain .   he was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with kalashnikov assault rifles .
daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo out for chelsea at stamford bridge through injury .   wayne rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against chelsea .   louis van gaal 's side take on manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
the video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd , sweden .   it spins quickly to the ground for a minute and a half before crashing into a field .   the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height .
bernie ecclestone has confirmed azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix .   the mercedes driver has won three of the opening four races this season .   the race will be held in the capital of baku .
new research by the mail on sunday reveals just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals .   qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot .   cash payments made from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam .
philip hammond pledged to protect falklands from ` argentinian bullying '   legal action against three british oil firms of working without permission .   it follows provocative speech by president cristina fernandez de kirchner .   argentine government said it was taking legal action .
michael cheika 's side will face england and wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in september .   england 's pack demolished australia at scrum-time during last november 's 26-17 victory at twickenham .   matt giteau could be a scrum at the world cup .
profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and they rose again in 2012 .   the company has experienced more challenging times than its appeal to ` sloane ' market .   the fashion world is for the use of luxury fabrics with more cashmere and silk mixes .
labour leader says the bobby on the beat is ` at risk of disappearing '   labour leader ed miliband said the police are ` struggling to keep up ' with rise in child sexual exploitation .   labour claims tory cuts had allowed rapists and violent criminals to go free .   lord stephens is investigated over disputed allegations of cover-up .
christian englander , 30 , was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico .   on thursday , he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a santa fe bar .   the 30-year-old , from santa fe , appeared to be drunk as he sat near the stage .
green party has set it to music , with new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage .   designed to show that tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   video shows ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano .
the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families .   lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012 .   one would contain 120 two-bedroom and three-bedroom homes for low-income families .
jurgen klopp 's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games .   dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb bender on tuesday .   sven bender says borussia dortmund need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games .
lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition .   he would be one of the snp surge set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 .   one plan is to keep the 42-year-old mp inverness mp as chief secretary to the treasury .
holly beard and steve hancock tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year .   before she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat .   holly , who has since left her job , was left mortified and crying in the toilet after being humiliated .
the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 .   his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found .   cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire .
bayer leverkusen defender emir spahic could face a lengthy ban .   video footage shows him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards .   spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury .
huge increase in demand for coloured stones , such as sapphires and rubies .   demand has seen value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years .   experts say diamonds are not a value of more exotic gems .
tottenham have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season .   chelsea are also set to travel abroad after the season .   manchester united manager louis van gaal has called for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer .
waheed ahmed , 21 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was held at birmingham airport in early hours of this morning .   he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night .   ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1 .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court .   the two australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations on thursday .   attorney-general hm prasetyo has declared the move by the pair 's lawyers as a delay tactic .
raheem sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism of his contract stand-off with liverpool .   the england international has been abused , even by his own fans , over his decision to put deal talks on hold .   sterling is one of europe 's most sought after young players .
tunisian centre-back stuart mccall believes rangers will need cool .   rangers boss has sent bilel mohsni to opposition fans .   rangers face raith on sunday in the premier league .
knowledge about lyme disease is increasing and it is known to wreck lives .   vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks .   over half , 54 per cent confessed they did not know that lyme disease , a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites affects their pets as well as themselves .
mark selby demolished gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open on sunday .   world no 1 selby demolished neck of his career and # 85,000 in prize money .   selby , who won the german masters title in february , won sixth ranking .
manchester city are keen for pep guardiola to be their new manager in 2016 .   the manchester city director of the champions league has not yet to decide .   guardiola has scored ten matches in six appearances as a coach .
arsenal face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .   steve clarke believes his players can go to wembley and play arsenal .   the royals face premier league arsenal in crunch clash .
out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine , while another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked .   venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly , and discoveries mirror a spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse .   634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year , a rise of 20 per cent in a year .
20 per cent of people suffer with single mouth ulcer .   mouth ulcers can impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are affected .   crohn 's disease can be mouth ulcers .
cher lair from north carolina did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .   she and her husband , stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter .   lair said she was expecting a little lady on monday .
james rodriguez needed surgery after breaking his foot on february 4 .   colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games for real madrid .   rodriguez is expected to start in real madrid 's attack on sunday .
a team of scientists at rice university in houston may have developed a new device to ease the pain of an injection .   but for around 20 per cent of the population , the doctor 's skin prior to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds .   three first year students , including greg allison and mike hua , has a prototype prototype .
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition .   allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls and fondling a third girl .   prosecutors say allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13 .
sweyne park school in essex , essex , fined # 120 after bailiffs were called in .   after they did not pay , court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding # 1,230 .   the boy 's grandmother , from benfleet , appealed unsuccessfully against the fine .
yulia tarbath , 33 , stuck to a vegan diet - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day .   took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to daughter elaine , who weighed a healthy 7lb 5oz when born .   yulia started the day with eight mangoes .
mark west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 .   the girl admitted to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student while working at spring high school in spring , texas .   west apologized to the court saying he made ` bad decisions made on impulses ' and was being ` selfish '   he was sentenced tuesday to four months in jail after pleading guilty to the improper relationship .
memphis grizzlies player marc gasol and a special needs child shared a quick chat and a high-five after a game .   gasol was walking back to the locker room after his team won when he stopped to talk with a young fan on the sidelines .   last year grizzlies player zach randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special .   the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice .   arenson posted an image of fridenburg wearing a white t-shirt on instagram .
the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson and will get a new name .   splendour of the seas will be transformed by thomson , and launched in 1985 for carnival cruise lines .   it has been sold off in 2009 .
up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak .   survivors described running for their lives as a ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp .   at least 65 britons across the region were unaccounted for last night .
tracy walters , 48 , died after her husband ian 's car veered off m1 motorway last year .   church treasurer accused of killing his wife of two years after relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands .   walters veered off on way back from unsuccessful ` make or break ' trip with his wife tracy , leicester crown court has heard .
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber 's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august 2 last year .   today , the 29-year-old , from epsom in surrey , dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie .   he was released on bail but banned from a roof gardens nightclub .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new views of the two brightest spots in a crater about 57 miles -lrb- 92km -rrb- wide .   the hubble space telescope has found more than 10 on the surface .   but experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots .
the settlement of aogashima in the philippine sea has 200 inhabitants who live in the rest of the world .   the island was separated from the mainland in 375 ad by an earthquake .   monemvasia monastery in india is hidden on a cliff to a cave in the zanskar region .
the cruise ship , owned by royal caribbean , is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer .   the 101 in southampton docks will be its home port for the summer season .   the new ship has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using ingredients .
us basketball star thabo sefolosha blamed nypd officer for breaking his leg after they forced him to the ground and arrested him .   sefolosha was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week on the same night that indiana pacers player chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the oak club in chelsea , new york .   he was left with a broken right fibula and will miss the rest of the games this season .
schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons .   mps had a duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools .   christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs .
porto manager julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against bayern munich .   bayern are also without javi martinez and mehdi benatia .   germany captain bastian schweinsteiger returned to team training on monday .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday .   the singer 's manager colonel tom parker had it ferried in his $ 10,000 suit .   it is making for presley 's former home-turned-museum .
heston blumenthal 's fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler .   his london eatery , dinner by heston blumenthal , also scraped through into the top 25 .   experimental chef grant achatz has three michelin stars for his chicago restaurant alinea .
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app .   users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you do n't have signal .   each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached .
tracey cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone 's attention on how to use your peepers to signal sexual interest .   eye contact of more than ten seconds between two people has ` caught your eye '   spring is the season for four-and-a-half and it 's raises our heart rate and blood flow .   the nervous system is a face for four and a half .
arsenal 's chief executive ivan gazidis says he is ` not happy ' that club are not going to win the title .   the gunners have n't won the league since 2004 .   gazidis says the premier league is not happy with second place .
manny pacquiao sang and directed the music video on his facebook page .   the song ` lalaban ako para sa filipino ' translates as ' i will fight for the fillipino ' and will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the american mgm grand on may 2 .   multi-talented pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the video .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former prime minister sir john major will today ignore warnings .   former scottish secretary said talking up the threat posed by the scottish nationalists was ` short-term and dangerous '   sir john will say labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs .   package would cost taxpayers # 148billion over five years .
emad sahabi was playing for his club al orubah against al shoalah .   the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees .   al orubah suffered a gruesome broken ankle break .
mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria .   it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .   the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb .
nbc 's committee investigating the alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by brian williams gave to jon stewart about the arab spring .   williams said he caught the eye of the lead mounted government soldier before violence at cairo 's tahrir square .   williams was suspended in february after allegations he lied about being in a helicopter shot down in iraq in 2003 .
sebastian vettel returned to the team 's factory at maranello last week .   the ferrari 's first victory in 35 grands prix at the malaysian grand prix in shanghai .   vettel is hoping to return to a friendly discussion with jenson button .
arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday .   gary lineker , alan shearer , jason roberts and ian wright win the bbc 's coverage at wembley .   bbc presenter lineker will present the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast .
ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia .   it is believed the pair boarded a plane from new york to germany on march 22 , violating a custody court order .   they were last seen at berger 's home when kaia 's father dropped her off .
graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner .   the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by mr phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife .   the couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with two fractured vertebrae .
david marshall stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ` jealous ' of her friendships .   the pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house stoke-on-trent in november last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife .   eni mevish was killed by a sex offender who stabbed her while out jogging .
john sutton jr , 84 , to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 .   this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris .   sutton has attended every race for the past 76 years .
luke shambrook , 11 , was sitting on the side of a hill when he was found save after surviving for a remarkable five days on his own in the bush .   his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher .   he is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother rachel .
hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott .   o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year .   o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships .
bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray 's notes for monday night 's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off .   mowbray has worked for the bbc since 2004 .   jordan ibe returned from injury after brannagan was born on raheem sterling 's first birthday .
more than one million people have booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of jesus christ between now and june 24 .   ` whether you believe or do n't believe there is no doubt it is something special , ' said an italian man .   pilgrims have been dated to the end of the 13th century .
the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites .   the pictures show the women in three set poses in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing .   they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters .
tara mcintyre was left virtually wheelchair-bound after ben hagon 's sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph .   she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered a fractured spine and pelvis .   judge david turner branded hagon 's driving ` madness ' and accused him of changing miss mcintyre 's life for ever .
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup .   ricardo rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance .   dortmund played without central defender mats hummels and marco reus .
durham university says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame .   0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa .   anorexia has highest mortality rate of psychiatric illness .
the sprawling house , built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales .   but the stamp duty alone , paid on top of the price of the home , is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses .   spread across four floors , the house is 18 times the size of the average new home .
university of nebraska researcher reveals why stress is good for you , stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol .   but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .   normally , it 's present in the body at higher levels in the morning , and at its lowest at night .
denise fedyszyn , from west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb .   wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on family day out with her daughters anya and isla .   fairground worker told 37-year-old : ` you 're too fat to ride , i ca n't fasten the seatbelt ' as she tried to go on a fairground ride .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 as they set off on a christmas shopping trip .   an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death .   campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on saturday .   hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for the gunners .   jordan henderson scored one back from the penalty .
manny pacquiao ran along the trail at griffith park ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather .   pacquiao was spotted with several fitness fanatics during his run as one of the north america 's urban parks .   the filipino boxer is joined by shadow boxing .
a new device called the flow vr provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft .   this can help to combat the conflict coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear , which can lead to travel sickness .   more than a third of americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness .
john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight .   the artist from denton in texas was completely blind .   mr bramblitt uses a special fabric paint with raised edges to create an outline before colouring in the work .
the total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on saturday night and will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia .   the event is called a tetrad since it involves four successive total blood red lunar eclipses each followed by six full moons .   the moon is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 .
ken doherty is the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible .   evans won the final five frames of the morning session in sheffield .   128 players are involved in qualifying , including steve davis and jimmy white .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 7 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing .   the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say it was not a homicide .   family of the goslings are now trying to raise money for their funeral services .
the contest was held in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic .   attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia .   masha , a bear , can be attacked as she is chained to the tree by her neck .
england star anthony watson believes bath 's european champions cup exit can be at dublin 's aviva stadium as six ian madigan penalties .   george ford and stuart hooper scored for bath against newcastle , london irish and harlequins and gloucester .   bath will now return to the premiership .
john carver says he will use a whip if he has to motivate his players .   the magpies have lost the last four matches against sunderland .   dick advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss .
didier drogba is not planning to retire at the end of the season .   the blues legend 's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract .   drogba has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at stamford bridge this season .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies .   the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs secretary charles johnson .   the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked .
paolo dybala has admitted that he could be his last days at palermo .   the argentine forward scored a penalty during palermo 's 2-1 defeat by ac milan on saturday .   dybala now has 13 serie a goals for the season .
the final discworld novel written by sir terry pratchett before he died last month at the age of 66 will be released later this year , his publishers have said .   the book will be called the shepherd 's crown and will feature witch tiffany aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four of sir terry 's books to date .   the novel is based in the fictional realm of discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space - will go on sale
bournemouth held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf at dean court .   chris maguire scored an injury time penalty for sheffield wednesday .   the duke of york was unbeaten in 10 before saturday 's kick-off .
james webster , 35 , targeted female shoppers at lidl store in maidenhead , berkshire .   he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert victim .   webster walked free from court after magistrates ordered him to complete sexual offences .
marseille will listen to offers for florian thauvin in the summer .   the 22-year-old winger can also play behind the striker .   tottenham want to offload their fringe players first but miss out on the top four this term .
alaskan husky and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and used four bowls of dog kibbles .   the three-year-old dog was then seen near glenn highway around april 15 before being spotted in palmer .   sarabi escaped from handlers on march 21 after being dropped by musher allaway 's team during the iditarod race .
ea sports are unbeaten in four league matches against alan pardew .   crystal palace winger wilfried zaha posted a photo via his instagram account .   zaha has scored twice in the premier league this season .
ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world .   couples need facebook accounts and working webcams .   they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests .
new villas on offer at walt disney world florida are not for budget traveller .   each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people .   each bungalow has two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a private plunge pool .
a spanish hospital claims it has performed the ` world 's most complex ' face transplant to reconstruct his neck , mouth , tongue and throat .   doctors said the 27-hour procedure is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date .   a team of 45 doctors , surgeons and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation in february .
tim sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as tottenham manager last season .   villa moved six points clear of premier league relegation zone against liverpool .   villa wide man turned up for training at heath complex .
defence minister kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of terrorist organisation the islamic state on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 australian troops to iraq .   but during an interview on the abc 's 7.30 program , the mr andrews declined to reveal the brutal regime 's leader .   mr andrews claimed he was unable to do so for ` operational reasons ' but will be spending it ` behind the wire ' not engaging in combat .
the ch-53e super stallion landed on the beach in northern san diego county after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit .   the 100-foot copter is the largest and heaviest helicopter currently being used by the u.s. military .   no one was injured in the landing .
legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of james eagan holmes .   at least 750,000 americans have been injured by guns over last 10 years .   mother jones said rise of gun-related violence to be up 11 percent since 2011 .
former playboy model georgina gosden , 25 , is facing charges for punching two women in the face at a pub .   she carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april .   it is alleged gosden punched both woman at the mad cow tavern .
bruno fernández has been dubbed the ` majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid , spain .   he has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , 55 , who was reported missing by her brother .   neighbours said he was involved in apparent satanic rituals .
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial photo from nasa 's mercury project .   scientists say claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia , which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places .   close up view of what scott waring believes is the ufo coming into view .
virgil van dijk scored 16th free-kick in scottish cup semi-final against inverness .   ronny deila now send off his side a penalty .   celtic boss ronny deila has been criticised for the incident .
match of the day presenter gary lineker has labelled nigel farage a 'd *** ' during last night 's debate .   opinion polls produced mixed results on who had ` won ' the contest .   mr farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders .
alastair cook was clean bowled by kemar roach for 11 as england struggled on the first morning .   jonathan trott was out for a duck on his return to the test match in antigua .   michael vaughan said england 's top three were constipated .
natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of cereal every day .   has never taken a day off sick and ca n't face eating much else .   believes overeating causes more health problems than having restricted diet like her own .
leicester city boss sam allardyce has defended nigel pearson .   allardyce had pearson on his coaching staff when he was newcastle united manager in 2007 , and the pair will be reunited when west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday .   west ham manager sam allardyce says he is ` his own man ' in february .
yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan .   the italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer .   toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances this term for city .
niloofar rahmani , 23 , is the first female pilot to serve in the air force since the fall of the taliban in 2001 .   captain rahmani and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s secretary of state 's international women of courage award 2015 at a ceremony last week .   she was just 18 when she said the afghan air force wanted to recruit pilots .
police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker tried to lodge an official complaint at the great manchester police chadderton division .   the 44-year-old from oldham decided had just returned from algeria and wanted to complain about his trip .   police said the weather on his holiday was ` too hot ' the incident was shared by the police press office on its facebook page .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had to change his appearance to get into the st. louis university school of medicine .   he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined organization of black students during the process .   chokal-ingam said that none of his family approves of his book .
cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and refused access to his sick daughter .   now he has spoken out in the hope he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws .   despite his claims it improved her condition , the father , who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma .
a new book by martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 .   the former high court judge led the inquiry into the fire which killed 56 football fans has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident .   sir oliver also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general .   she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said .   lynch replaces eric holder , who left the job friday after six years .
baboucarr ceesay is believed to have died on fishing boat in a ` desperate ' attempt to seek a new life in the uk .   she said her two daughters were ` absolutely gobsmacked ' by news of the 21-year-old 's death .   his aunt jessica sey said he was not among the 27 survivors .
samantha giufre , 19 , spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula , south west of sydney on september 7 .   so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident .   police are searching for others they believe were involved .
may wong 's four-year-old cockapoo has travelled the globe - visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations including new york , berlin , stockholm , milan and paris .   she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 .   the dogs have travelled on planes , trains , cars and ferries across the eiffel tower , new york 's central park and the berlin wall .
burnley striker danny ings has n't scored since february 11 .   ings is struggling for form at the rest of his team-mates to keep the team in the premier league .   burnley manager sean dyche insists his players must help to relieve pressure on ings .
the man , named in chinese media as mr zhang , arrived at his mother 's house .   he found his mother covered in blood and dying on the way to hospital .   he drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother .
prime minister pledged to deliver effective ` home rule ' for england .   english , welsh and northern irish mps set a separate rate of income tax .   plan will be introduced within 100 days of election victory .
the girl , named april by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated .   sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery in the disabled toilets of an arcade .   officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the merseyside area .   police believe april may have been ` born where she was found '
prescott city attorney jon paladini claims he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013 .   the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 .   paladini claims mcdonough heard crew supervisor eric marsh and his top deputy arguing over making the dangerous move .
majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic .   volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures .   great dying took place over 10,000 years and acidification of the oceans .
the channel 4 programme hosted by philip glenister and ant anstead .   the duo 's love affair with classic cars .   will be a new series of for the love of cars .
a colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on friday after being struck by lightning in a storm .   firefighters were called to the site northeast of greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.   they are working with ngl energy partners , the company that owns the site but had to wait for the explosion risk to extinguish so they could use fire suppression foam .   the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing .
wikileaks founder julian asssange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive .   the information leaked belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company .   wikileaks claim they built a database from the 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from sony pictures .
napoli beat cagliari napoli in champions league on sunday .   jose callejon scored third goal for rafa benitez 's side .   napoli 's jose maria callejon scored goal for napoli .
nicolas diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter , amber diaz , and her former partner kevin rivera , 21 , got into a dispute at their home in brooklyn , new york , in the early hours of sunday .   he allegedly stabbed mr rivera , an unemployed musician , with a knife , before fleeing the scene .   on monday , the suspect turned himself into police .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , from stockport , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai .   families of the three men confirmed they had been told they would finally be able to return home and charges of espionage would not be brought against them .   mr clitheroe will return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife valerie on may 9 .
philip dunning 44 , from bo ` ness , west lothian , made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours .   he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting .   his partner gina meikle , 45 , made his decision .
calum clark and tom wood walk off the pitch at the quarter-final stage .   northampton captain dylan hartley thanked clermont for northampton .   the english champions were thrashed 37-5 in the champions cup .
stephen curry scored 45 points to rally the golden state warriors .   he hit six before halftime and eight overall .   thompson scored 26 to help golden state avoid its first losing streak this season .
a planespotter held with two friends in abu dhabi jail has run out of medicine for his serious heart condition .   none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai .   they were arrested in february at fujairah airport over claims they were a ` threat to national security '   they were placed in a cell on february 21 , missing their flight home the next day .
the former first lady and secretary of state had stolen his thunder .   zeke celello , 67 , was overcome with emotion when clinton declared her second presidential bid .   the u.s. constitution prohibits anybody from holding the presidency until they are 35 .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university , california .   it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive '   the technology is both greener and safer than current batteries .   aluminium is cheap and has a high-charge storage capacity .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a rare purple beanie baby for # 10 at a car boot sale in bude , cornwall - and later found out it was worth # 62,500 .   the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world , made in december 1997 for the princess of wales memorial trust .   the pair are now hoping to sell the bear on the auction site .
becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at ivf .   the couple chose to sacrifice their wedding and go ahead with ivf , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition .   becca gave birth to twins stanley and darci-mai .
intelligence agencies like the cia , nsa , and national counterterrorism center hire therapists to help the analysts cope with the ` extraordinary toll ' can have .   the analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists .   analysts often suffer sensations of depression .
one house in nsw 's hunter valley was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , north of sydney .   dungog resident filmed the house drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone .   footage shows house floating dangerously close to street power lines .
darren gough says his pal only has a small chance of returning for england .   england 's ninth most successful wicket taker of all-time is a friend to the batsman and was best man at his wedding .   pietersen has rejoined surrey in the second investec ashes squad this summer .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the fbi announced on wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest .   patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , to death with a kitchen knife on april 12 at a dunkin' donuts in maryland where they both worked .   patel was last seen at a hotel near newark shortly after his wife was killed in april 12 and reportedly has his india-issued
the 36-year-old found the medals in the northern territory and drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures .   but on his arrival at the darwin military museum mr cordina was refused the medals and told that they ` were more important to the museum '   medals include an airforce cross , a queen elizabeth ii coronation medal and more than two years of searching .   the museum director pierre offered to send mr cordina replicas to darwin .
lindsay castro was bitten in the face by a rattlesnake on thursday .   he backed away , but dug ran up to the reptile and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size .   owner lindsay castro thought she had lost her pet as they rushed to the hospital for treatment .
psg face marseille in a first vs marseille on sunday .   david luiz posted an ` after ' shot in the dressing room at chelsea .   ezequiel lavezzi was part of a duo to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara .
william and kate are leading names on the second child .   in the uk , charlotte , alice and alexandra are 13 per cent of americans .   brits and americans want prince george to have a baby brother .
robbie mcnamara broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .   the jockey was due to partner last year 's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie 's grand national .   mcnamara says he is feeling ` great and optimistic ' as he continues to recover from serious injuries .
the driver was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009 .   instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine he was jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice at ipswich crown court on thursday .   x tried to fight speeding charge in six years trying to confirm who was driving the car .
snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset .   pictures were taken by the cat 's owner jason bryant .   cat and jerry .
one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by the gang .   he tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park after he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of a paedophile .   andrew o'neill , 25 , has since admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl .
the number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year .   product used to be a favourite of many celebrities such as victoria beckham .   artificial tanning products were hit sub-sector of the sun care market .
in the late 1990s , seismologists found that the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale .   as so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves on the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum .   earthquakes shake the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time .
in newcastle , st james ' park is built for athletics .   former bath , saracens and england prop david ` flats ' flatman has been in the rugby world cup venues .   london 's olympic stadium may not be a rugby tournament .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when pickled onion blocked his windpipe .   after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help .   he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ` slipping away ' in front of his labradors lexi and nancy .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday .   suarez 's first goal was barcelona 's 1,000 th in european competition .   real madrid are the top scorers in europe with 1,016 goals .
hilary border , 54 , from newark , had power of attorney over mother dorothy 's affairs when her health deteriorated .   she was required to pay # 300-a-week for the 83-year-old 's care but it doubled to # 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all .   border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years .
glynis barber , out of itv 's 1980s detective , will be on her bus pass .   the actress says she has co-written a book with her and the in-sync diet .   she says she is ` a bit surgery-phobic ' and says she 's a coward .
nearly 60 per cent of britons have a facebook account .   one in ten people aged 16 to 34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ` cool '   the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures .   in the poll , a third of facebook users are said to have blocked a family member so they can not receive automatic updates .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona .   phelps was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test .   phelps will miss this summer 's world championships in kazan , russia .
hailey baldwin said she used to spend nights sleeping over at kim kardashian 's apartment , before she found fame herself .   the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of elle magazine , is known for her close friendship with kendall jenner .   she currently boasts more than 1.3 million instagram followers .
eden hazard and paul pogba celebrate a goal for juventus in 2013 .   juventus team won 1-0 against monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg .   arturo vidal 's penalty came ahead of juventus on wednesday .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence before they played newcastle on monday night in memory of the 96 fans who died at hillsborough almost 26 years ago .   the fixture at anfield took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster .   flowers were laid at the club 's hillsborough memorial at anfield .
photos of people 's hands covered in the northern city of aershan to the monster sandstorm attacking beijing on the same day .   just 50 minutes later , the sky had no official comments been made on the bizarre red sky .   no one is thought to be the black soot .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition .   fourteen of the girl 's 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay .   she had been scheduled to have surgery on her teeth in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani .   he accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in syria ` when it was only him '   he has complained about jihadis who leave their posts about their bravery .   hussain has cautioned ` sisters ' to spend too much time online .
real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end .   hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse .   katie , 33 , married his wife katie in 2004 .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the campaign .   brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success .   liverpool manager is under pressure after fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 in the german cup quarter-final on saturday .   the 1-0 win at borussia dortmund came on saturday .   bayer leverkusen will face porto in the quarter-final on wednesday .
gchq , the government 's listening post , intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi even though the legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules .   gchq confessed it intercepted confidential conversations between mr al-saadi and his lawyer .   the dissident should not receive compensation for breaching article 8 of the european convention on human rights .
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit # 8billion to fund the health service .   move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims the tories would ` cut the nhs to the bone ' and will mean ` at least ' an extra # 8billion a year for the nhs by 2020 .   prime minister said last night he was ` utterly committed ' to health service .
mothers and babies banned from special screenings at independent cinema .   staff became fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams .   james hannaway , who restored and reopened the cinema in 2004 , has banned babies .
marcelo bosch beat racing metro 12-11 in the champions cup semi-finals .   saracens director of rugby mark mccall admits he was pleased with bosch .   it was the final act of the match against clermont in two weeks .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography .   if convicted he faces 20 years ' jail in the us .   cobb took up the position at the us naval war college in june last year .
brothers jeff and joey stallings fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana .   they were placed in medically-induced comas after taking a ` bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of mccomb , mississippi .   they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking .
psychologists from goldsmiths university of london studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries , including the uk , canada , germany , russia and the us .   our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state .   genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn .
truckers from bulgaria , poland and romania are being offered # 100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country .   around 4.5 per cent are also unemployed across the south west .   employment agency did try recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from cornwall .
more than 127,000 people have backed a petition calling for mr clark to be allowed to stay in his house .   his father was a gunner in the durham light infantry when he was captured by the nazis in the north african city of tobruk .   the council insists he can not be treated as a special case .
engineers believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants .   they absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which glow under uv light , meaning that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways .   it 's estimated five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected , causing them to leak sewage .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais , the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais .   john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian 's grandparents , even though they were n't blood related to the little boy .   martinez 's son started dating langlais when she was six-months pregnant with adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler .
dikembe mutombo was elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on monday .   mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 .   mutombo was an nba defensive player of the year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons .
davis cup quarter are 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club .   andy murray and gb captain leon smith play for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer .   murray is practicing in spain .
a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march .   he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory .   queensland health authorities are searching hospital patient records to clarify what drugs people may have been given .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
80 per cent still buy their adult child 's groceries and 60 % dinner for them each night .   eight out of ten parents survey said parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money .   only 42 per cent charge their children rent .
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away .   the american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said : ` he 's had a family yet .   lerner has been expected to appear at wembley .
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york about last week .   the cat 's owners , jennifer stewart , 31 , and her husband , joseph naaman , were left devastated after their pet when missing from his damaged crate .   felix was on the loose for more than two weeks .
ashley madison , an online dating agency , is betting on europe 's attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in london later this year .   it boasts ` life is short , have an affair ' , wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic .   with more than 34 million members , ashley madison claims to be the world 's dating website .
nicholas figueroa and moises locon died when the apartment building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast .   suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings .   the owner of the east village building blew up last week and left two dead people could yet face criminal charges .
amy murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening of film .   her friend became annoyed at her for laughing at the sex scenes .   police were called to cinema in essex on february 18 .
a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery .   it is reported the group were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride .   a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs , a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding .
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week .   the teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15 am this morning , killing a male teacher and wounded two students and two teachers .   the boy had been late for class and shot and injured her 13-year-old daughter .
jack mascitelli took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45 am during schoolies week in the nsw beach town .   the prank backfired when he accidentally ran ` screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers .   mr mascitelli , from victoria , ran through byron bay to win a free kebab .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 .   their family home at caves beach , near lake macqurie , had lost power so on wednesday the children 's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take kai , sophie and aussie for a walk in a nearby park .   aussie aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly .
angela linton wrote a homophobic message , directed at gay teacher thomas o'brien , after a row about a school outing .   the 47-year-old , from birmingham , has been given a community order , told to carry out unpaid work and fined # 185 for harassing the victim .   linton 's son was banned from her son 's school after abusing staff then used one of the child 's books to deliver a homophobic tirade to a teacher .
paul mcshane has told his hull team-mates it 's time they woke up .   hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .   if hull do go down .
at least 18 people have died in an avalanche on mount everest .   the avalanche was caused by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal .   a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since .
barca take on psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday .   lionel messi scored a hat-trick for barcelona in the first leg of the season .   messi will be hoping to add a hat-trick to his list .
marion ` suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday .   knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing .   his lawyer said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a ` ploy ' to ` humiliate ' his client .
cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in nsw alone .   state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in .   brad hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future .
myuran sukumaran 's birthday is being marked in london where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the amnesty international headquarters .   the pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin , taped to the bodies of young mules .   chan is now a pastor and sukumaran a painter .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 in the premier league on saturday .   nacer chadli , harry kane and jack colback scored for tottenham .   christian eriksen and tim krul both scored in the goal .
brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a horrific accident .   cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she ran over brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old rowyn , who was killed .   the women even planted a memorial garden at brynn 's home to honor rowyn .
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 .   the mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules and managed to get into the qantas lounge in sydney on the same day while wearing thongs .   the first people to be affected by qantas 's ` smart casual ' dress code have posted their complaints on social media .
rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose off augusta national golf club on thursday .   the game will face at the first major of the year .   masters champions nick faldo and charl schwartzel took on the hole .
tiger 's nest monastery between tibet and india is a land of myths and magic .   tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests .   tiger is the fifth king and his queen .
the oscar nominated star has teamed up with katie couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program .   the series was created by diane english who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor .   the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , netflix and amazon to pick up the program .
experts believe molalla log house could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean .   construction of the log cabin has spend seven years working on the molalla log cabin .   secrets hidden in wood .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured '   de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years .   de grey was raised in chelsea by his artist mother cordelia .   she donated # 2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute for engineered negligible senescence .
thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops .   it happened on the same night that pacers star chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club .   both were arrested for trying to investigate the stabbing of chris copeland .
lionel messi scored 400 goals for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia .   messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored in the first minute .   the argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games .
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their relationship broke down .   dunford failed to appear at hammersmith magistrates ' court in february but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence .   the model says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing .
stan ternent has watched the 25-year-old playing for terek grozny .   poland international winger has one year left on his current deal .   rybus impressed during poland 's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland .
the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents .   the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money to the family foundation or paid bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the state department .   the clinton foundation was barred by an investment bank with ties to russian president vladimir putin .
the icefin was deployed through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor .   the icefin robotic vehicle dove to depths never before visited under antarctica 's ross ice shelf .   antarctica developed for icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets .
it will open in london in june , less than three years since the late comedian 's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary .   savile had abused dozens of children and young women in hospitals and schools .   scotland yard probe into other alleged abuse .
aston villa take on liverpool in fa cup semi-final on sunday .   fabian delph and jordan henderson set for midfield battle at wembley .   christian benteke scored only goal of the game as villa won 1-0 at tottenham .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end .   the care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .   they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens .   the 41-year-old told the new york post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal .   body says his employers with heatherwood communities said it did n't sit .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade .   authorities said the daughter of garcia 's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in santa ana .   garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl , who is now 25 , and lived with her until last year .
the work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine .   but when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where covenant was buried 2,500 years ago .   israel 's housing minister uri ariel said the al aqsa mosque is buried under the dome .
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider .   trooper gababrd ran away wearing only a brown hat , jeans and boots .   he is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary .
a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death .   he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas , the nation 's most active death penalty state .   sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ` marty ' steinfeldt , 28 .
jordan henderson is ` over the moon ' after signing a new long-term contract .   the 24-year-old put pen to paper on thursday morning on a deal worth more than # 100,000 per week .   henderson 's current terms had 12 months to run but will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020 .
st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose mcgrath and her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .   rose has been attending the battle creek catholic schools her life and when she was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia her world was turned upside down .   rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia .
at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain changed their communication methods since the fugitive stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency .   extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications .   snowden files revealed details about covert attempts by agencies to view citizens ' private information , text and call records and passwords .
many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster .   femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and to share their tips .   many women spends hundreds of pounds a month on expensive skincare products .
ander herrera started just three of the 21 games manchester united .   louis van gaal 's first team plans at old trafford on deadline day .   herrera has been in the squad since february 17 .
madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her father 's try out his impersonation .   buddy had tried out ` white noise ' sounds to try and get madison to sleep .   it has been viewed more than 4,000 times .
obama claimed beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts .   but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands on the mischief reef in the disputed south china sea .   the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands .
a woman died instantly on wednesday after she drove her suv around an active crossing gate and collided with an amtrak train in mississippi .   the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian .   cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman 's name until all family members had been notified .
nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city 's east village when he was killed .   mr figueroa , a former model and bowling lane employee , was settling the check for himself and his bowlmor lanes colleague at the sushi park restaurant in second .   last week , his body was pulled from the church of the holy name of jesus .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed a # 10.35 million settlement that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company .   but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense , and his stake was said to be worth # 132m .   mr sharland , 54 , had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement .
the lowy institute report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ` serious national security threat '   the australian was reportedly killed in syria while fighting with terrorist organisation islamic state .   mohamed elomar is a boxer-turned-terrorist who fled sydney to join the islamic state in syria .   his 14-year-old daughter married mohamed elomar .
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales and was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later .   owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page .   he has now been reunited with his owners after julia hill posted on a lost and found cats facebook group .
former top gear host jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month .   the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner .   clarkson had been a niche motoring programme to the most watched series on bbc 2 .
a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend .   police say the man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind .   the pair , aged 27 and 36 , sustained minor facial injuries when they left the club but did not require hospital treatment .
georgia invaded the field of play during sunday 's 2-0 defeat by germany in tbilisi .   uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation .   scotland currently sit third in group d .
chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island .   the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 .   on friday morning , dana dor , her husband adi and their boys , aidan and brandon .
the plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in hurghada , egypt .   flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time , but was forced to return to its stand .   witness said the unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer .
maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , from london used nothing but paints to turn herself into a grey rabbit with blue eyes , wearing a red bow tie .   the mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects .   she used her own brushes and kryolan paint , special dense , long-lasting make-up used by professionals .
sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night .   bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow code .   burgess has scored just once this season in a premiership game .
ed miliband stopped off at praise house community church in croydon .   he bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards ed '   last year mr miliband described himself as a ` jewish atheist '   all party leaders are trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .   on friday night david cameron addressed 45,000 christians at event .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , had been celebrating a football game in new orleans , louisiana .   they were found by david 's wife , nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots .   police arrested dexter allen , 17 , and haraqyon degruy , 18 , in connection with the killings .
warren sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ` everyone got naked ' after he ` put $ 600 on the table ' in his hotel room .   the two women who were arrested in phoenix along with sapp were britney osbourne , 23 , and quying boyd .   sapp , 42 , was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in february .
jose mourinho insists eden hazard is in a race to scoop the player of the season award .   the chelsea forward has been outstanding this season .   mourinho believes that hazard will be able to feature at queens park rangers on saturday but diego costa will miss four weeks .
lorraine cobourn had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when the yellow taxi struck her in may last year .   she was struck by one of derby 's distinctive yellow hackney carriages in the city centre .   she has received two payouts and is undergoing counselling to help her deal with psychological damage .
camilla , 26 , suffered a wardrobe malfunction at olivier awards with mastercard in london .   the ` pre-engaged ' couple played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership win .   the cameras were trained on the singer .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in the fa cup semi-final on wednesday .   brendan rodgers ' squad will leave anfield at the end of the season .   philippe coutinho scored the winning goal in a 1-0 quarter-final victory .
britain is paying professional aid workers up to # 1,000 a day to work in africa and asia .   spending on consultants has doubled to # 1.4 billion over the past four years and now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending .   revelations will return attention to britain 's growing aid budget accounts for # 12 billion of public spending a year .
tony toutouni , 42 , admits ` it 's not that hard to get any girl you want '   his outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months .   the billionaire downplays the new rivalry with his friend dan bilzerian last year .   he has eight million followers .
diamond fraudster anna foord jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags using cash she swindled from her victims .   she convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent .   but they were arrested and foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering .
the unnamed woman , believed to be 25 to 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn .   paramedics who were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .   police are still awaiting a medical examiner 's report .
new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking .   many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new ` indie ' cabin playlists .   the songs are n't just one of many indie rock bands to be played on board the flights .
the pair , who are in their 30s , have been ordered to pay # 9,000 after being convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the ` raucous screams ' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in san martino .   it comes less than six months after a woman from tyne and wear , in the north east of england , was given a 12-week jail term and a four-year anti-social behaviour order .   but the couple appealed the sentence and have now been fined # 2,000 in legal fees .
slovenia-born bedene 's new nation in the davis cup played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .   world 99 aljaz bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world .   bedene has greg rusedski 's support in his bid to overturn the ruling .
young boy met his hero r2d2 at a star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california and the pair began spinning around each other in circles .   a young star wars fan had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens .   the robot follows him and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably .
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change .   people in california are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us .   researchers at yale university asked people if they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits .
teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna after her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later .   an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings .   nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice .
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane deserves to pip eden hazard to the player of the year award .   spurs boss says kane is the red hot favourite to land the prize .   kane has scored 30 goals in a season since gary lineker should take the award .
238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014 , just three million less than the pre-recession per cent rise year on year in visitors from the uk .   the uae ranked ahead of portugal and switzerland .   greece is the biggest improver over the past year with its 5.6 million incoming passengers from britain .
diddy and mark wahlberg placed a bet of $ 250,000 on the floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao mega-fight .   diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager , before being raised by wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool .   boxing duo mayweather and pacquiao are just days away from their mega-fight in las vegas .
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water near gulf harbour , off auckland 's whangaparaoa peninsula .   the race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a member of the public .   one vessel capsized just outside of the harbour .
georgia davis , 22 , has been lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales .   neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property .   ms davis has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012 .
john carver decided not to start star players duncan ferguson and alan shearer in 1999 .   his first in the dugout was as assistant to ruud gullit in august .   gullit was assistant to former newcastle manager ruud gullit .
the former pm made an appearance at a private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats .   but only one shadow cabinet minister chuka umunna could be bothered to attend .   programme for the dinner was held in an indian banquet hall in south london .
ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the advert for betting firm paddy power .   the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding car on his horse .   irish jockey walsh is riding ballycasey in the race .
duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child could be born outside london for 85 years .   st mary 's hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby , hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby .   two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital .
jesse roepcke , 27 , was busted in ormond beach sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia .   police say the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside .   roepcke was then hit with additional charges of possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison .
cristiano ronaldo , patrice evra , carlos tevez , paul pogba , gerard pique , plus javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid .   chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester city have all been knocked out of the champions league .   xabi alonso will be fit up for bayern munich .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a spanish man barricaded himself into his own home after shooting his daughter 's boyfriend and a police officer last night .   the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am .   the man is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
kevin o'connor , who owns memories pizza in walkerton , told reporters he has shut the restaurant 's doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online .   a contributor from glenn beck 's the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ` the media parked out front .   the pizza joint had been in operation for nine years before closing today .
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates , in which drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day .   a suitor , played by sandler , uses videos to remind her of him .   the hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in riverdale , new york .
norway has announced that it will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal .   plans were later shelved after objections from commercial radio stations .   it is now not expected to happen until january 11 .
jack wilshere will sit with his father at the end of the season .   wilshere has not featured for the first team since recovering from ankle surgery .   the england midfielder was injured against manchester united on november 22 .
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in 2003 .   her final competitive race for 12 years in her final london marathon on sunday .   radcliffe said the time of 2:36.55 in her marathon is the race of radcliffe .
paul merson criticised townsend 's call-up to the england squad last week .   andros townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley on sunday .   townsend hit back at merson after his appearance for england against italy .
more than 200 yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern iraq after a year in islamic state captivity .   the freed prisoners said that they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution , but instead were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions .   the yazidis are said to be in poor signs of abuse and neglect .
bolton-born boxer amir khan spent his day a safari park with his family in northern california .   khan posed alongside , and also fed , a rare but dangerous white tiger as he posed with stunning giraffes and sea lions at six flags discovery kingdom .   the 28-year-old will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30 .
carrie fisher , 58 , and mark hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage in anaheim on thursday before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out .   not on hand was harrison ford , who is the franchise 's han solo .   producer kathleen kennedy said the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
a cross-dressing robber allegedly held up a northwest melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun is in custody .   he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a fake machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash .   the man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery .
families of five chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month .   they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport .   li tingting , 25 , wei tingting , 26 , wang man , 32 , and wu rongrong , 30 , have been jailed for up to five years if they are charged .
shona banda , 37 , published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn 's disease , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas .   her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services .   medical marijuana activist shona banda is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son .
quiana jeffries , aka chef q , was brought into mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast .   floyd mayweather jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight .   jeffries also has to cope with mayweather 's unconventional timekeeping .
jonathan trott and alastair cook scored in the first test in antigua next week .   the pair were an unbeaten 95 for captain alastair cook at england 's first round world cup in bangladesh .   it is the top of the order for england 's caribbean tour .
the singer left her bra at a restaurant in santa monica on tuesday night without a bra .   in 2015 she is one of h a number of celebrities who are going to ditch their underwear .   rita ora and nicole scherzinger are also on red carpets .
documents released by edward snowden allege britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 .   there has been no official response from britain or argentina to the claims .   documents include allegations britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit argentine government .
the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet above a buffalo street .   the cover flew high into the air as the man yelled ` heads-up ! '   the cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck .   police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes .
zinedine zidane has ruled gareth bale will not joining manchester united this summer .   the real madrid legend has been linked with a move to real madrid .   zidane says bale was a big part in real 's success last year .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig .
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack .   the 17-year-old student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault .   aydelott has been a coach at riverdale nearly 10 years .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge , massachusetts on monday .   the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning before his head was found in colina 's apartment building .   colina was kicked out after a fight over gym equipment on november 24 .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool .   liverpool offered ibe in february after he had knee ligaments against besiktas .   ibe has scored four goals in his last 15 games .
steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother .   the couple 's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs .   ' i do n't afford my wife to be staying at home , ' he said .
the satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light .   if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas .   tokyo rresearchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss which would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth .
ian walters , 51 , allegedly killed his wife tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph .   two dogs and suitcases were thrown out of the truck being driven by ian walters as it crashed into a line of trees .   his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse .
ukip leader nigel farage was quick to insist he did not want to send migrants home to stop young britons .   mr farage 's campaign was on a tour of a hinge with hungarian worker ivan loncsarevity at the plant in essex .   mr farage wants to show how britain can cope without europe .
yoko ono has led the tributes to john lennon 's first wife cynthia .   the second wife of the beatles singer said she was ` proud ' how she and cynthia had ` stood firm in the beatles family '   cynthia , who married lennon after meeting him in college , died yesterday at her home in spain .   later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband .
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday .   the new york jets made tebow one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team .   tebow has n't been a part of an nfl organization since 2013 .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals since the start of last season .   but his last one goal of the game at burnley saw the world .   ramsey will be on ` normal tv ' after the fa cup semi-final against reading to pay his tribute to her .
alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations .   alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options .   she 's taken evidence from the committee .
ashley young and juan mata scored united 's first goal at old trafford .   the 29-year-old scored two more for marouane fellaini and chris smalling .   louis van gaal 's side take a 4-1 lead at the old trafford .
the man , who has been identified as felix david , was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions .   david was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45 pm incident and later died at a local hospital .   david , who was wanted for a robbery committed last thursday , grabbed an officer 's radio and hit him over the head with it .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines .   the model believed this was not healthy and also took a toll on their mental health .   wells also revealed she was very resistant to taking up a career as a fashion model .
paul gascoigne 's daughter bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone .   her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back .   miss gascoigne took to her twitter page after the attack .
liverpool captain steven gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension .   gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy .   reds legend robbie fowler says players must not focus on gerrard .
william hill scottish cup final at hampden park set up final against falkirk .   defender raven slotted home goal four minutes from end of extra time .   virgil van dijk and john guidetti scored 2-2 for celtic .
tony pulis has had scouts busy monitoring targets in france as he believes they represent better value with montpellier 's former blackburn right back bryan dabo .   plea , 22 , has scored three goals this season and can play as an attacking midfielder .   pulis is keen on nice forward and ex-lyon trainee alassane plea .
rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks .   rbs was also hit with a # 453million restructuring charge .   chancellor george osborne was knighted for a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout .
cesc fabregas wore a special protective face mask on sunday .   the spaniard scored the winning goal in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over stoke city .   fabregas travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted .
john daniel tohill , 37 , made contact with his family this week for the first time since 2005 .   over the years his family has hired investigators and police , but because he was an adult and had no savings and did not possess a driver 's licence .   john called his brother on tuesday .
colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner .   but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured and mr cromie would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude '   married dentist colin cromie forced practice nurse xara grogan to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard .   miss grogan told her she would be ` out on her ear
the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot .   the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off .   shelly nicholas filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation .
mike heatlie , 42 , claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood .   ms mccartney is now facing a # 7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer .   he pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court in march to the attack , due to appear again on april 22 for sentencing .
the cage was designed for as a ` withdrawal space ' while in class .   principal joy burch said an investigation into the incident is underway .   the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27 .
dennis sears changed his will leave everything to live-in home help nermin months after he left his # 1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died .   he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years .   mr sears 's family challenged the will but agreed a # 50,000 settlement in august after they were told legal costs in the case could reach six figures .
condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner .   lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her staffordshire terrier , deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law .   the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 .
nicole mihai has been told she must leave her 2-year-old son , chris behind .   she will now have to return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident .   she was awarded full custody of their son with her ex partner .
18 per cent of us are choosing to holiday in the uk compared to 8 per cent five years ago .   registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds .   just seven % of uk couples allowed the bride 's parents to pay bill .
edwin ` jock ' mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at the military base in croydon , south london .   she claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy .   mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .
early tests carried out on cancer cells have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent .   it harnesses the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours .   scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans .
liverpool host arsenal on saturday in their premier league clash .   raheem sterling has been on his way to liverpool 's training session .   brendan rodgers said sterling is a ` trophy-hunter '   sterling is on the race for liverpool .
skier teamed up with red bull media house and starelation to create stunt , using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around .   blue eruption was flung across the slopes as skier went passed .   four times world champion marcel hirscher said on red bull .
simon & schuster has confirmed to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her .   ` mariah was willing to give nick $ 10 million but he said ` hell no ' and demanded $ 30 , ' a family friend said .   nick is being very vengeful in public with nicole murphy , michael strahan 's ex .
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children .   when she tried to pick up her children from the colorado city , utah community where they have been living , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids .   they even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle , ' ex-cult member flora jessop , who helped tetzner through her legal battle .
the 1985 final was watched by 18.5 million , a bbc2 record .   steve davis , dennis taylor and dennis taylor were in the final 8-0 .   davis says it was the trophy and # 60,000 .
toshiba 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo to help customers find their way around .   the female-looking robot will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language .   chihira in the work outfit created for the robot .
london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre was commissioned by uktv to mark celebrate its screening of the third series of sherlock .   took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg .   one lady was spotted on edible artwork .
germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros or # 204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes .   greek prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month .   german government says the issue was resolved legally years ago .
mario balotelli is the premier league player who receives most abuse online .   arsenal 's daniel sturridge received 1,600 , more than 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation .   almost a third of the abusive posts were racist .
the duke of kent , 79 , was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary with a walking stick today .   the queen 's cousin was admitted to the hospital yesterday after suffering a dislocated hip at the balmoral estate .   buckingham palace said he had been ` successfully ' treated for a ` mild ' stroke .
roy keane , republic of ireland assistant manager , will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver .   the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in altrincham .   keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to altrincham-based mr kerar .
eastern sydney 's sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub , in sydney .   now the controversial councillor is developing ' a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations '   cr betts is reportedly developing the program for school girls with waverley action for youth services and the police .   lazarus , a former private school
specialised 77 brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would fight wars ` in the information age '   brigadier alastair aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ` social media , financial operations and counter-criminality '   brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops .   brigade 's commander says he has failed to recruit enough ` talent ' to challenge is online .   british army is struggling to recruit technical experts for psychological warfare unit .
one of the robbers used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop .   the attempted break-in took place in pemberton , a suburb of wigan in greater manchester , on saturday afternoon .   police are investigating whether the incident is linked to a similar break-in at another wigan jeweller last week .
manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city was over city .   louis van gaal 's side are now in the top four .   liverpool and city have fans at the dutchman .
britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the apple watch .   gadget is available to pre-order in nine countries .   in the us , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
abu ward al-raqqawi , a self proclaimed ` founder of the syrian revolution , was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria with the warning : ` this child will be risk to you not just to us '   the post says the newborn child is called ` jrah ' and its fathers name is ` om '   it also claims the certificate next to the baby is an ` isis issued id for a child '   the image was believed to be posted by abu al-raqqawi al-raqqawi in
jeffrey okafor , 24 , is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in london .   he was stabbed in the buttock by okafor 's friend abu mansaray while jermaine coker was chased by junior ademujimi-falade but escaped .   the 19-year-old victim , known as dj charmz , had been leaving the club life nightclub in vauxhall 's goding street .
michael oliver was a stonewall spot kick in a first half with four penalty appeals .   the arsenal keeper was booked for a penalty by santi cazorla .   oliver cazorla had a penalty for cesc fabregas and oliver cazorla .
celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara .   mcnamara has backed a cut of transfer fees for united players sales .   mcnamara has been backed by dundee united 's jackie mcnamara .
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school .   the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air .   he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
one minnesota reporter ashley roberts was surprised on air during minnesota 's show by a proposal from her boyfriend justin mccray .   ashley 's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after an on-air discussion about engagement rings .   men spend an average of $ 5,855 on the engagement ring .
nigel farage admitted ukip has ` slipped back a bit ' in the polls .   ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in polls as its key campaign issues like eu membership are now very much ` back in play ' with voters .   ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in november to 12.25 per cent today .
the university of houston said it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency .   the university says its business with the agency is now finished .   the university will also pay a 15 percent booking fee to cti , or $ 20,250 .
xiangnan li , 23 , bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared .   police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city .   shao 's boyfriend was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group .   gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday .   talley was born may 23 , 1899 .
police in rhein erft , germany dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call .   they discovered that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
kim min hyeok allegedly stamped on the face of mu kanazaki .   sagan are ninth in the j-league and furious claims have been made that the 23-year-old appeared to stamp on an opponent 's face .   hyeok is just four games into a new season .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen .   he served in the royal navy and wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited new ssafa charity headquarters in november 2013 .   mr abbott 's announcement on australia day - the queen 's consort would be awarded his nation 's highest award .
the image , taken by the european space agency , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms .   the jutting structures are parts of a star formation region called the eagle nebula , also known as messier 16 or m16 .   the new study reveal many new details including a previously unseen jet from a young star .
gable tostee , 29 , will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges after a judge dismissed his appeal for early release .   the 29-year-old was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he drove two passengers home to the gold coast .   tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered .   incident was two weeks before wright fell to her death from the balcony of tostee 's 14th storey apartment in august last year .
tom mctevia , 42 , was left without use of his legs following another atv accident 11 years ago .   he was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an idaho cliff and went over .   a firefighter reached the first victim 's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock , and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and abramovich 's link with his football team .   she is confirmed to speak at a leaders conference at stamford bridge .   she has never spoken in public since buying chelsea .
alexis sanchez has been a smash hit from barcelona last summer .   the gunners are second in the premier league .   mclintock made 403 appearances for the highbury club between 1964 and 1973 .
paramedics were inundated with 600 calls an hour last night as revellers up and down britain drank in 2012 .   the busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered .   ambulance service call outs in london peaked at more than 600 per hour - over three times as many as on a normal night .
certain items on sale at poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets .   the company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains .   poundland shoppers can buy a 250g box of kellogs cornflakes for # 1 .
jennifer williams , of jeff davis county , georgia , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` it does n't mean that i love them any less '   conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state .   williams , a baptist minister , agreed with his mother 's decision not to sell flowers to gay people .   on thursday
the nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13million in 2014 and 4.7 million prescriptions .   critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments .   britain was ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt .   poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused aborted landing .   three former england rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the north pole were forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway .
david luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago .   the defender came off the bench in wednesday night 's champions league quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by luis suarez .   hoddle believes luiz as a ` liability at the back ' after psg defeat against barcelona .
tim sherwood has lost six out of seven games in charge of the london club .   the pair forged a close bond during their time together at villa park .   sherwood could move to get chris ramsey on his coaching staff .
barcelona midfielder andreas iniesta has been ruled out of his side 's la liga match against valencia .   barcelona boss luis enrique wants his players to shut the champions league .   enrique 's men at least temporarily five points clear at the top of the la liga table .
a personal trainer says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat .   personal ways to burn away belly fat avoid white bread and pasta .   cause an insulin spike in energy energy area .
ed miliband attacked ` vulture ' american bankers to help him become prime minister .   left-wing , buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates .   also designed websites of harriet harman , andy burnham and tristram hunt .
the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday .   gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states .   tensions with moscow as it accused russian gas giant of overcharging buyers .
kelly rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch , 40 , and she pleaded for the order to be reversed .   rutherford 's lawsuit said that no other u.s. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the united states .   rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute with giersch .
bethany farrell , 23 , died on february 17 while in queensland 's whitsundays , a week into her dream gap-year when she went scuba diving for the first time .   two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way .   one of the reviews was discarded before police could see it .
programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess .   the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old .   the duchess is expected to go into labour any day now .
spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria .   creatures were found at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at rye pier in a few weeks time .   1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday .   they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health .   iona costello 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack .   george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid .
summer beach season looks at the top hacks in mailonline .   lemon juice is made of aloe vera or a cloth in black or green tea .   ice cube sunburns with aloe vera ice cubes .
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal in atletico madrid 's 2-2 draw with malaga on saturday .   the spanish striker scored just four times for diego simeone 's side .   torres has found goals for atletico madrid and malaga .
the 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday .   the carcasses were in decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of brisbane in vera scarth-johnson wildflower reserve .   it is thought the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .
footage of the contest captured on a property near amber mountain national park .   it shows the males each other up before one is forced to retreat following violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that is n't seen in the video .   one of the island chases his rival out of the tree and along a concrete wall .
shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign .   last night shares in bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153 p .   rise came after oil giant announced plans to buy bg group in deal .
expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks , known as extra vehicular activities , on gopro cameras outside the iss on february 25 and march 1 .   nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies spacex and boeing .   in the footage virts and wilmore can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station .
sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill .   gay is a special needs student with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .   bruno mars ' just the way you are ' played in the magic proposal .
league one player of the year dele alli of mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 .   preston remain in pole position to join bristol city in the championship next season .   mk dons midfielder carl baker scored second goal .
roberto martinez has not ruled out antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin ' current deals expire this summer .   37-year-old defender sylvain distin has time to prove he deserves a new deal .   roberto martinez says his club have two players out of contract .
philippe saint-andre will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31 .   the french rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace france .   saint-andre has been winning only 15 of his 37 games in six nations .
about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed .   people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams .   up to 90 per cent of people will develop a neurological condition .
lord janner has been accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s in children 's homes in leicestershire .   the alleged victims could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims brought by his alleged victims .   legal firm slater & gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against lord janner .
david cameron made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon .   he said ` it all tastes the same ' for eating a cream tea .   the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs .   when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him .   footage shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder .
nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for 70-year-old barronelle stutzman came in the last several days .   supporters compare stutzman 's benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would n't cater a gay wedding .   when longtime customer ingersoll came to arlene 's flowers and asked for the flowers , the devout southern baptist told him her ` relationship with jesus christ ' would n't allow her to do the wedding .
apple is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june .   apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company beats for about $ 3 billion in may 2014 .   apple has also approached taylor swift and others about partnerships .
sweden 's passport has been named the most powerful in the world .   there is no upper limit on the number of replacements to the rightful holder .   they can sell for as much as # 6,000 each .
pattie boyd wed for a third time with rod weston at chelsea registry office , chelsea old town hall in london .   married to both george harrison and eric clapton .   she was one of the most love triangle in the world .
creative prank was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and ministry of transport .   but the stunt sparked outrage from the costa rican tourism institute in the amazon rainforest .   costa rican government and ambassador to ecuador were involved in the stunt .
wigan winger dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days .   the club announced the re-signing of tomkins on a four-year deal from new zealand warriors .   flower was sent off for punching lance hohaia in october 's grand final defeat by st helens .
owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions when worn on tattooed wrists .   dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings .   tests suggest tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most .
ronald koeman admits morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club .   the midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .   koeman has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham this summer .
qpr will be without diego costa for sunday 's premier league clash .   cesc fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose .   john obi mikel is fit again after a knee injury .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america , to new york .   authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .   investigators reportedly felt a ` dense hard material ' under her clothes .
david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway when their light aircraft crashed into hills during bad weather in the scottish highlands .   the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr rous 's light aircraft to see his wife 's mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides .   when the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane .
a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 .   the information commissioner 's office and telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year .   every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and had not given permission for the company to call them .
since monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life .   pension firms said britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked , with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications .   the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald have still not paid back the # 20million they owe the taxman - one year after they were ordered to do so .   it is understood the trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash .   delay has been criticised by taxpayers ' alliance .
toxicology results show linden officer pedro abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a new york city highway .   linden officer frank viggiano and officer patrik kudlac were critically injured .   abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a staten island strip club .
raheem sterling opened the scoring for liverpool in the first half at anfield .   raheem sterling was sent off for the 20-year-old liverpool forward .   brendan rodgers ' side were n't impressed by sterling .
the picture was taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne .   the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen .   mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after the investigation found mr barr not to have broken any law .
lee county sheriff 's deputies said larry mcelroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his leesburg backyard .   deputies say another bounced off the armored animal , hit a fence , traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law 's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in and struck her in the back .   mcelroy 's mother-in-law , carol johnson suffered non-life-threatening injuries .
the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday .   benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members .   australian test captain michael clarke said benaud was a gentleman who played cricket in the right spirit .
kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans .   the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter .   from kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt .
dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment costs around $ 150 -lrb- # 100 -rrb- and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin , is currently available in new york .   described as a ` multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne '   foreskin facials , also known as hydrafacials , are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons .   the key ingredient is bizarre stem cell .
roxy wallace was called bob , who lived a reclusive life , plagued by depression .   the long-term condition was caused by bob 's belief that he had been born into the wrong body , a turmoil which made it to have a relationship with his son william .   jo and roxy are still together , now in a lesbian relationship .
eurocamp site in south central france at the end of august .   the site is a five-star park in the ardèche region of france .   l'ardéchoise 's safari tents are the most popular on holiday .
the two leaders are attending the summit of the americas in panama .   speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors .   removal would also lift some economic sanctions on cuba .
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in june .   for days on end two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women .   the fruitcake has been home-made by two wi star bakers , some of the ingredients were donated by companies including dairy crest , diageo and whitworths .
everton midfielder james mccarthy believes ross barkley was ` different class '   everton midfielder believes barkley is more than capable pressure on him .   roberto martinez 's decision to replace him with 20 minutes to go at goodison park .   mccarthy says he is looking for a mistake with a pass .
former teachers of al-taqwa college in melbourne claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal omar hallak was discriminating against female students .   comes a month after mr hallak was telling students at his school that islamic state was not ` created ' by muslims , but was instead a plot against them by the west .   he believes there is ` scientific evidence ' to back his claims .
the bath is cooled to -175 f -lrb- -115 c -rrb- using liquid nitrogen and mayweather .   mayweather spends up to three minutes in the bath to aid his recovery after training sessions .   the boxer was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery in las vegas .
ashya king , 77 , was taken from southampton general hospital last august .   he has criticised police for spending more than # 16,000 on search for him .   staff claimed # 12,712.97 in overtime over six days .
ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in oklahoma , offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant .   she taped a sign to the person to come forward so she could give them a proper meal - free of charge .   a customer called greg king noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhatlovelookslike - within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media .
kevin pietersen set for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey on april 19 .   the batsman has been axed as england 's managing director before the start of the county championship season .   pietersen has been at the kia oval for the photo session on wednesday .
president obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday .   the president opened his speech on the south lawn by an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the game were under-inflated .   obama received a custom jersey and a custom football from the team on thursday .
a pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on april 10 .   the unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police .   the two men handle their weapons has led the fbi to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves .
fear of nicola sturgeon with miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her .   survation poll for the mail on sunday reveals david cameron is pulling ahead of labour .   ukip support has risen by five points .
the towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries .   the increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland , a member of nato and the european union over the conflict in ukraine .   poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to the russian exclave of kaliningrad .
asma asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony .   her mother suffers from bells palsy , among other health ailments .   the men all had british accents and must be british backpackers as an insult in the united kingdom .
sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself at his miami mansion .   brandt 's death was a suicide by hanging on monday .   brandt , 65 , was reportedly ` devastated ' recently over rumors .
nico rosberg finished 8.5 seconds ahead of nico rosberg at the malaysian grand prix with ferrari on march 29 .   the duo attended mercedes ' brackley base on thursday .   sebastian vettel was beaten by ferrari and lewis hamilton .
the man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol .   police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was tasered while attempting to get on the plane .   in the video , the laser-guided sight of a police taser is visible on his t-shirt .
former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin scored three points against portland timbers at a providence park .   darlington nagbe scored a penalty in the second half of the match .   ridgewell and co were on the scoresheet for orlando city .
st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival .   the scene in the old government house hotel would have been home by april 1945 .   the channel islands heritage festival will take place this month .
` it is a man-made disaster , ' former hewlett packard head carly fiorina says .   she told glenn beck she ` has suffered from droughts for millennia '   california 's governor jerry brown signed an executive order limiting water consumption .   the agricultural industry has 80 percent of the water shortage .
john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria .   the young lions are the defending champions and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .   arsenal 's chris willock has been called up to the squad for first time .
exeter will take on gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks ' time for a place in the inaugural european challenge cup .   carl rimmer of exeter 's thomas waldrom score and a penalty try to the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead .   exeter 's opponents six tries to one at sandy park .
rajul patel , 35 , stole # 30,000 worth of irreplaceable rolex watches , jewellery and iphones from gym members has been jailed for 32 months .   patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , isleworth crown court told .   patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack .
depp plays james ` white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was arrested in 2011 .   the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday , and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day .   johnny depp plays the notorious criminal in the film .
adam leheup , 34 , cleared of rape and sexual assault by jury at blackfriars crown court .   university of greenwich graduate claimed leheup ignored her cries of ` no '   he said : ` in my experience girls say no , they do n't mean it '   during week long trial the woman had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old .   he was cleared today of raping a blind date hours after they met .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's fan club in pakistan .   he has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies .   ali was in attendance for the lfc all-stars match at anfield last month .
the museum opened in 1928 to house george v 's collection of ` big game trophies '   all 62 items have been placed in storage - including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks .   the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday .   a new sign outside the sandringham museum said it was a ` potential legal question mark ' about the room .
robin wright played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in forest gump .   they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna , had their first child two years later .   robin 's acting career is house of cards .
the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday .   there were concerns greece would default on the payment .   greece has denied it will miss a repayment of # 330million .
jaye cox and her husband matthew decided to deliver their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida .   annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at canberra hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived .   annabelle 's parents delivered a dress from jaye 's wedding gown to bury annabelle in .
eastenders , coronation street and emmerdale have been a launchpad for actors .   denise van outen will also take a new role in eastenders .   former chicago star sarah harding said she 's turned down twice before .
presenter andrew neil asked if it would be ` acceptable for education secretary to send their children to a private school '   two of his three children go to state primary school in north london with third expected to go to school .   but he has not ruled out switching them to independent schools .   labour leader ed miliband refused to support labour 's deputy leader .
akon guode was behind the wheel of a grey toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday .   one-year-old bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in plunged into the water .   the father of three siblings who died has reduced from critical and she remains in a serious condition at the royal children 's hospital .
pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .   the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives .   miss lawrence was last seen on march 18 , 2009 .
hsbc has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page .   anyone trying to access the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on hsbc.com.hk to retire .   hsbc removed the hyperlink from its main website after mistake .
the dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 aston martin db4 series iii and will be worth three times its # 220,000 price if fully restored .   but the restoration project will have to pay # 570,000 to restore a virtually-untouched db4 .   the british vehicle was supplied new in july 1961 to a robert drummond of london .
daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda died of cancer four years previously .   sir paul and ms mills had ordered a media blackout of the event in ireland .   sir paul , then 59 , went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 .
the former all black , who denies the allegations , was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the european challenge cup .   he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police .   married muliaina is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar in the brewery quarter of cardiff city centre after his irish team connacht played against cardiff blues .
morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss .   sufferers say they are constantly itching , and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow .   joni mitchell , who claims to have suffered from morgellons for most of her life , has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home .
wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning as he drove home from work .   the crash occurred near the berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot .   burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home .
hillary clinton will announce her bid to become america 's first female president this weekend .   the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter .   clinton will fly to new hampshire after her iowa swing .
the average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year .   smartphones are the most popular item , with an average of 1.7 per cent own three or more .   average briton who is online is willing to pay a maximum of # 1.53 a month for their email service , # 1.33 to use search engines , # 1.10 for video content .
four men caught on cctv robbing a service station and packing $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover .   the first man had a solid build and was wearing a white hooded jumper with a dark hood over the top , red pants and runners .   they are all wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area .
kevin pietersen only managed 19 runs against glamorgan on sunday .   england were held to a draw in the series against west indies .   pietersen has returned to the lv = county championship .
three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought .   the tentacled creature had to be dissected so it could be eaten .   the creature set before him came from english subtitles .
tory minister esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the ` scurrilous ' campaign against her after she was branded ` murderer mcvey ' in graffiti .   miss mcvey also had an election song written about her by rivals saying she was going to hell .   she said that she would not be cowered by the ` misogynistic and sexist ' attacks .
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit ' to protect services .   local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax .   levy would be used in part to deter people from buying holiday homes .
ed miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' the non-domicile status on wednesday should his party take power in the general election on may 7 .   he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .   non-domicile status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham .   he hugged her brother : ` the sun do shine ! '   hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home .   his sister , darlene gardner , said : ` thank you jesus . '
rosberg will start sunday 's race behind team-mate lewis hamilton after he missed out on pole by just 0.042 secs in shanghai .   german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .   hamilton will start from sebastian vettel third on the grid in china .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur in pakistan .   it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google 's map maker .   it is shown urinating on an apple logo .
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson ` will be back ' on the bbc .   he said there was ` no way ' she would let the material go to waste .   clarkson 's final moments on the motoring show would be aired this summer .
watford beat aitor karanka 's boro 4-3 in the premier league on saturday .   slavisa jokanovic 's men lost plus norwich in the last five minutes .   watford will return to premier league for first time since campaign .
cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville is the only one of the duo riding on tuesday with two mounts .   sean bowen scored on abidjan at newton abbot .   the season ends at sandown on saturday .
eintracht frankfurt hitman alexander meier is out for the season with a knee injury .   meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on tuesday .   meier tops the bundesliga with 19 goals .
bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21 .   the father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a ` woman 's head and moving it toward your crotch ' and calling another woman a ` b **** '   at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar .   the video was recorded by the woman 's parents .
the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate , with dylan and her husband paul arrouet have welcomed fraternal twins into the world on monday .   the couple ` are celebrating the birth of their twins '   dylan , who is founder of dylan 's candy bar , said she chose a surrogate because it 's a ` wonderful option '   she said she and her daughter ` usher in the next generation '   the twins ' nursery and babies were born
pedro hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz in 1979 .   she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder .   she spent three decades trying to hide from it .
scotland 's first minister was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die '   the uk is home to a tradition of political satire .   the snp is set to win north of the border .   it comes in the scottish assembly .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .   downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the body 's management board .   one board member said downton was just ` too accident prone '   former england captain michael vaughan said he would speak to the ecb .
manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season .   premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts .   manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay in financial fairplay rules .
jordan morris scored first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico .   morris is the first university student to be picked by usa in two decades .   he scored his third international goal and first since march 2011 .
mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .   the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent .   only a quarter think he would be ` good in a crisis ' according to poll .
the stars of martin scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie .   ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance .   scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci , who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito .
temitope adebamiro , 35 , was charged with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear early on thursday because of an ` unknown problem '   when they arrived at the home , they found adeyinka adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes .   the husband , adebamiro , their two children and a nanny had been married for more than ten years .   she said he last sent her to nigeria over christmas so he could
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before .   it 's unclear how the whale died but it does n't appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma .   the name was erased by wednesday 's high tide .
robert durst and his lawyers say he wants authorities to return more than $ 161,000 in cash taken after the real estate heir was arrested for murder .   durst was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 .   durst , the heir to a real estate fortune , now held by new orleans police , legally and it is not
flamur ukshini , 23 , from pristina , is in his final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model .   he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page .   flamur is a university student .
mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with her children stanley , 13 , and florence , eight .   swan come with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties .   cube-shaped machine has to be frozen for eight hours .
tim sherwood believes tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane .   kane has scored 29 goals in his last five games this season .   villa striker christian benteke scored a hat trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers on tuesday .
in northern philippines bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics .   the festival has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents .   thousands of penitents have marched through streets in santander .
celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich .   the ceiling height would be 9.5 ft and the room measures some 300 sq ft .   george clooney has purchased a # 10million manor house with his wife amal on an island in the thames in sonning , berkshire .
vit jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens .   mr jedlicka says that under international law he is entitled to take control of the apparently ` unclaimed ' territory '   mr jedlicka is a libertarian and says citizens living in ` liberland ' will be able to set their own individual rate of tax .   the land is the third smallest state in the world .
dustin johnson beat the old mark of 13 under set by ray floyd way back in 1976 .   it also tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major , set by three others at the second round of the masters on friday .   johnson will start the third round seven .
blagojevich was caught trying to sell obama 's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 .   blagojevich was impeached for his boot polish black hair .   blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence .
tina fey 's husband has spoken over the death of fredric brandt , 65 , on sunday as ` very sad '   it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told people magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an portrayal of himself on the netflix show .   brandt was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning .   his face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of brandt 's own appearance .
troy university students delonte ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery relating to the incident .   the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details .   calhoun of mobile , alabama was suspended from troy university along with martistee .
carolyn thorpe , 62 , was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in france .   the tree fell onto her and her daughter sarah wright was injured .   the 200-year-old ash tree was planted to celebrate the birth of napoleon i 's first son .
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed up along a 6-mile -lrb- 10km -rrb- stretch of the pacific coast of hokato , around 60 miles north of tokyo .   officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings , they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake .   experts have dismissed the claims as being ` unscientific '   researchers believe changes in behaviour linked to airborne ions .
the bodies of four people , including two boys under the age of ten , discovered in a oklahoma home on wednesday afternoon .   tulsa police said ` based on the physical evidence inside the house '   they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect .   officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father .
gavin tobeck suffered from broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack on april 1 .   the family had adopted the pit bull smash from friend of their neighbor on march 16 .   the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds .
the password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers .   hackers would need physical access to the payment devices for more than two decades .   all of its devices in the field came with the same default password .
pema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became ` pancaked ' between two floors when the quake hit .   he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck .   his face was covered in dust and medics had put an iv drop into his neck .
joan cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck .   on april 7 , san antonio police officers issued a fine to local chef and activist joan cheever .   cheever was issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a food truck .
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf-1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body .   he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now he has met performers including a bearded lady and america 's smallest couple .   ray 's offer to join the show as the ` bubble boy ' became more severe as he aged 25 years .
the sandstorm wrecked havoc across saudi arabia , oman and the united arab emirates .   by april 4 , it pushed further east to stretch across the arabia sea towards pakistan and india .   more than 450 saudi airlines flights were cancelled between wednesday and friday .
robert downey jr has been accused of making a racist remark during an interview .   the actor is promoting his new film avengers : age of ultron .   it comes three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 .
dance dj pete tong will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms .   it will take place on july 29 , with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza and will reinterpret ` club classics ' as music sounds better with you by stardust .   proms will include a late-night concert hosted by pete tong .
robert penny , 83 , of malvern east , is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 .   margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon nearly 24 years ago .   he is expected to apply for bail on monday .   penny was remanded in custody in the melbourne magistrates court on monday .
a set of 500 limited edition copies of kim kardashian 's highly-anticipated book selfish sold out less than a minute .   the special versions retailed for $ 60 per book , also came complete with a special cover .   kim 's two-piece is now sold out .
dr celia sanchez-ramos has found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness .   in extreme cases she says , it may lead to macular degeneration , which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision .   the average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day .
manchester united beat west ham united to go four points clear at the top .   adnan januzaj captained manchester united under 21 .   josh harrop scored ten minutes played for reece oxford .
steve clarke insists his reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley on saturday .   reading side are the side in the fa cup semi-final at wembley .   clarke , 51 , is a manager of west brom 's fa cup final .
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne , a village near mariupol , and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds .   mr lunev , reportedly from donetsk , received first aid at the scene by medics before he was taken to hospital .   mr lunev was taken from hospital in novoazovsk near the russian border where he later regained consciousness .
the chipworks reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone .   the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic case and antenna .   samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor .
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e. brown iii in north dakota 19 days ago .   she helped him break out of lake region correctional center , also known as devils lake .   brown was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm - and is thought to have seduced single chepulis while behind bars .
almost 30 million health records were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .   most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .   cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons to do well at school .   inquest heard she would stand in front of a fast train on tuesday to take her life .   she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 .
manchester united face manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .   louis van gaal 's men have been joint top on new year 's day to 12 points off the leaders .   manuel pellegrini 's side have won four league titles in 12 games .
justus howell , 17 , died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder .   the high school senior , who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february , was pronounced dead at the scene .   his mother said justus wanted to be a surgeon .
harry dowd played 181 games in nine years at maine road .   he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 .   former city player fred eyre paid tribute to dowd .
spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb .   he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out .   the world cup winner , and one of the barcelona cf outfit .
tomas berdych beat andy murray at the miami open in january .   murray 's former fitness trainer jez green was in the berdych camp .   murray 's fiance kim sears is in contention to join the australian open .
the world no 99 booked a quarter-final place at grand prix hassan ii event in casablanca .   london-based bedene will face third seed jiri vesely .   british number two aljaz bedene beat arthur de greef in 70 minutes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
hoda muthana , 20 , spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim .   mu muthana , who lived with her moderate muslim family until she fled to raqqa , said she feels all true muslims must join isis .   suhan rahman , muthana 's isis husband , was an australian jihadi who was killed last month fighting for the terror group .
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday 's game at chicago 's u.s. cellular field , illinois .   chicago white sox 's jeff samardzija , in the brawl with kansas city royals players during the brawl .   royals ' mike moustakas was also hit in the arm by ventura 's pitch in the fourth inning .
dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs .   jury ruled that the tibetan mastiffs should have their vocal removed removed .   jury ruled the animals were not suited to the role .
harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season .   the spurs striker has been released from the awards ceremony on sunday .   the tottenham striker features in a new animation .
four in ten britons have an average # 77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it .   43 per cent could not be bothered and 39 per cent said they did not think the value warranted the effort .   brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items .
the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business .   the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes , kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it raised with the governor 's staff .   hayes has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married .   brian 's motorcycle was split in two and doctors urged his wife to take him off life support .   danielle refused to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of seven months .
the fa cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky .   but both organisations blame each other for their rights holders , sky and the bbc .   chelsea and manchester united 's fa cup semi-final victory over reading .
russell henley tweeted his frustration to united airlines when he was en route to the master 's tournament this week .   russell henley flew to georgia last sunday .   united airlines - who misplaced his golf tournament in georgia this week - is a official carrier of the pga .
the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire , before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money .   the thief fled from the station road bank and entered a lloyds bank branch .   police say he has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and remains in police custody .
joachim low won best coach award for germany at the ballon d'or .   carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up in the world cup .   carlo ancelotti 's side won the spanish super cup in january .
a large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on friday in central california , closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people , four of them critically .   the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 .   eleven people were injured , three critically , in the explosion .
sean dyche has been lined up as a successor to steve mcclaren .   burnley manager sean dyche insists he is enjoying life at turf moor .   dyche says he remains committed to hand at newcastle .
hmas choules has been used to provide offshore accommodation to manus island detainees .   the hmas seekers were intercepted earlier in april , and are being returned through the port of vung tau , south of ho chi minh city .   the australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 asylum seekers to vietnam in a secret operation .
arsenal are keen to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain 's persistent groin problems .   the 21-year-old has been struggling with an groin problem since march 9 .   oxlade-chamberlain will miss at least two more weeks .
darren jones was seen stepping away from his podium in front of his worried-looking opponents just seconds before the programme was due to go on air .   channel was forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor .   an ambulance was called by cancelled while the programme delayed for nine minutes .
under the pact , no public holiday is triggered when anzac day falls on a saturday , as it does this year .   the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation .   if easter , christmas , australia day , the queen 's birthday or labour day fall on a weekend , a holiday is granted on a weekday .
dashcam footage shows officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock .   as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road .   police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the ` open range act ' with inadequate fencing .
elijah cook was profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids .   elijah will now undergone a more serious set of tests in a few months , at about seven-months-old .   elijah failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in coon rapids on january 2 .
x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign .   this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration .   the 19-year-old singer is the face of dry shampoo company batiste .
researchers found that people with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier , on average , than those who had no sleep problems .   at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea is most often found in middle-aged , overweight men .   the condition causes the muscles to contract during sleep , which cuts off the air supply .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month .   thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria .   the family of six have been missing from their home in slough , berkshire , since april 7 .
jenna bush hager is expecting her second daughter with henry hager live on this morning 's today show .   the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , mila , who turns two later this month , and the youngster told the world it was her ` baby sissy '   ` this is the biggest roller coaster ride there is ' , jenna said of her pregnancy .   she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy .
fulham will sound out mark warburton at craven cottage with owner shahid khan to release a budget of # 20million to spend on new players .   warburton has won only one of his last eight games .   khan , a billionaire , has 14 players out of contract .
summer robertson from shrewsbury died after drowning off the coast of south africa .   miss robertson was with three other members of a team that had completed a charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group .   miss robertson 's parents sarah and john also have two sons michael and sam .
lillian roldan says she dated castro from 2000 to 2003 , a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home .   castro in glatt 's book the lost girls as nothing short of a gentleman , who was ` completely normal ' in the bedroom , and even romantic .   she says he did keep his money stored down there and did n't want his kids to steal it .
christine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home , which had been auctioned off .   police came across a sickening scene in macon , georgia this week when they searched the home of a former animal shelter worker .   the 50-year-old 's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off .
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming .   the discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system .   experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules .
samantha cameron picked up paintbrush to help at growing zone allotment project .   prime minister 's wife was 200 miles away in west yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project .   mrs cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats .
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year .   perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be christian .   ` if your parents voted for obama , they 're evil and i do n't see how your parents could vote for someone that 's muslim ' he told wmaz .
whitney fetters has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana .   she allegedly exchanged naked photos and sexual videos with the boy , and sent him sexually suggestive text messages .   she had met the victim at the middle school when he was 12 .   one text allegedly sent by fetters to the boy read : ` touching myself is fun '
levi acre-kendall , 19 , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney 's office .   the suspect , who was held on $ 125,000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison .   kelly and his wife christie have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine .
queens park rangers team twice threw away a lead against aston villa .   christian benteke 's hat-trick came seven minutes before the game .   tony fernandes and leroy fer could return for sunday 's visit .
myer has announced it is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from wednesday 22nd .   the department store , which stocks top end australian labels including alex perry , toni maticevski , lisa ho as well as international labels balmain , will be offered second best a season .   the move by myer has brokered deals for new designer collections .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga near darwin .   the man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , rachael sheppard , told the nt police he had just gestured at the family .   the older man allegedly tried to ram her as mr mcinerney ran for cover at a petrol station .
sam holtz beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge .   sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify .   sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois .
sir alex ferguson has admitted he had to change his habits as he got older to continue managing manchester united .   the scot was appointed as the red devils manager in november 1986 at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71 .   ferguson 's honours include 13 premier league titles .
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends .   robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round .   she had to wear a protective cast last year .
the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other .   ` suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a hit-and-run , an la judge said on thursday .   knight was hit outside a compton burger stand in los angeles county and also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .
the supermarket beat major hotel , restaurant and pub chains to win the title of britain 's best breakfast .   morrisons was named best in the breakfast category , beating wetherspoons and bella italia which were shortlisted for the awards .   experts have ruled the best breakfast is available from your local morrisons .
england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott 's career was over 18 months ago .   the pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month .   cook was diagnosed as situational anxiety .
trevor noah has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans .   noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it 's believed they began dating early in 2014 .   the love birds started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for four years .
the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .   a jury panel in fall river , massachusetts , spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating hernandez 's fate before returning a guilty verdict .   former nfl player aaron hernandez is facing a second trial in a 2012 deadly drive-by shooting .
common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could cure the damage of multiple sclerosis , scientists claim .   in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres is destroyed by the disease .   miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat eczema .
victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces .   the mother told reporters that she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question ` the 1 per cent at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests .   ms prosser , who is from salford , was later removed from the studio .
the girls of the 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider tan .   the 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18 .   every female student at the school will be able to use any sharp implement to defend themselves in future .
doctors could not save eloise aimee parry , 21 , after she took the ` diet pills ' deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in britain are being sold online for just 70p each .   she found it in her daughter 's handbag after her death in hospital on april 12 .   five others have died since 2008 .
the suspects , all of somali descent , were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies .   a government official revealed the informant , who once planned to travel to syria himself , has been paid at least $ 13,000 for providing tip-offs .   families of the boys claim they came to the country for peace and they were set up by their former friend .
a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was discovered deceased and buried on a sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral .   on november 30 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand .   since january the couple , who were married last year and have three children , have been trying to claim the baby .
robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for british hospice julia 's house .   the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel 's avengers : age of ultron , it was up for grabs via $ 10 -lrb- # 6.80 -rrb- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia .   charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
noel marshall 's film roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production .   the film billed as the most dangerous ever made 35 years after its original release .   john marshall , son of alfred hitchcock , has fun with her lion neil .
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia , has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men 's public restrooms .   the proposed amendment would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender .   a bill to grant equal rights and protections to transgender individuals protect them from discrimination is a woman .
sir frank kitson said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not serving in northern ireland at the time .   mr heenan , 47 , was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus to a belfast building site .   sir frank is suing the ministry of defence and the general .
many of the smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones .   nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated .   now the radio industry are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the fm chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature .
luis figo on wednesday disputed the confederation of african football 's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent sepp blatter in the presidential elections next month .   prince ali bin al hussein of jordan and the dutch football association president michael van praag did not speak in the name of the 54 members of the confederation .   blatter does not believe sepp blatter will receive all votes from african nations .
indian creek island road boasts median house price of $ 21.48 million .   tiny population of 86 includes four of america 's top 500 richest people .   activist investor carl icahn and car dealership owner norman braman .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighbourhood after going missing last month .   they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health .   iona costello 's husband george died from a heart attack in 2012 .
carwyn scott-howell was described as a ` handsome smile lit up any room '   he fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri , 19 , in the alps .   carwyn 's family said he ` made life full of laughter with never a dull moment '   carwyn , from wales , was said to have been a ` very competent skier and snowboarder '   he lost her ski on a jump and he was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother .
emmanuel adebayor could be allowed to leave on a free transfer in the summer .   the club 's chairman daniel levy will subsidies adebayor 's wages .   tottenham are ready to grant the striker this summer .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner sonia sharrock to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter region .   one of the hardest hit areas in the state - where three people died in the severe weather , four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years .   mr spowart , in a black wetsuit , clung out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded , past trees , bushes and fences .
maternity staff at the luton and dunstable hospital failed to administer a vitamin k injection .   the man was left brain damaged as a baby after a blunder .   he now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life .
liam linford oliver-christie , 29 , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london .   officers uncovered the haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 - and oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs .   linford christie was jailed for 15 months at the same court in august 2012 for ` turning a blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home .
robert bates , 73 , has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 .   he was given special treatment when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff 's office .   documents said the department also violated training policies when they employed bates .
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has returned to australia .   he is believed to have been fighting the islamic state in the middle east .   he was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list .
dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting .   dashcam footage from a florida cop car taken in september of 2013 shows dontrell stephens being followed .   stephens has a record for possessing cocaine .
the product , phynova joint and muscle relief contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis .   until now many gps have been wary of chinese herbs , but now there is one product that we is produced safely and at the optimum dose .   sigesbeckia is a ` fan ' of herbal medicines .
a video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose .   the clip , posted on instagram and show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her .   after the camera cuts to her friends , rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page .
a woman who boarded the driver 's bus in ozone park , queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter .   she was seen with both hands on a piece of paper .   the bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on saturday inside a jail in dhaka .   the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers .   his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .
kevin franklin , of dunstable , says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month .   mr franklin 's son bradley is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability .   the 53-year-old father put the lights up on his council house last november .
moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada .   anderson 's wife daniella on anderson on test match special at lunch .   former team-mate graeme swann said he used to wind him up .
ivan novoseltsev was on one knee at the olimp-2 stadium to ask katerina keyru to marry him .   fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev propose to his girlfriend on the pitch .   fc rostov 's fourth win against torpedo moscow on monday night .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy have been fitted with a lumberjack shirt .   the old tiger woods said he did n't win his club in his right arm .   woods said it was a good way to win the augusta .
nearly two-thirds of gps were not willing to join into larger groups to ensure that at least one in the area is open to patients on saturdays and sundays .   the british medical association also found 63 per cent were opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week .   the number of patients going to a&e dropped by between 8 and 10 per cent .
five hundred years later , just one of the inca rope bridges remains .   villagers work on renewing the last inca rope bridge in the andes near huinchiri , peru .   the inca kingdom was connected by some 200 , all made by hand .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .   weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice .   weaver , born in arkansas , became the world 's oldest person on wednesday following the death of misao okawa who died at the age of 117 on wednesday .
charlie bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search .   he said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .   taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother .
hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever born in the uk .   he was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers .   hagrid 's owners believe he may be biggest ever lamb born in uk .
chelsea 's oriol romeu is currently on a season-long loan at stuttgart .   chelsea 's aston villa and liverpool play at wembley in the fa cup semi-final .   romeu romeu predicts the weekend 's premier league matches .
kevin de bruyne has 16 assists and nine goals this season .   franck ribery says de bruyne is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola .   de bruyne and robben 's contracts run out in 2017 .
mark o'meara is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .   the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second .   o'meara carded a 68 on day two and will still be in the running at the weekend .
furious 7 maintained first place for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $ 29.1 million .   fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 .   on friday , furious 7 joined the $ 1 billion club at the worldwide box office .
frank knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the championship 's basement club .   supporters have been protesting against the oystons before matches and then not attending the games .   knight is a lifelong fan of the seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year .
rachel sandridge , 29 , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .   she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and underwent a routine endoscopy .   but her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample .   she is now cancer-free and has dropped her weight from about 430lbs to about 288lbs before her gastric bypass .
the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge visited london on thursday .   pippa middleton will be a dress for charity and pippa middleton .   jemima vine rules the roost roost .
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth .   it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth 's atmosphere .   the accelerator would be located in space , 185 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- above the ground .
jimmy white 's bid to qualify for the first time since 2006 ended on monday .   he lost 10-8 to world no 30 selt in his qualifying opener on saturday .   he lost all six world championship finals .
danny ings is set to leave turf moor when his contract expires .   mario balotelli and rickie lambert appear set to depart at the end of the season .   manchester city and real sociedad remain in the frame for ings .
rumours suggest apple is about to abandon the 6s later this year in favour of going straight for the iphone 7 .   people on sprint in the uk can now use their iphones to make calls using the web .   wi-fi calling routes calls through a wi-fi network instead of using mobile signal .
ed miliband accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by david cameron for the mediterranean refugee crisis .   labour leader used keynote campaign speech to suggest crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of mr cameron 's foreign policy .   miliband apologise for ` outrageous and disgraceful ' remarks .
as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the pga golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition .   a letter penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at augusta national .   spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden .   he will risk his heavyweight belt for the 18th time .   he would still need six additional wins to match louis ' record of 25 .
damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a ` selfie generation '   he was once the driving force behind britpop in the 1990s .   he became known for his very public spat with oasis ' gallagher brothers .   he believes that they can make political statements in the run up to election .
those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash .   the tractor-trailer plowed into an suv , then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames .   all five of the dead were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro , about 30 miles from the crash site .
founded by shannon dooley , 30 , the aerobics classes are all about ` making fitness fabulous '   retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school workouts made famous by jane fonda .   it has 12 dance tracks and dooley on the treadmill day in and day out .   it also features choreography , jumping and athletic dance .
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else .   about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal .   they also believed that the person they were with was warmer and more likeable .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm .   carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news .   the two married on october 17 , 1940 , only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio .
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the hgv for several miles .   an impatient driver who attempted to overtake a lorry lost control and destroyed the caravan he was towing .   he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost .
richard attenborough 's possessions will be sold for up sale at auction house bonhams .   lord attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film .   he is expected to sell for # 700 .
kevin bowes , 53 , lost several teeth and had nine ` avoidable ' dental procedures at the hands of dr nicholas crees at his guisborough practice .   his teeth were reduced to ` apple cores ' has won # 30,000 in damages from his former dentist after dental neglect .   a specialist children 's unit said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay .
the lone black incumbent councilman , dwayne james , was not up for re-election .   the election came just over a month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city .   voter turnout increased only 12.3 percent of registered voters last april .
alison saunders , the director of public prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of a legal challenge over her decision not to charge lord janner and said she would not quit .   and in her first interview since she announced lord janner would not face trial she refused to quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue '   uk 's top prosecutor said she is too ill to be put on trial .   victims have accused her of ` damaging public confidence ' in justice system
officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ` town of twins '   edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of buzim .   local journalist nedzib vucelj said he gave birth to twins during the war .   the town 's mayor agan bunic wants to turn it into a bosnian town .
fabio borini appeared as a second-half substitute in liverpool 's 2-0 win against newcastle at anfield on monday .   the former sunderland striker made the day out at adventure park go ape at delamere forest park on tuesday .   fabio borini has scored once in 17 appearances for liverpool this season .
aaron hernandez was captain of his high school football team in his senior year .   he was a key part of the super bowl and signed a five-year contract extension .   he had a baby girl , a fiancee and an $ 1.5 million mansion in boston .   hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three .
two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday .   robert cusanelli of boston 's whdh-tv was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the case .   he said he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors were parking .
denis cuspert , 39 , dubbed the ` goebbels of isis ' sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france , rapping ` we want your blood '   this follows reports british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events .   he calls on jihadist sleeper cells in europe to carry out terrorist attacks .   cuspert had been a rapper under the name dogg .
manchester city 's new york city fc manager jason kreis was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time on thursday night .   philadelphia union has won a late draw in a match against mehdi ballouchy .   frank lampard will return to the premier league for the club .
hugo mbaeri , 25 , is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey .   he allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at nationwide building society , a court heard .   he is in the dock with seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away .
manchester united 's megastore will see their agreement with the club expire .   some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed .   manchester united mascot fred the red is at the old trafford shop .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the top of the premier league .   eden hazard 's strike was jose mourinho 's side at stamford bridge .   john terry 7 , cesc fabregas and nemanja matic scored for chelsea .
carl bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze was started by a candle in his palmerston rental property last month .   the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend , suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm .   bradey awoke to the screams of his partner in the early hours of march 14 as the house they were sleeping in was engulfed in flames .
psv eindhoven won ajax 's first eredivisie title since 2008 .   memphis depay scored the title with three games to spare .   louis van gaal 's chief scout won the eredivisie championship .
kenneth crowder , 41 , attacked a police officer after being shocked with a taser twice while claiming he was god .   crowder was arrested in melbourne , facing charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a tree .   he was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god and he had put on jeans and a t-shirt and walked toward the officer with his own police badge .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   more than three decades after he was incarcerated , crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
louis van gaal was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant .   duggan has removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook .   manchester united manager was at the wing 's restaurant .
theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a flat in london five years ago .   she noticed a foul smell from her bathroom and discovered her dream home .   but she says she now hopes to move .
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star .   the launch window opens for 20 days starting on july 31 , 2018 .   over 24 orbits , the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun .
sally white , 28 , rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation .   his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days .   when sally married surveyor mark white .   30 , she wanted the horse called miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations .
the house 's top vote counter on monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the senate finished the voting process .   senators later voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks .   the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran if a senate committee axed key portions of the bill .
a dad created this t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter .   the image was first shared on reddit under the headline ` dad security ' at the weekend .   his page had been shared more than 45,000 times .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months .   her partner kelly bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part-time teacher .   they were terminated after the director , barbara twachtman , heard rumors about the two and asked pfeiffer whether she was seeing bardier .
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the polo lounge in the beverly hills hotel .   the real housewives of beverly hills star then became very angry and shouted ` do n't you know who i am ? '   kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the bathroom - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out .   after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender .
the united states began secretly tracking phones long before the events of 9/11 or passage of the patriot act .   in 1992 , a drug enforcement operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the u.s. to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking , including every country in both north and south america .   the dea program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the justice department .
us president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran .   iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb iran 's nuclear program .   many of obama 's republican opponents in congress have been skeptical of a deal .
kelvin day has played in his first pga tour event for the shell houston open on sunday .   kelvin day is a real 36 hole lottery with two rounds of 64 .   casey and justin rose will be three shots behind the leaders .
five highest-earning nhs dentists paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   thousands of patients struggle to get on books of nhs practices .   further 11 dentists paid between # 400,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .
manhattan 's fifth avenue was among the more conservative hat-wearers in the annual easter parade .   bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among new conservative hat-wearers at the fifth avenue parade on sunday .   mayor bill de blasio says it 's all about versatility .
shanay walker was found cold and stiff in her bed in nottingham last july .   her aunt is currently on trial for her murder .   the prosecution claim shanay was subject to repeated acts of cruelty at the hands of her aunt and grandmother juanila smikle , until she was eventually killed by a ` vicious and sustained attack ' last july .
the type of baby food being recalled is ` stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars .   stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled .   customers can be refunded or receive an exchange .
bayern munich restored lead at top of bundesliga back to 10 points .   pep guardiola has hands on his heads on the ground .   bayern beat borussia dortmund 2-0 .
in the bag , 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub died on the journey from jakarta to moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found .   the suspect could face up to seven years in prison .   more than 100 exotic animals were found stuffed in the suitcase .
kurt zouma was in a defensive midfield role against manchester united .   chelsea 's 1-0 win at stamford bridge is 10 against 10 .   marouane fellaini has been linked with a move to chelsea .
twitter , facebook and youtube agreed to remove chilling images of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint by left wing extremists .   turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .   turkey has demanded domestic newspapers stop running the ` terrorist propaganda ' images .
surgeon sergio canavero has no problem with anyone branding him dr frankenstein .   he hopes to operate on his first patient , a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease , and said he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union .   critics say dr canavero 's plans are a fantasy .
fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio 's waterways , which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish .   the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions .   previous fish die-offs in the lake have been blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen levels .
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended texas rangers game .   on tuesday , crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the socialite .   manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems .
trussell trust asks for a ` donation ' of # 1,500 from churches and community groups .   volunteers are told to pay for trust 's staff , pr advice and relationships with supermarkets .   one million figure was fed more than a million hungry people last year .
miley cyrus attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio .   miley , 22 , had given her razor a night off .   she paid honour to rocker joan jett on saturday .
ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables .   she made one change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg -lrb- 24 lbs -rrb- in just three months .   for every meal she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes.here .
great british bake off host sue perkins is now the favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .   coral presenter dermot o'leary is third at 5-2 .   clarkson will be back on the channel later this month .
police in surrey hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year before holding up an esso petrol station .   the men forced their way into the manager 's office of the filling station in town end , caterham , surrey early last wednesday .   they were disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled .
franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena .   klopp has already announced that he will be leaving borussia dortmund in the summer .   klopp won two bundesliga titles in seven years .
the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant .   he was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said it was likely he died of a heart attack .   kuta is known internationally for its long sandy beach .
the teenager from the henan province in central china appears to have had surgery on her jaw , chin and eyes .   she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her weibo account - a chinese social media platform .   the girl has over 24,000 likes on chinese internet portal tencent .
gale force winds destroy 135km/h of frames on social media this morning .   many have seen their trusty shelters ca n't withstand cyclone strength conditions .   with winds of up to 135km/h the east coast are the hashtag #umbrellageddon .
nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 .   many said their children were not mature enough to learn the skill .   many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found .
juan mata has revealed wayne rooney believes england can win euro 2016 in france .   rooney has not played for spain since the 2014 world cup in brazil .   manchester united 's player of the month is a team to look out for .
the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hayes , and paige reifler for the spread .   the images feature in all 32 national and international editions of harper 's bazaar this season .   gigi hadid , and seven other models , have channeled their inner ` beauty queens ' to celebrate the spring season .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault and neglect of a care-dependent person .   parler 's son , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible .   police say she traveled to montgomery county to visit her boyfriend after abandoning the non-verbal 21-year-old in the woods .
cleveland fire officials say bricks collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. monday but no one was injured .   the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no injuries were reported .   the driver of the car has not been identified .
chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed particular jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved .   some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall .   comics at the bbc must go through a process to get jokes on air .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
richard kerr , 53 , said he was abused by ` very powerful ' figures in a westminster paedophile ring .   he was one of three youngsters taken from the home in belfast to london in the 1970s .   claims will add weight to calls for allegations about irish children 's home to be covered by official abuse inquiry .
manchester city apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off at crystal palace .   the premier league champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash at selhurst park .   vincent kompany was sent on their way from the etihad stadium at 1.30 pm by city legend mike summerbee .
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning .   but after developing agonizing toothache she was breastfeeding him in the dentist 's chair .   tayler was assured by employees she could bring her baby to the facility .
the april lunar eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons .   the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 .   in the lead up to the rare event on easter saturday , the sydney observatory has been warned their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night .
the unnamed man died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob -lrb- vcjd -rrb- disease in may 2014 , just 18 months after he showed symptoms , was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east .   the man 's illness resulted from his eating tainted uk beef before he moved to the united states in the 1990s .   cdc report claims the man likely contracted the disease over a decade .
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 .   ms d'argent recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service .   the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism '   ms d'argent
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the edinburgh derby .   stuart mccall had his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .   nicky clark and nicky clark both scored in the race .
libby jane wilson was playing in a tunnel at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire on sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet , which bit her face .   the dog 's owner did n't check if her daughter was hurt and fled with two puncture marks on her face , narrowly missing her eye .   libby 's mother christie wilson , 21 , said libby jane had been playing in the tunnel and kicked the dog away from her before the dog ran over .
maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' when they drove through the country last year .   the bbc claimed the plate , which read h982 fkl , was an ` unhappy coincidence '   clarkson and his former top gear colleagues fled the south american last year .   they were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons .   ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position .   dr henry miller joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .
world record holder paula radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career .   radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot .   the former world champion says she has never been far from tears in her career .
timothy rogalski called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone .   the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .   he has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct .
the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever .   east coast lows are common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter .   they can also dump hundreds of rain and causing flash flooding and flooding .   an estimated 100,000 homes are without power on tuesday morning across sydney , the central coast and hunter region .
estimates suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking .   this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and the flaw leaves any information , even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection , potentially open to hackers .   the flaw was active between 24 january until it was flagged up on 25 march .
west ham starting xi on saturday included six summer signings .   sam allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with a full barclays premier league season .   allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly .   mrs sedway , who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer , posted an emotional video on her facebook page .   the married mother of three , her husband is returning home to california monday after they were kicked off the flight .
anthony horowitz was the uk 's top-selling children 's author last year .   he singled out walliams ' gangsta granny for criticism , as well as the diary of a wimpy kid books by author jeff kinney .   green 's book , the fault in our stars , tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer .
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region .   41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of committing , a crime .   legal age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is ten .
burnley striker danny ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach .   real sociedad have yet to sign him up in the england under 21 international .   ings ' contract expires in the summer .
health secretary promised a crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected .   jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after election .   comments led from all political parties and health experts .   some could dodge tax by channelling salaries through personal companies .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child .   the 60-year-old died last september , 14 months after she was diagnosed with a large tumour in her right lung .   his family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for mrs barnett 's death .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels .   this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down .   sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current .
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after leaving rehab .   the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate , ' and tuesday night .   he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and was released from rehab after entering a facility .   manziel was ` doing great ' in rehab , and had a $ 14 million contract .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries .   with only seven months to organise everything , epiphany , 23 , left her job at a film production company to freelance and work as a senior editor at an advertising agency .   the couple set off to their first destination - the us .
frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled .   chaos ensued after network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train .   thousands of commuters were left stranded at waterloo station during rush hour .
researchers at the university of washington found that robots designed for surgery could be ` easily ' hacked in to .   this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to stop them working .   teleoperation means an operator can use the robot remotely through a control console .
cressida bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single .   split from prince harry in new interview to promote role as new muse .   says she was ` strong , independent woman ' by her acting career .
` the typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden , ' says author sarah flower .   a diet rich in oily fish , whole grains , lean protein , fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients .   ms flower believes we are still not doing enough .
two sisters from oklahoma and nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in michigan survived on girl scout cookies while stuck in their disabled suv .   leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released .   they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning to head south april 11 .
stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 as the golden state warriors held off the los angeles clippers 110-106 .   blake griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds , and j.j. redick scored 14 .   thompson and curry scored 16 points for the pacific division champions .
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ` leftist ' alternative to clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections .   the mayor 's bid for presidency is backed by the working families party , and he hopes left-leaning ` progressive activists ' will join them in supporting him .   bill de blasio has yet to endorse hillary clinton as the democrats ' presidential candidate .
nathaniel clyne has been told he is england 's first choice right-back .   southampton defender has started england 's previous four matches .   clyne joined carlton cole at a football fighting ebola event in london .
romelu lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury .   roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to .   the belgium international has been linked with hamstring injury .
southampton missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points .   schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first premier league goal since september .   morgan schneiderlin says southampton are struggling to give up on their top four .
lanarkshire police has urged anyone who has seen the symbols on their properties to call them .   so far the code has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire , where ` x ' marks were daubed on several garden sheds .   other marks could suggest that the occupant is a good target or has an alarm .
lorenzo simon , 34 , of west midlands and his girlfriend michelle bird used their friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body .   simon was found guilty of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years at birmingham crown court today and bird .   police have now released cctv footage showing her stuffed into a suitcase and threw it into a canal , a court heard .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over 15 years .
figures appear to vindicate david cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy .   eurosceptics lead trade missions all over the eu for six months in a row .   britain has exported more goods to europe than five years .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to tower view hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack .   she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls after her windows were smashed and she received an abusive phone call on channel 4 's ` four in a bed '   on hotel cctv of the incident , a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand .   police are
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals .   the bayern munich boss says he wants to stop lionel messi next month .   guardiola left the club in 2012 .
the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ` to all intents and purposes i am a woman ' and said his third wife kris knew about his desire to be female .   on monday , close family friend kathie lee gifford said on nbc 's today that kris did n't know bruce 's secret and she 's still ` trying to get her act together '   previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on the program .   kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil .   his wife admits that suarez did n't believe he did n't bite giorgio chiellini .   the uruguayan was condemned by world football but still completed # 75million move from liverpool .
richie benaud was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the response on twitter as a tribute to the ` great man '   jonathon stevenson was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets .   mr stevenson is a director at livewire sport , almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the cricket legend 's death .   the young english fan wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling .
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated .   ' i do n't want to ' , doctors say he is no longer diabetic , and he is off medication .   for years , geoff was ill .
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium .   erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on josephine 's profile .   tinder - a global dating app - 21 million matches each day .
male mountain gorillas can reach the age of 40 , weigh between 300 and 485lb .   the gorilla 's friend was standing at the back of the enclosure at omaha 's zoo .   family have fled to safety after the incident .
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil party 's latest proposal to improve education standards .   as mr cameron tried to help school pupil lucy howarth read a story about ` prince ronald ' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces .   pm wants to see children who achieve poor sats results will be forced to resit them in secondary school .
amir khan has announced he will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30 .   the bolton fighter lost his last bout against manny pacquiao in november .   khan was linked with bouts against broner and keith thurman .
the new director of cricket is announced .   paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket .   england cricket board national selector james whitaker set to finish his position in the role .
napoli coach rafa benitez has yet to sign a contract extension .   the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season .   benitez could replace manuel pellegrini at the campaign .
male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs .   dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions which could reach 2.5 feet to attract a mate .   researchers believe they have come up to tell fossils of small dinosaurs .
the party 's only mp caroline lucas at fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are .   it comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments .   but party activists urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion .
eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality .   officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed .   his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid .
matt prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire .   he will lead his own team in the race for the first time .   the former england cricketer is ceo in the chorley grand prix .
rebecca hannibal , 19 , has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend georgina bartter with ` purple speaker ' ecstasy pills in the lead up to the harbourlife dance festival .   ms bartter is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night .   she collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to st vincent 's hospital but died from multiple organ failure .
a perth woman claimed she cured her cancer using a dietary program where she ate vast amounts of pineapple .   she initially had surgery to remove tumours from her neck that september and she underwent a course of radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer in december .   when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body .
efe obada will fly out to texas next month for rookie mini-camp .   obada only started playing american football half way through last season .   efe obada has been mentored by the dallas cowboys .
rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of stuart mccall .   the ibrox winger claimed that mccall 's training ground methods are superior to the previous management 's ` for me '   templeton has made since his home meeting with back-to-back wins last month .   former boss mccoist was on loan at rangers .
barcelona scored three goals and all but ended the tie against paris saint-germain .   luis suarez was the star man for barcelona .   gregory van der wiel and david luiz scored for barcelona .
derby twice came from behind to share the points at huddersfield .   former england and manchester united player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors , one in each half .   huddersfield have three goals ruled out .
leaj jarvis price was reportedly gunned down by eric heath price .   she ran into the office in jemison screaming ` call the police '   he was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head .   he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price .
arjen robben has said he has ` felt disabled ' during his latest spell on the sidelines with a abdominal injury .   the holland international has missed his side 's last three games for bayern munich and is expected to miss the upcoming champions league tie against porto .   bayern munich winger robben has revealed he will be able to start running again .
manchester united and manchester city beat united 1-0 at old trafford .   louis van gaal 's side have lost form at the start of the year .   van gaal and manuel pellegrini are in good form for manchester city .
marilyn zuniga , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , assigned her third-grade class to write ` get well ' letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer was suspended friday .   preliminary inquiries found zuniga did not seek approval from administrators nor were parents notified .   she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation .
jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars .   the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water .   drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter .
southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested in signing him in the summer .   the mexico international has been on loan at real madrid .   hernandez could be bought for # 8m .
those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of lower manhattan from the 1500s to the present day .   the video , shared by the new york times on monday , will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory .   visitors will be able to travel through time when one world trade center opens next month .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on sunday .   glenn murray and jason puncheon scored in the first half .   manuel pellegrini says he does not fear the sack .
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs .   the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth .   gary anderson drew with raymond van barneveld .
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see .   but the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the vatican .   mr stefanini worked as number two to the french ambassador at the vatican , the smallest country in europe .
stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke .   police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner 's toyota hilux , a set of school keys thought to belong to ms scott inside the property .   detectives had first arrived at the property on wednesday night .
jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison , a system that was established in 2008 and allows mothers , like jayla to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences .   jayla 's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .   mothers and their babies have private rooms in one housing unit .
from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an antigua retreat with giorgio armani as a neighbour .   for $ 18 million or $ 20 million , it can all be yours .   this lionard property is a luxury villa with one view .
one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays .   british airways , ryanair and flybe among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights .   walkout by france 's biggest union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday .
research found that gaming boosts the ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately , and puts gamers in an ` expert category ' of problem solving .   but the researchers note they are not sure if gaming makes people learn skills better - or if people are more likely to become gamers .   researchers pitted nine gamers against a control group of nine people .
kevin jonas rojano-nieto ` did not intend to harm ' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in june .   he has handed a 10-year sentence to a 20-year-old child rapist .   rojano-nieto was found guilty on december 3 of raping the girl .
father damian maria montes , 29 , claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old .   but he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to ` make sense of life '   priest has been compared to italian nun sister christina from madrid .   he said : ` angels is one of my favourite songs in the world .
ivana chubbuck 's client list includes eva mendes , charlize theron , gerard butler , sharon stone and many others .   so powerful are her methods she reduced beyoncé knowles to tears within five minutes .   the singer was topping the charts with single ladies .
the 34-year-old victoria 's secret angel shows off her latino style and golden tan .   dafiti , latin america 's largest online fashion retailer , has launched its own fashion collection , the dafiti collection .   it also teamed up with marlon teixeira , laura neiva , dani braga and ricardo barbato to showcase new collection .
a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality .   sgt. jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 .   the complaint also sang the sexist songs with the airmen and she did not hear back from him .
paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground .   kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker in the back of the head .   court heard the boy had been ` allowed to run wild ' at preston crown court .
keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year .   he left one , an army lance corporal , in a coma and severely brain damaged .   he was n't given a cigarette has been jailed for seven years .
the german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule .   the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host the race .   f1 races have started to move away from europe .
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends .   the 21-year-old has not played since the australian open more than 15 months ago .   robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round .
a student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name .   the student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman .   the university is demanding he identify himself publicly .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world .   it was run by portugal until 1999 when it started china .   judith chalmers and her husband visited the city in the appeal .
hamdi ulukaya , the founder and ceo of chobani , has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire .   the two were married just two years in the 1990s and ulukaya 's company was not an issue .   giray first sued ulukaya in 2012 for a 53 percent stake in the company .
rangers will face hearts at tynecastle on may 3 , 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play .   hibernian are upset that rangers ' final game of the season has been pushed back for tv purposes .   easter road chief executive leanne dempster also backed hibs ' stance .
marylin stoneman stole more than # 22,000 from her grandmother 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at cedar house .   but the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to # 200 a day to feed her gambling habit .   the 64-year-old stole # 22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just # 1,350 .
set in 200 acres of land near bridgnorth , shropshire , the chyknell hall estate also boasts a swimming pool , tennis court , stables and even its own cricket green .   its centrepiece , the 11-bedroom chyknell hall , was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since .   it is thought the regency home could attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy .
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty .   the move is expected to drive a spike in countries like ireland , germany and the netherlands .   a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out .
detective inspector raymond falconer identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire .   bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   martin lost three of his family and has no evidence to suggest the fire may not have been an accident .
jose mourinho was fined # 25,000 for chelsea 's 2-1 win against stoke .   the former real madrid manager insists he is not a hypocrite .   chelsea boss said there was ' a campaign ' against his side .
kazi islam , 18 , sent messages via his blackberry to harry thomas , 19 , who had learning difficulties , persuading him to buy parts for a bomb .   a court has heard that islam , who is accused of preparing for terrorism , used ` cake ' as code for bomb in his messages to make an explosive device .   islam , from east london , met mr thomas at barking and dagenham college .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
dc-based company called united space structures wants to create new space station .   would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity .   would be 1,300 ft -lrb- 400 metres -rrb- long , cost # 200 billion -lrb- $ 300 billion -rrb- and take 30 years to build .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university have found evidence that the human bones found in gough 's cave in somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed .   they found tooth marks on many of the bones , which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992 .   farmers from villages up to 12 miles away discovered cut marks on 7,000 year old human remains buried in a cave in puglia , south eastern italy .
richard howarth , 35 , says he gets so agitated when he sees mr farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill .   medical recruitment consultant says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when ukip leader nigel farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick '   mr howarth said he has developed an allergy to educate himself on ukip policies .   phobia expert says mr farage appears or physically sick .
paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in .   the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .   edible capsules could check the person 's glucose levels or blood pressure .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit .   hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013 .   the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial .
a selection of 36 sweets - including cola bottles , jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale , all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients .   morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters so that muslim customers do n't have to check the ingredients of their sweets .   the scheme include blackburn , bolton , preston , birmingham , leamington spa and three in london .
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign .   sportsmail picks out five favourites from over the years .   liverpool stars unveiled the new liverpool kit to fans at anfield on friday .
atletico madrid 's vicente calderon is a la liga record for a goalkeeper .   thibaut courtois , david de gea and gareth bale are all in the champions league .   cristiano ronaldo and miguel moya could make the difference .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in new jersey .   he tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .   he was taken to the hospital in ridgewood via ambulance .
vassilis was born in a boat on the island of ammouliani .   but she was too late to live from her home .   the eagles palace hotel is a escape zone for family holidays .
one in five nsw families have admitted to sedating their children before taking them on long car trips .   medical community claim the sedative phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects .   phenergan is far too unpredictable to use as a sedative on children .
bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits .   comes in ` blue denim ' colour options on australian website for $ 59.95 .   nine separate products have identical female versions which cost more .
stephen dodd tweeted picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula on their knees in liverpool 's anfield ground .   mr dodd 's post was made after liverpool took on blackburn rovers in the fa cup last month .   liverpool promised to take ` appropriate action ' against the supporter .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   batarfi is among aqap 's top regional commanders .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of abusing his wife by having sex with her when she no longer had the capacity to consent because of her dementia .   mr rayhons had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact .   he was found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison .
dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of sandstorm .   flights bound for dubai international airport have had to be diverted because of poor visibility .   another eight flights sent to alternate al maktoum international at dubai world central from other regional airports .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 at wembley to win champions league final .   bayern munich and real madrid will face wolfsburg or bayern vs monchengladbach .   der klassiker scored five minutes from time as bayern defeated dortmund 2-1 .
suffering of jalila is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by islamist organisation .   human rights watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight .   one child said she was ` owned ' and raped by seven men .
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house , each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles .   his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs .   but at 56 says he wants more children even though he admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .   if they each spent just a year in care , the bill would be # 2.4 million .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree , after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour kay daye .   but magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty she had acted with good intentions .   council officials had told ms gaynor that she could trim the tree near her home in rotherham .
shadow chancellor said letter left in treasury by former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 was just a ` jokey note '   the note has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office and was used by david cameron in the seven-way leaders debate .   he said labour would cut the deficit at # 90billion a year every year .   but he was told if labour was ` credible ' and could be economy .
shah jahah khan , 62 , and muslim convert ibrahim anderson , 38 , both from luton , each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation .   the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about isis on august 9 last year .   anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court with a long white beard and islamic dress .
the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat .   gen. singh 's visit to pakistan 's high commission made against the media .   the comment has not been sacked .
developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish the john nash-designed park crescent west and rebuild it as apartments .   the crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design .   residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals .
zimbabwe could become first test playing country to tour pakistan since gunmen attacked sri lanka team bus in lahore six years ago .   shaharyar khan will meet with officials of the zimbabwe cricket union on an icc meeting in dubai next week .   pakistan 's limited overs captain elton chigumbura could lead his side in a series in pakistan .
taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including mars bars , snickers , vegan and dairy-free .   her app has 50 recipes .   this is the top five favourite bars and drink on itunes .
victoria police had dropped the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month .   one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped .   ms gibson has expressed concern over her family 's safety in her first comments to media .
former u.s. marine charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan in april when an avalanche that killed 16 sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp .   ` it is just how determined you are , ' linville said in kathmandu on his way to tibet in neighboring china next month .   he was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan and was hit by another explosive device .
youtube user micahmedia has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water .   but his hand over the top of the egg has been loosened from the egg .   the video was uploaded in january this year currently has over 16million views .
irish scored three tries through alex lewington and andrew fenby with two penalties .   prop , richard palframan , made his first premiership start with jebb sinclair in the back row .   mike haley claims other with danny cipriani scored two penalties and a conversion .
genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes .   it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available over 18s in the us .   the app is available for free from facebook 's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address .
the west brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia .   peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for next season .   aston villa are already in talks with buyers .
robert hugel , 83 , his wife marianne hugel , 80 , died along with 70-year-old neighbor gloria greco , 76 , in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning .   it appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage , but it was unclear for how long .   neighbors remove one of the bodies from a home where four people were found dead on friday .
neil bantleman was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down .   sentence sparked outrage from supporters who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in indonesia .   also standing trial for abusing the children is ferdinand tjiong , an indonesian teaching assistant at the school .
efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive at the baby 's inquest this week .   coroner in pembrokeshire said new parents were given advice over how tired they could be when they slept in the same bed as their child .   welsh government 's ` reducing the risk of cot death ' leaflet says parents should not share a bed with a baby if they ` feel very tired ' , take drugs , smoke , or have drunk alcohol .
stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer .   in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections .   she also spent some time at facebook , and also worked for the event-organizing website eventbrite .
former spokesman for the glazer family has written an account of his time with manchester united chiefs .   the glazers ' takeover of manchester united was met with huge protests by supporters in 2004 .   son joel glazer refused to believe fans could ` hate ' them .
hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality .   many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina .   the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police .
social services minister scott morrison has announced they will no longer be able to access childcare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids .   families who do vaccinate their kids are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 .   ` conscientious objector ' exemption on children 's vaccination has been effective since the howard government .
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey .   sergio aguero scored the winning goal in argentina 's 2-1 win over ecuador .   sergio aguero had opened the scoring for manchester united defender marcos rojo .
leah o'brien was killed when the car she was hit by a vehicle carrying two students on their way to the lakeside high school prom .   o'brien 's fiancé , alton hines , recently spoke out about the night he found out o'brien had been killed .   hines was waiting for his fiancé , a high school student , faces multiple charges .
crystal palace co-chairman steve parish posed for a picture at selhurst park with alan pardew , england boss roy hodgson , one of the original members of the rolling stones and avid palace fan .   pardew used seven englishmen including matchwinner jason puncheon .   england no 1 joe hart and james milner were played for city .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for # 17.1 million .   the chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his home .   the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building .
tom doyle of estate agents lloyds property group said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence .   the beachfront properties are the latest in the so-called millionaires ' row in poole , dorset , to go on the market .   but after buying the plot for # 4.25 m developers eked out every square on the area by building two homes .
a police body camera recorded the interaction .   thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he allegedly charged at them with a knife .   the mother told police her son ` was talking about going on a `` journey ' `` and a mission '' and mentioned a `` black revolution , ''   police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon .
david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing .   his wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face .   bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault .
the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap .   silverman accused martin of paying her $ 50 less than barry to perform .   but silverman has been forced to apologize after she revealed the story was false .
hamayun tariq , a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in dudley in west midlands , shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds .   tariq served a sentence for fraud in isis in syria last year .   father-of-two says he hopes will be ` best electronics lab in the islamic state '   components are seen organised on shelves and instruction in the room .
jack grealish has taken time out from national duty seven months ago .   the 19-year-old will decide his international future at the end of the season .   grealish has played for the republic of ireland against england in june .
rita wilson took to her twitter account on wednesday to thank her supporters , one day after she has breast cancer and undergone double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery .   rita , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' this month , revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer .   her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week .
jim carroll , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists '   sbs news reporter ellie laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics .   the australian written on monday , with sarah abo one of the journalists saying she and other journalists were hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill .
on tuesday jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 .   the tlc stars also shared this image that had written on a white onesie .   she is the third child to marry .
the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday .   the time change affects all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia .   clocks will spring forward again on october 4 .
freddie roach says floyd mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside manny pacquiao as the american 's unbeaten record and hot favourite for the fight of the century in las vegas a week on saturday .   roach said he rated andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin .   roach says mayweather can not be considered best ever .
at lord 's , mcc flags were lowered , and the australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a test series as his country 's captain became a commentator .   david cameron said he had ` grown up listening to richie benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary '   benaud tony abbott called it ` a sad day for australia '   at 74 , benaud is still as fit as a flea .   richie benaud will not be able cricket next summer .
david beckham converted in 2002 world cup finals against italy .   mauricio pochettino , 43 , is manager for englishmen of english football .   mason has paid tribute to his faith in homegrown talent .
chris lane , 22 , from melbourne , was shot in the back on august 16 , 2013 , when he was on a sporting scholarship .   if found guilty , chancey luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without release of release .   lane 's parents , peter and donna lane will be called as witnesses .
children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals .   they swabbed stuffed animals that were brought into hospital by children .   researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child 's toys .
swansea city host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .   west ham united host stoke city at 3pm -lrb- saturday -rrb- .   liverpool host newcastle united on sunday .
the space agency announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade .   ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence , ' ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa .   the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year .   ` until they are removed , i wo n't be able to find a job and will be stuck on benefits , ' says miss bennett , who resigned from her last role because she felt ` left out ' by colleagues , and is hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her to have laser removal .   miss bennett claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last
sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to vote in next month 's general election .   campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics .   campbell , 40 , last month ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington after sir malcolm rifkind announced he would be standing down .
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy in edmonton , north london .   the boy , who can not be named , pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry , a builder , as he got into a lift following a row .   the old bailey heard the boy would not let the boy and his friends into block of flats .
ruben blundell , 6 , was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night .   the family had to deliver the baby at home - and ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe .   left with no time to get to the hospital .
joshua smith was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital , where he was pronounced dead .   joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the middle of the night .   police have said they are not treating joshua 's death as suspicious .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon .   footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius .   he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear .
on april 22 , 2015 , reversed the sole conviction against baseball slugger barry bonds and said he could not be tried again on an obstruction of justice charge .   bonds broke hank aaron 's career record of 755 homers in 2007 .   he was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011 .
jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news .   he told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show .   stewart has now set an official exit date .
angela buckler , 34 , said the cyclist rode off without showing any remorse .   despite leaving harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth .   incident took place while family were parking up to go shopping on path .   harry had to be treated at addenbrooke 's hospital in cambridge for cuts and bruises to his face , head and legs .
roger lohse , a reporter with miami-area station wplg , was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him .   firefighters said the kitten had been hiding from the fire in an empty modelo beer box .   the tiny black kitten ran over to two firefightings holding the lost kitten in a towel .
richard ilczyszyn was 46 when he lost consciousness on the orange county-bound flight .   ilczyszyn 's wife kelly is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act .   southwest flight attendant kelly ilczyszyn claims her husband could have survived his heart attack on a southwest flight if attendants sought medical attention .
mangu ram was 14 when he fled to kashmir as a refugee - now an old man .   prime minister narendra modi 's hindu nationalist party won share of power in india 's state elections .   ram , a hindu , was born in punjab province .
aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the under 20s this time .   toulon tournament runs from may 27 to june 7 .   gareth southgate 's squad finished fourth last may .
the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon .   she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout .   she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres .
the last two ` doolittle tokyo raiders ' presented the group 's congressional gold medal for permanent display at the national museum of the us air force on saturday .   retired lt col richard ` dick ' cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony .   cole , a dayton native , was mission leader and james ` jimmy ' doolittle 's co-pilot for the b-25 bombers .
melbourne brand ` elliott label ' is the hit of hollywood .   robin antin , founder of the pussycat dolls and grl - as kylie 's business partner .   kylie gulliver , a former model and actress , wore an elliott leather cap and the brand sky-rocketed .
more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth blanks .   mr blanks , 31 , was walking home after buying chocolate bar when he was approached .   he was pushed to the ground and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body .
sportsmail 's jamie carragher claimed newcastle keeper tim krul made a mistake .   carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions .   former liverpool defender jamie carragher was not impressed .
notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager just a week after the club announced that he was unable to commit to the role .   former tottenham and hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to ` family reasons ' at the end of march but on tuesday moved to meadow lane on a three-year deal .   moniz has six games to save his new side from relegation into sky bet league two , with magpies currently one point from safety .
len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection .   he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain .   his daughter debbie was admitted to the university hospital of north tees .
kevin pietersen has announced plans to begin his season with surrey .   pietersen is set to play against oxford mccu in the lv = county championship .   pietersen is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013 .
lyoto machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ` max '   at the end of the video , he was due to remove his sauna suit to make weight before the fight on saturday .   the 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion .   machida machida was wearing a sauna suit .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory on july 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed .   german foreign ministry cables sent two days before the crash , germany failed to pass on the warning .   the german government had been told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables two days later .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather so he could collect life insurance money and inherit their house .   he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer .   silicani pleaded guilty to all charges against him with no agreement from prosecutors .
the eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident near doyalson in nsw central coast has been identified as a nine-year-old boy continues to fight for his life .   piper 's grandmother , helen boddy , was also in the car with her mother , chantelle boddy , and two brothers when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed , spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road .   glenda suffered a fractured neck while michelle had broken bones .
ashley shupe claims kaiden , eight , has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating .   she claims to repeated ` taunting and physical assault ' inflicted by one student in his class at oakmont elementary school in tennessee for more than a year since spetember 2013 .   kaiden was diagnosed with clinical depression in october 2013 , a month into the alleged attacks .
samantha simmonds , 42 , is married to phillip davies , owner of auction business flogit4u .   the couple have a daughter aged two and four and six .   miss simmonds said she took some time off work to spend with her children .
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday .   frank lampard and david silva have lost four of their last five games and pellegrini .   city will hope sergio aguero can be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league this season .
e-scapes is the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media .   holidays take part of social media accounts - including facebook , twitter and snapchat .   ` e-experiences ' lets customers appear to be on a trip away .
lindex kebede and toni garrn are the faces of lindex 's spring 2015 campaign .   lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 .   lindex is also raising awareness for wateraid during its campaign with in-store activities .
steven abberley , 28 , hurled marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions .   he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery , but they missed mps and hit a security screen .   abberley told police he daubed the words ` the enemy within ' in red paint on the palace 's walls .
chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year .   one former medical student revealed how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband , a surgeon , had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive .   red cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in china .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost .   industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network .   customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan .
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament .   he was found using his phone in the middle of a match .   organisers found nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup final on saturday .   philippe coutinho scored for liverpool against aston villa .   fabian delph scored in villa 's second goal to win the game .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday .   louis van gaal has been used as a sub in the top four .   liverpool 's 4-1 defeat against arsenal on saturday is in pole .
david duane watson , a 46-year-old tucson firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson , 35 .   three years after her daughter went missing , cox and her neighbor renee farnsworth , 53 , were shot dead in the driveway of linda watson 's home .   watson was reported missing in august 2000 after she failed to pick up her daughter from the home of david watson .
john prescott has defended prince charles over allegations he should ` write as many damn letters as he likes '   the former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had ' a lot to offer this country '   lord prescott said the letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 and sent by the prince to seven government departments .   lord prescott , who said that the prince of wales has a lot of time for charles '
the shark victim was airlifted to adelaide for further treatment on saturday .   the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital .   mr blowes was out in the surf with about a dozen others when she was attacked .
john wild , from wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire , ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees after being found guilty of racially abusing brown .   brown , 32 , welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused jason brown .   wild 's conviction at bristol magistrates court .
justin bettman built an elaborate indoor set on a brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on valentine 's day .   luis ' girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before luis proposed on one knee .   the set was built by new york photographer justin bettman .
parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system .   labour 's biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee .   mr miliband vowed to end the ` epidemic ' of zero-hours contracts .
margaret and gary mazan from bradford , west yorkshire , were jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets .   three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors in a squalid garden shed .   mrs mazan , 53 , and her husband gary , 51 , found guilty of animal cruelty after their 14 red setters were found in appalling conditions .
lebron james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics on sunday .   james hit a one-handed shot .   james has been able to practice his long-range shooting .
a newborn baby girl was found inside the trash outside the delta gamma theta sorority house last wednesday .   the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , but they have refused to release her name .   it has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born .
turkish football team captain arda turan was celebrating after the team 's 2-1 international friendly victory against luxembourg .   but after the move was reported in turkish media , turkish aviation officials warned that there would be consequences for the cabin crew .   the shgm criticised the flight crew 's decision to ignore the standard safety regulations .
klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in charge .   colourful 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other teams .   jurgen klopp said dortmund need a change of manager next season .
renee somerfield , the yellow protein world ad , features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading ` are you beach body ready ? '   online fitness store protein world claim the image is ` unphotoshopped '   one critic says she is ` a nation of sympathisers for fatties '   change.org petition started by bloggers , general social media outrage , and defacing of body image campaigners .   the ad has been criticized by the campaign .   the advert has written a new weight loss advert .
marco negri has revealed that he quit the scottish giants after fearing he had aids .   negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 .   he suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg and returned to action in the new year to train with the reserve team .   his worst fears were n't confirmed after flying to italy for treatment .
luke rockhold beat machida machida in new jersey on saturday .   the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since beating belfort two years ago .   machida machida has a title shot in his position .
the former olympian and reality star , 65 , will speak out in a ` far-ranging ' interview with sawyer for a special edition of ' 20/20 ' on friday april 24 , abc news announces .   the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows his involvement in a deadly car crash in february .   jenner also split from with his wife kyle and kendall .
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle could collide with a passenger jet .   some incoming flights were delayed or diverted .   manchester airport opened second runway to clear backlog of flights .
dealing across europe and asia was rumoured to have been caused by a spilt can of coke in the city of london .   bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform .   more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after start of trading .
avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months ' extra life .   patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund until it is considered for routine nhs use .   each year an estimated 600 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the uk each year .
victor wanyama has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the emirates .   the saints midfielder was linked with the gunners for # 12.5 million in 2013 .   southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer .
as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .   major general allen batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy .   the cdc , 81 percent of overweight girls believe they are just the right weight .
charlie adam was 66 yards from goal for stoke city at chelsea .   xabi alonso in 2006 and maynor figueroa was off his line .   charlie adam scored one of the goals from his own half .
kevin sinfield warned he will be a ` target ' when he makes switch to rugby union at the end of the season .   leeds rhinos captain kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract .   sinfield , 34 , the greatest captain in leeds ' history .
ousman jatta , 45 , took wife beryl , 88 , to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to return to him .   mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike after she was told social services she could not go home with him .   mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer , has pleaded to return home to her husband .
eden hazard has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season .   the chelsea midfielder posted a picture on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , cesar azpilicueta , john terry and cesc fabregas .   didier drogba was the top individual award of the night at the grosvenor hotel in london .
thad cochran has been charged with trafficking drugs from china to use as payment for sexual favors .   police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan , office manager and personal assistant to sen. thad cochran .   pagan was paid $ 160,000 in his senate role last year .
west indies lost five wickets for 20 runs from west indies .   west indies was england 's first man to be dismissed on day two .   sir ian botham is still three wickets away from the england record .
ze maria represented brazil on 25 occasions during international career .   ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become third coach .   brazilian coach ze maria fired on wednesday after poor run .
sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december .   claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago .   columbia graduate school of journalism will release review of the botched rolling stone investigation at 8pm on sunday .
aaron hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch .   he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd .   hernandez was taken to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today .
a video allegedly showing isis militants destroying a historic city in northern iraq dating back to the 13th century b.c. using sledgehammers , drills and barrel bombs .   isis fighters can be seen drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old in the ruins of the ancient assyrian city of nimrud .   the destruction at nimrud has been declared a ` war crime ' by u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon .
jill scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt during her side 's super league clash at the city football academy on sunday .   england international apologised for the incident after the game as city fell to a 1-0 reverse .   city manager nick cushing described scott 's actions as ` out of character ' and said the incident will be sent off .
the men in the ads have the don draper from hit series mad men .   an advert for daks trousers is with wide collars and precision-cut suits .   the ad is n't ` dark ' and will sell more dubonnet .
jimmy butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game .   chicago bulls beat milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday to take 2-0 lead .   chicago 's derrick rose scored all of his 15 points in the second half .
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , admitted having sex with a 16-year-old student at destrehan high school last year .   she was arrested in september when a student posted a selfie on instagram on thursday .   she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at high school and another teacher .
the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months .   ` i do n't want him to have all the nitrates and c *** that 's in a hot dog . '' says curtis stone .
zoe o'connell used to be a man married to sylvia knight .   the 37-year-old is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex .   they now all live together in a three-bedroom home in cambridge .
rafa benitez is set to leave napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his first game at the bridge .   chelsea drew benitez 's two games 0-0 against west ham in a london derby .   rafa benitez was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 .
police have released photos of 13 people trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at nrl referees during the good friday clash between the bulldogs and rabbitohs .   a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans at the end of the game on april 3 .   referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .   the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector .   the team have already patented the optical part of the system .
zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions .   the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat .   visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the other lions chase after it got its head stuck .
barry lyttle , 33 , pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick .   patrick had his arm around his brother , who was crying when magistrate graeme curran handed down the sentence in the downing centre local court .   patrick spent nearly a week in an induced coma in january following his brother 's alleged attack at st vincent 's hospital in sydney 's inner suburbs .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin problem .   arsenal boss arsene wenger confirmed oxlade-chamberlain would definitely not face reading in the fa cup .   arsenal captain mikel arteta is also on the club 's injury list .
kevin pietersen has not played in the lv = county championship since 2013 .   he is set to start the season with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 and he is due to return to the nets on monday .   pietersen wants to earn an england recall if he starts batting on monday .
sharon fruendel held a lecture at a jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences .   in october , her husband bernard ` barry ' freundel was arrested after a police investigation found he had spied on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue .   in february , she pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
fans of grilled cheese are more likely to travel than those who steer clear of the snack .   32 per cent of lovers of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least six times a month .   only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency .
the tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers at airport security last year .   over the past five years airline passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes .   the funds collected appear to be increasing every year .
trevor duffy , 19 , died at an albany hospital november 17 , two days after drinking large amounts of alcohol with other frat pledges .   the two students want to return to the college reports the times union of albany , as they were among the 24 sanctioned by the university after its investigation determined members of the underground frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations .   no one has been arrested .
amir khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently .   british rival kell brook set to feature on his opponent for wembley .   khan has n't played since his win over devon alexander in december .
an australian couple abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows .   documents reveal the details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind .   the foi documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission in india and trade were aware the couple was from new south wales .
blaine boudreaux , 34 , has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate dui collisions .   his mother , cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones .   boudreaux was arrested at the scene after failing a field sobriety test .
the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend .   that 's more than the $ 483m record set by the final harry potter film - harry potter and the deathly hallows - part 2 - in 2011 .   ` force awakens will hit $ 1 billion , ' the second trailer reveals a speeder on the planet jaku , where a crashed star destoyer and x-wing are buried in the sand .
raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season .   he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth .   in 2011 he was given a police warning after he refused to take him home .   in january he was banned from driving for a year and fined # 3,400 .
bobby cole norris has thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother , in her fight against leukaemia .   the reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ` best ' friend ' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant .   weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia .
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern from fighting crime .   the dubai-based artist of scottish and south african heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits .   they are ruled by ` simple ' struggles and chores .
andy lee is the first defence of the wbo middleweight title .   trainer adam booth won against peter quillin in new york on saturday .   he is confident he is ready for the former champion in his locker .
the prime minister will be absent when mr miliband and four other leaders take part in the race for number 10 .   labour leader ed miliband accused the pm of ` ducking ' the chance to defend his record in government .   mr cameron has promised to find # 7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners .
george h.w. bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath .   bush is a fan of associated tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men 's clay court championship in houston , texas .   bush and his wife have attended many atp fundraisers and charity .
alexis sanchez has been nominated for pfa player of the year .   the chilean forward has a fine debut season in english football .   arsenal are second in the premier league with 66 points from 32 games .
westley westley capper , 37 , has admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in costa del sol resort .   police believe 5ft 7in agnese was forced into the vehicle .   the overweight expat has never been named .
porto boss julen lopetegui was on their champions league run against bayern munich on tuesday night .   porto star striker jackson martinez and ricardo quaresma were one of their porto players .   bayern win the tournament in portugal on tuesday .
mail has offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring .   sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions from skin problems to insomnia and migraines .   eating disorder data launched by general pharmaceutical council into pharmacy2u .
paul parker 's expired passport was listed for # 5,000 but the seller was open to offers .   the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday but it is unclear whether the item is no available .   parker played for manchester united between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles at old trafford .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will retire on may 2 .   the two men are in and out of the ring .   mayweather does not earn any money .
neil harris 's side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games .   blackburn have two players that millwall does not .   gestede , scorer of a hat-trick against nottingham forest on saturday .
craig dawson set to return for west brom after serving one-match ban .   defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr .   ben foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury .
bryan santana of orlando , florida , who is accused of killing shelby fazio and her dog last october , was described by prosecutors as ` delighting ' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman .   jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around fazio 's neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen , santana then reportedly had sex with her corpse , killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall .   ` i 'm not sorry for what i did , '
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end .   the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .   they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
justin rose missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour .   rose believes his finish of second at augusta can lead his season .   rose arrived at augusta national and is the first european player to win the us open and masters .
charlie macdonald is still grieving for the son he lost eight years ago at the hands of his conman lover .   gareth met glen rycroft , 37 , of salford , manchester , in a gay online chat room and they started a dating in 2005 .   gareth was only 30 when he was killed in 2007 .
manchester city captain vincent kompany insists uefa 's financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust .   the premier league champions were last year deemed to have breached ffp regulations , before being fined # 50million .   kompany has hit back at the ffp rulings .
kyle iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from karen brown , the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter .   he attempted to disguise his identity , but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away .   iveson was jailed for three years at preston crown court and has pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article .
the tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called ` killing children '   the 11 stories were given names like ` massacre ' , ` thrown under the bus ' and ` blood , blood , and more blood '   the boy was allowed to return to school last month and the district attorney said no charges will be laid .   the boy 's parents said the blog was a work of fiction .
toya graham was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael at monday 's riots carrying a rock and burned down buildings and cars .   the riots broke out after the death of freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody .   miss graham said she ` just lost it ' when she saw the video clip .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $ 4.99 app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface .   it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone .   now , the 17 year-old student could face a battle with instagram over hackings its api .
police arrested 12 protesters when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world 's largest telescopes is being built .   native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself .   about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those arrested were released after they posted a $ 250 bail .
other passengers watched in horror as the man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station this morning .   emergency services were called to stockwell station in south london this morning after a man sustained life-threatening head injuries while driving to pick up his bag from the platform .   she was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a train this morning .
french trainer freddy head likens his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to charm spirit .   the wind won just one of his four starts last season but has run twice this term .   the fifth home was one of 34 colts in the season run on saturday .
men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs .   they fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units .   some of those concerns were not limited to men , but also were found among women in special operations jobs .
lance futch drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs .   futch was sat at a table with obama , utah senator orrin hatch , congressman rob bishop , and salt lake city mayor ralph becker .   futch said he was shocked but honored when the official turned out to be obama .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the british national , of polish origin but has not been named , arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front .   members of the banned leftist group took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week .   the dhkp-c is listed as a terrorist organisation by the us , eu and turkey .
the pensioner 's body was discovered at her home in doncaster lane , penkhull , stoke-on-trent on thursday night .   the body has not yet been formally identified , she is understood to be his mother celilia powell .   david powell was arrested after detectives were called to his home on thursday .
annabel beam , now 12 , believes she visited heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age of nine .   in december , 2011 , annabel was playing outside the family 's texas home with her sisters abigail , now ten , when she slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree .   annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises .
leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together .   doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet .   his head was partially shaved and marred by two long , stapled incisions .
tebow , 27 , has n't played a snap in the nfl in over two years since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season .   the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club won with the 2007 heisman trophy winner .   tebow 's florida gators defeated bradford and the no. 1 ranked oklahoma sooners 21-14 .
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship on thursday - 66 days after he spent more than two months at sea .   he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras .   a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to a hospital in norfolk , virginia .
clinton , the daughter of former u.s. president bill clinton , was helping approve russia 's purchase of us uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal .   the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but said it would n't return money it has already collected .   hillary clinton is public enemy number one on the campaign trail and smell blood .
a california appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at capri do not violate students ' right to religious freedom .   the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity .   the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , escaped death by millimetres after his car ploughed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry .   father marcin wasniewski is volunteering at a christian centre until he can return to work when he has recovered from his injuries .   he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him .
dawn williamson , 39 , was cured of her snake phobia live on tv in ten minutes .   before today , she could not confront a plastic snake and would check her toilet for the reptiles every day .   viewers of itv1 's this morning were therapists nik and eva speakman .
the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon .   john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral .   property agents say they will need to find deep pockets to buy 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres .
patricia jannuzzi wrote a facebook post claiming gays were behind an ` agenda ' to ` reengineer western civ into slow extinction '   she was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity in part after school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon .   jannuzzi 's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of egyptian men being beheaded .   she said jannuzzi had been reinstated at immaculata high school in somerville .
wakefield wildcats coach james webster said after the game he does not have enough players .   the wildcats now face a challenge cup tie against halifax on friday night .   gene ormsby claimed two tries with toby king and ben currie .
courtois insists he has not lost any sleep over his errors of recent weeks .   belgian was exceptional for the blues in their win over queens park rangers on sunday .   courtois has struggled in previous weeks and his error led to a goal for hull on march 22 .
the datai hotel and resort is in the north west of the island .   in 2007 it was given world geopark status by unesco .   langkawi is a luxury hotel in malaysia .
ron ingraham , 67 , spent two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after 12 days stranded at sea .   his sailing mate , kenny corder , was thrown into the water with him , and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive .   corder , who was rescued and taken to hospital , said that he left ingraham with the ring to swim backed to the damaged ship and radio for help .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in the premier league on saturday .   loic remy scored chelsea 's winner against stoke on saturday .   chelsea boss jose mourinho said remy 's side could grow as diego costa .
alastair cook insists he is ` refreshed ' by this winter 's sabbatical at home on the farm .   england can hope their test captain has come forward .   england captain alastair cook is one match - eight runs in two innings .
british cyclist becky james has been sidelined for a whole year .   james left wales ' six nations campaign to get back on to the track after her injuries .   james is on the return to training in manchester .
lucas leiva has been at anfield for eight years .   he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other games .   lucas has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy .
judge michael maggio posted private details of charlize theron 's adoption of her son has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction in a separate case .   maggio , 52 , sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community .   maggio initially pretended a friend had been the star 's adoption hearing .
dean nicole p. eramo blasted rolling stone in an open letter on wednesday over its retracted rape story .   ` rolling stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally , ' eramo wrote .   the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at the university of virginia .
new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs .   the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages .   followers , the account relies on direct messages .
keith cameron was jailed for five years at edinburgh sheriff court .   he scammed his friend jonathan speirs , out of # 476,864 in a ruse .   cameron stole the architect a # 2million return on his investment in two years .   jonathan 's youngest daughter faces missing out on a place at her university .
liverpool have put a # 50million price tag on sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old .   chelsea , manchester city or manchester united are among sterling ahead of the summer .   liverpool 's raheem sterling should sterling leave for one of the premier league 's big three .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys .   with more than 3,000 chef recommendations from some of the world 's leading professionals including rene redzepi of noma .   jamie oliver 's app comes with easy recipes .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana .   kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .   kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010 .
twitter user @danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old .   four years ago he played just six minutes in a 1-0 defeat by bristol city .   mason was retweeted more than 20,000 times by roy hodgson .
jonas gutierrez has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month .   sunderland 's new manager won a derby in his second game in charge .   jonas gutierrez was not expected to start in 20 months .
raheem sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .   sterling scored for england in their euro 2016 qualifier with lithuania on friday .   the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to arsenal .
geologists and media flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi .   it has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away .   experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
eight years ago , ac milan team won champions league final in athens .   kaka had printed his statement ' i belong to jesus '   the brazilian midfielder was given a ` disgrace ' on his faith .   he ca n't say his gesture was a public decency .
dr teresa belton believes that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative .   she believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives .   belton says there are many simple things inviting a lonely person out to tea .
patrick morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl , his niece , and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to investigate the case .   her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by sheriff joe arpaio 's office over a three-year period ending in 2007 .   morrison , from mesa , first raped his niece sabrina morrison in march 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her .
jockey lewis ferguson , 18 , was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning .   the 18-year-old had a cut on the nose to show for the fall .   but he was back back to the sadal square in the sadal pm .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen .   barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club .   this is the moment 102-year-old alice barker , who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly , got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time .
kevin blandford 's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur .   the 33-year-old , from louisville , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife , bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter .   kevin said ' a dedicated friend ' took the photos that show him looking miserable during his holiday .
george w. bush suggested that obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early .   he said that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future .   ` this is our best bet to make sure iran does n't get a nuclear weapon , ' he said .
jose alberto , 58 , was found dead next to a scarecrow prosecutors believe he died while having sex with it .   neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in the city of san jose de balcare .   prosecutor : ` straw had been stuffed with the .   scarecrow '
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas , nevada .   she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers .   the ticket caused fragoso to receive points against her driving record .
actress paula duncan , 62 , revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her .   the actress has revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10 .   the actress revealed her marriage breakdowns on her after a suicide attempt .
brandon wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend courtney griffith , 18 , on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light .   the footage has prompted an investigation into the officers ' conduct - and claims he even tried to delete the video , but failed .   griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car .
five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water in the isimangaliso wetland park , in eastern south africa .   the calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the firing line of an adult male , which was tussling with its rival .   the two male hippos had been fighting for two adults .
disgraced espn reporter britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game .   the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage .   her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .
rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory at anz stadium in sydney on friday .   fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute .   sideline interchange official darren alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate .   the spain international received around eight minutes of treatment on the field at the etihad stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital .   manchester city face fa cup finalists aston villa on saturday .
almost half of french 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk , compared to 33 per cent ten years ago .   health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink .   french health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking .
150 photographs taken by arthur syer , a 27-year-old man living in sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera , the detective camera .   detective camera gave amateur photographers to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets as a ` real revolution and turning point in photography '   the camera will go on display on saturday at the state library with the first ` secret ' camera to take a photograph without their phones .   the camera was taken between 1883 and 1887 .
earl arthur olander was found beaten to death in his own home .   he was found covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked .   they have offered $ 1,000 reward for information which could lead to arrest .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in the west london derby on sunday .   john terry was injured for sunday 's match against qpr .   chelsea skipper anton ferdinand was racially abused .
chris smalling used to be part of the sky sports undercard at old trafford .   the former england fast bowler has been at manchester united 's undercard .   marlon samuels , ben stokes and marlon samuels also feature .
dr michael shannon saved chris trokey 's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago .   he was trapped in his burning suv when trokey , now an orange county fire authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive .   in 2011 , dr shannon had been driving on pacific coast highway in dana point .
obese georgia davis , 22 , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital .   the seven-hour operation involved two cranes , seven police cars , two fire engines and 11 medics .   it is the second time in three years a emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison .
paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter , attempted manslaughter and using firearms .   three of the guards , dustin heard , paul slough and evan liberty face mandatory decades-long sentences because of firearms convictions .   a fourth , nicholas slatten , faces a penalty of life in prison after being found guilty of first-degree murder .
ukip leader said that it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking .   polls suggest support for ukip is on the slide .   david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the tories .
manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach gave him a custom-made speed ball with mayweather 's face painted on it .   pacquiao 's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest against mayweather in less than three weeks at the mgm grand garden area in las vegas on tuesday .   pacquiao is a celebrity lawyer of oj simpson 's 1995 defense team .
andy jordan has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries .   he was named one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq .   he has launched a campaign shot on west wittering beach .
tranmere left tranmere by mutual consent with two games of the season to play .   adams failed to show for his press conference after 3-0 loss by oxford .   tranmere manager micky adams has left his role at prenton park .
mesut ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .   ozil was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 .   ozil was said to have been spotted in a berlin nightclub after missing arsenal ' 2-1 win at st james ' park .
illinois state associate coach torrey ward , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the ncaa championship game .   the party had been at the ncaa game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game .   bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year-old daughter .
faculty at columbia university have said some of dr mehmet oz 's tactics have ` sullied their reputation ' - but also applauded him for the work he had carried out at the ivy league school .   in the new op-ed , his fellow faculty also denounced his tv show methods .   the eight staff wrote the op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz .
edward snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum .   mr snowden accused the former us spy of not being ` transparent ' and said he was being ` secretive ' about his arrangements .   mr snowden , 31 , revealed himself in june 2013 as the civilian cia worker who stole classified documents .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .   but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy .   harley renshaw has been told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year .
prime minister accused the snp and labour of posing a ` clear and present danger ' to britain .   he said the two parties were pretending to ` slug it out ' ahead of next month 's poll .   mr cameron said ed miliband could now only become prime minister with the support of the snp .
serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday .   the 19-year-old impressed for the gunners last season .   gnabry has not featured since the champions league second leg .
the block would dwarf the burj khalifa in dubai , the empire state building and london 's shard .   the # 3.35 billion is also enough to pay the uk government debt nearly 2,000 times over .   so a quadrillion is ten to the power of 24 or 1,000,000,000,000,000 .
the steel gate at border field state park in california was unlocked by officials in honor of children 's day , a mexican holiday .   two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their mother for the first time in two years .   yolanda verona , from tijuana , mexico , are seen hugging torres 's two sons .
more than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more gcses with an a * grade between 2009 and 2013 .   but critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy .   one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades in 2009 .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh 's palace on its website , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa .   an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds .   grey was also charged with violating the county 's noise ordinance .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger .   ` you 're dead , ' the elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ` preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks .   she believed for a surprise active shooter drill that administrators held in 2013 .
carlton cole says he ca n't approach sam allardyce about a new contract .   cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and it is unclear whether he 'll stay at the club beyond the summer .   cole admits he 's in no position to ask his boss about an extension with allardyce 's future also in limbo .
home secretary theresa may warned that lives will be in danger if britain is saddled with a hung parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws .   based on parliament would be left deadlocked - with balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law .   she urged ukip supporters and four in ten voters who say they are still undecided to realise what is at stake for britain 's security .
j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly .   giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough .   about five or six police officers hit giordano and the other protester with their shields .
the scottish first minister warned david cameron she will trigger an ` out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll on eu membership .   she also revealed that she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the snp 's negotiating team in the event of another .   miss sturgeon said she is not running for a westminster seat and he is .
tim sherwood is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy .   levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino , as the decision has led to him over at white hart lane .   aston villa boss tim sherwood joined villa to north london on saturday .
the ex bon jovi guitarist allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her '   sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 .   lund , 33 , founded the nikki rich clothing line with sambora and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years .   lund launched her first signature solo show at the opening of la fashion week on march 18 .
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind .   six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room .   kreth has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit the bill of a sociopath .
as director of policy and external affairs at national housing federation ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people .   she is a labour party member and owner of a # 1million house in islington , london .   miss davison , 44 , and husband chris bailey , 47 , bought ` right to buy ' from council houses .
jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty .   doshay was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a solana beach , california elementary school .   he is currently being held without bail at the vista jail .
officials at duke university say school would not release name of student who admitted to hanging the noose in a plaza area at the heart of the campus .   the student was identified by other students and will be subject to duke 's student conduct process and an investigation is continuing to find out if others were involved .   officials say the noose was found about 2am wednesday in the plaza outside the bryan center .
two young children have died after a minivan they were playing in and around a las vegas apartment complex .   police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental , and no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .   two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help .
audrey pekin , 19 , says she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali .   the pair began drinking together at the bounty bar in kuta .   she then assaulted her on a christmas holiday to bali with her family .
a group of black attorneys have called for the second officer to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of michael slager , 33 , during the death of walter scott .   scott , 50 , a coast guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last saturday by slager , who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .   the father of four has been fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder last week .
former secretary of state hillary clinton is in the granite state this week for her first swing since her candidacy for the white house .   stacey benton said clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things obama has been doing '   ` there has n't been good in obama 's foreign policy , ' said a government major from florida .   she said clinton 's detractors followed presidential politics enough to comment .
zlatan ibrahimovic urged manchester united to make a summer move for ibrahimovic .   the paris saint-germain forward has been compared with cantona for the second time .   sweden captain ibrahimovic scored in sweden 's 3-1 international friendly win over iran on tuesday night .
adam johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming .   johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season .   johnson , an england international , was considered a recall of roy hodgson as a year ago .
pregnant women who suffer extreme morning sickness are at greater risk of their children having language and speech delays , and attention disorders .   about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting , crippling weakness and dehydration .   more than 1,000 women with severe morning sickness have an abortion each year .
aitor karanka made his walk home from watford on 65 minutes .   the championship lead at the start of play is now 16 times .   watford rose and middlesbrough were second in the premier league .
frank mckeever from florida created ` tourism ' posters .   they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system .   included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars .
northampton ruled george north out of their game against clermont auvergne on saturday and sent him to see a neurosurgeon .   the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 nathan hughes 's knee .   northampton have ruled out winger george north for the game .
the 15-year-old girl was hit on entrance road in warrilla at 1am on wednesday morning , suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital .   driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is ` mucking around ' with friends in the middle of the road .   the girl was unconscious for five minutes after the crash but evaded serious injury .
two swimmers stand on a penthouse balcony in florida , florida .   they were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men .   swimmers were n't able to confirm the shark 's chase for comfort .
ciro immobile was signed by jurgen klopp from torino last summer .   the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga .   liverpool are keen on mats hummels and ilkay gundogan .
craig smalley , 35 , joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , were charged with sexual assault in connection with the alleged incident at a military base in shearwater , near halifax , nova scotia .   the alleged attack is said to have taken place during a party at the military barracks where canada 's atlantic fleet are based .   the british sailors are due to return to court on monday .
thomson airways flight from london to mexico forced to divert to bermuda .   boeing 787-8 was met by six police cars on landing at lf wade international airport in bermuda .   bermuda police confirmed two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behviour on a plane .
michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday .   the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before he was on loan at millwall on sunday .   duff will need all his veteran burnley defender duff .
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings .   australian prime minister tony abbott , his new zealand counterpart john key , prince charles and prince harry are among those in attendance .   defence force chief mark binskin said the anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in turkey a century ago .
al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru .   scotland and saracens lock jim hamilton ` been a rugby player '   at 33 , hamilton made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh .   kellock has admitted that his body will be down from active service .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs .   sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust '   charlie 's father says there must be no ` gagging or making any faces .   food fail ' footage shows the youngster .
actress shailene woodley use it as an alternative to lipstick .   she says her mother makes her own mayonnaise on her hair .   12 years a slave actress lupita woodley and oily vegetables .
health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking .   the move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in scotland .   professor sir ian gilmore said he would welcome the minimum age being set at 21 .
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india .   she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district .   she is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns .
google introduced app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content '   the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .   one example is a 7-minute video of disney 's ` frozen ' characters who appear as dolls inside a toy mcdonald 's , eating ice cream and drinking sprite .   activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television .
rory mcilroy took the strain for an arm wrestle against the northern irishman .   mcilroy is no match for dalke , who will join oklahoma university in the autumn .   mcilroy had run a clinic on friday at a junior invitational .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn .   mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll '   mr carroll could still be elected as an mp despite dying two days ago .   carroll died following a battle with cancer .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were downloaded between february and april this year .   fans of the hit hbo show caught up before its eagerly-return on sky atlantic on sunday night .   new figures reveal it is the most illegally downloaded show in the world .
democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton 's security detail led journalists on two high-speed chases to homes of influential democrats on monday .   if police radar had been engaged , it would have hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` scooby ' - for 92 mph on interstate 89 .   the top speed limit is 65 in new hampshire .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 .   he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work '   mr springall gave permission for his friend to post the image to reddit .   the reddit user posted controversial image online suggested they could be samurai boots .
study by academics at university of bristol and cancer research uk compared records of patients diagnosed with breast , lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009 .   patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed .   britain has one of lowest cancer survival rates in europe .
amos chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone .   since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world .   the structure is designed by an iranian exile .
zara phillips travelled to the united states with her london 2012 and 2014 world equestrian games great britain team silver high kingdom .   zara phillips has had to pull out of the kentucky three-day event after high kingdom suffered an injury .   the queen 's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at kentucky horse park .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in uefa all-star match .   they would play for ` team south ' - against a similar ` north ' dream team from the premier league , serie a and ligue 1 .   messi and ronaldo would be the star attractions in the ` north vs south ' team .
chinese state media has reported the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway ` at nepal 's request '   it could include a tunnel under the world 's tallest mountain - by 2020 .   a tunnel could be built under mount everest in the himalayas as part of grand new plans between china and nepal .   the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal , a country india .
oleg kalashnikov , a former member of the ukrainian parliament , was found dead wednesday evening .   he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide .   kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych .
liberal democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ` from cradle to college '   spending would rise per pupil - with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in next five years .   mr clegg will say lib dems are now ` the party of education '   lib dem leader also in line with inflation after may 7 to win over ` centre-ground ' conservative voters about funding cuts for schools .   tuition fees pledge was not on education , but lib dems claim pledges .
bakary sako scored wolves second goal in 2-1 win at nottingham forest .   striker scored 19 times for mk but has nine goals in 15 appearances .   man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england sold him to wolves .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries .   two aviation fans set out to document the world 's airport codes .   cochine international airport in india is based in the city of kochi .
chef albert roux with second wife zimbabwean-born heiress , cheryl roux , last year .   former flame , an artist , hospitality manager and woman at roux restaurant in westminster .   he is about to turn 80 but is ` smitten ' with debbie spivey izo .
zbigniew huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering a nine-year-old .   the 38-year-old appeared before a judge on friday night .   zbigniew was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck .
the reality star is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags .   she is keen on the cover of vogue will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older .   as kim kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter , north west , the 22-month-old daughter north west wear in armenia .
birmingham airport to operate two flights a week between july 3 and august 28 .   birmingham airport could be called ` birmingham london ' as hs2 link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital .   flights are set to carry almost 4,000 chinese tourists to the uk .
nine british muslims caught trying to cross into syria are no longer welcome in england and should find a new country to live .   it comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey including the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor in rochdale .   coun ahmed , 45 , served alongside mr danczuk 's wife karen on the town council until her resignation in january .
us researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to ` silent strokes ' which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage .   the microscopic particles have been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting .   researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 .
the avalanche started on mount kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak .   half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region .   american google executive dan fredinburg , 33 , was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain .
object that appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has captured the world 's attention since it was found in the 1990s .   experts suggest that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after x-raying it .   but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at taronga zoo 's grounds in sydney .   she recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas .   in a video posted to instagram by taronga zoo , chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas .
alan barnes was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead , tyne and wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss .   mr barnes said it felt ` fantastic ' to be in his new home as he says he will feel safer .   # 150,000 property boasts two bedrooms , a living room , modern kitchen and large bathroom .
xue feng returned to his family in houston on friday after his release from beijing 's no. 2 prison .   he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence .   xue was detained in november of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on china 's oil industry .
hundreds of staff at the royal courts of justice and london school of economics were evacuated again today after a building due to be demolished collapsed ` like a pancake '   workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building .   one worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm .   students at lse were told to ` stay clear ' of the area .
the oxford university women 's boat race team were rescued from the thames by the royal national lifeboat institution on wednesday .   after the rowers were returned safely to putney , the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford 's base .   the oxford crew were training on the thames for the boat race on saturday , april 11 .
manchester city beat manchester city 4-2 in the premier league on monday .   sergio aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at old trafford .   argentine striker sergio aguero scored early on twitter .
chelsea clinton went from unmanageable frizz to tight ringlets in 2015 .   the 35-year-old daughter of bill clinton , the 42nd president of the united states , also talked about her marriage to investment banker marc mezvinsky in the new interview .   chelsea clinton is a daughter of her baby daughter charlotte .
countryfile presenter ellie harrison has defended her image against criticism that she 's too ` hollywood '   she said she 'd love to stay where she is for ' a long time '   but the mother-of-two joined the programme in 2011 - ` you 're hot one year but completely out of favour the next .   she believes that she will be replaced on the bbc show .   she said : ` it 's a great business '   she was told to tone down her look .
83 per cent of australian women said they would describe themselves as average .   of the 9,397 out of 11,000 that answered ` average '   84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance .   dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid 's matches this season .   the # 86million man has missed out on just eight starts in madrid 's 50 matches .   real madrid beat atletico 1-0 in the champions league on wednesday night .
brad pitt , 51 and angelina jolie pitt have shut down hotel floors .   they can bag a room at the five-star hilton malta for # 130 a night .   hilton , malta , has booked out an floor of hilton malta .
diy list of seven tips from serenata flowers .   vodka and aspirin can be used for up to two hours .   do you can make your blooms with flowers last night .
celtic manager ronny deila admits that celtic 's first six months in charge were over the ` le guen hump '   peter lawwell said celtic 's chief executive deila did not want to be a man .   deila said that it was a result of the charge of deila 's side .   he said : ` we will not play this season ' if they do n't get over .
periscope , twitter 's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet .   claims on its website it is ` the closest thing to teleportation '   app developer justin esgar is warning parents about the app 's ` land mines ' and insists they need to monitor their child 's use of it .   app developer : ` apparent dangers ' users have been sexually harassed .
ross barkley has had an indifferent campaign for everton and england .   england coach roy hodgson has believes his two substitute appearances for england against lithuania and italy .   roberto martinez believes barkley is an even more player for everton .
the unnamed woman dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub .   she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi and sent them to him .   the unnamed man has retweeted more than 15,400 times .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen .   the un last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   on saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .
brimbank crime investigation unit detectives in victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in watervale on monday .   the man walked to a drink fridge and was on sale he went to the counter where he confronted a female staff member .   the staff member handed over a quantity of cash and the robber made his exit from the store .
former australian radio host mel greig has written an open letter to the media .   the duchess of cambridge is believed to be overdue by five days as she had been due to give birth last thursday .   greig and fellow 2day fm co-host michael christian posed as the queen and prince charles .
dens park bad boy will miss two games against celtic because he is under house arrest .   the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order .   as a st mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in january 2014 .
leicester city are seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league .   esteban cambiasso signed for the foxes in the summer .   the former inter milan star has won all the major european competitions .
young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was set free .   wildlife expert named simon cowell , who runs the aid foundation in leatherhead , surrey , travelling to the cub 's location in his car .   the cub is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position .
crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in denmark over the weekend .   the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves .   her mother henrietta donaldson died in 1997 from a heart condition .
harry reid said he is ` over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i ca n't see out of my eye '   reid said in an interview this week he might not ever be able to see out his right eye again following a january accident .   the senate democratic leader may have been beat up by his brother .   last week that the nevada mob were involved .
le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for 30 years .   le manoir is a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles .   pathways and the walled organic kitchen garden feature tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria .
micha stunz , 45 , has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections .   he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public .   it is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5 lbs -lrb- 4.3 kg -rrb- .
the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can .   collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful .   rocketnews24 says the beer is currently on available in japan 's northern island of hokkaido .
alastair cook passed alec stewart 's 8,463 runs to become england 's second highest test run-scorer .   now only graham gooch is the man cook passed into west indies ' 299 island .   cook 's 8,463 bishoo and shannon gabriel were passed into second place .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is acting as his representative since alex split from impact sports management .   calum chambers is on the books of cassius sports management .   danny welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers chris and wayne .
the duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company biogen inc. and a block from a police station .   all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , the death is being treated as a homicide .   a person under arrest would be arraigned monday in cambridge district court on charges of being an accessory after the crime of assault and battery and improper disposal of human remains .
130 miles from anchorage was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees .   it was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it .   dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit 12-cabin-high structure .
manny pacquiao will take on manny pacquiao on saturday .   floyd mayweather jr is the cartoon world champion .   he has spent his adult life at the mgm grand in las vegas .
the bodies of two people have been discovered amid wreckage after a small aircraft was reported missing around 30 miles east of oban .   it comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan lus area of glen kinglass earlier today .   plane had been travelling from central scotland to tiree .
former england rugby captain mike tindall and wife zara philipps at twickenham at twickenham .   tindall is now 10 and has been trainer michael scudamore .   his horse monbeg dude finish third in the national .
melbourne based fashion duo jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations .   the sisters have teamed up with ` print all over me '   allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the brand behind the spice girls ' trademark platforms .   introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s. .
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday .   the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2 .   the mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online .
police in manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game , known as ` sleeper ' , which officers say is potentially fatal .   the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery .   the youngster was treated in hospital on wednesday after falling victim to a prank when he was suffocated until he passed out .
a population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states to roam the plains of alaska for the first time in over a century .   the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile .   the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition .
the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee has denied that partisan politics in washington dc could derail america 's landmark agreement .   senator bob corker said on sunday congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal '   the deal is scheduled to be finalized by june 30 .   the committee is due to meet april 14 to consider corker 's legislation .
adam johnson , 27 , charged with four offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming .   the # 50,000-a-week player is due to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 .   johnson was arrested seven weeks ago and faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted .
a western gray whale has made the longest known migration by any mammal .   the female , named varvara , swam 14,000 miles from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico , and back , without for a snack when she was nine years old .   until now , scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whale - the eastern gray whale .
a house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years .   it was originally rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 .   they bought it 40 years later for # 350 and passed it to freda when they died .   howard knott , 70 , son of hilda , is in charge of selling the house .
reanne evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday .   the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month .   evans insists her world championship bid is ` do or die ' for women in snooker .
vin los , 24 , says he got his first tattoo around the age of 16 .   the montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand garçon model .   vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' create ' a myth , a mystery ' and would one day help him .
vincent stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering ms scott , 26 , on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland just days before she was set to wed fiance aaron leeson-woolley .   mr stanford 's mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday .   school cleaner vincent stanford has been charged with ms scott 's murder and is due to appear in court in june .
30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis .   the average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours , with a range of seven to nine .   any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unknown .
twins are two of the most famous twins in the world .   twins were believed to be a product of human intercourse with the gods .   they share facial characteristics and body shape .
amy says her new range is full of smart workwear with a ` fun spring edge '   has designed a summer range full of feminine florals inspired by the festival season .   says she has designed for wearable catwalk trends and ` real women ' for real women .   has unveiled her new designs .
rory mcilroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par .   tiger woods and rory mcilroy were in the final round at the augusta national golf club .   jordan spieth led all week at augusta .
olsi beheluli claims he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess .   he was a member of gang responsible for selling ` significant quantities ' of class a drugs .   officers seized more than # 4million worth of heroin and cocaine .
vanilla ice appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge .   police say van winkle stole items from this house in lantana , florida .   he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing furniture .
fans will see aidan turner 's new baby daughter as sunday night 's episode .   last week , demelza poldark is now the mother to the show 's tv episode .   demelza poldark has been eight months pregnant .
all elephants will be phased out of the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of polk county in central florida .   some of the asian elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center , while other will be used for breeding .   ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show .
illinois rep. luis gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a ` family defender toolkit ' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations .   the toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation .   the policy is still on hold by a court order .
islamabad benazir bhutto international airport , in pakistan , is the worst in the world .   complaints form travellers about lax in los angeles to london luton .   some airports have been criticised by airports and airports .
aaron cresswell has impressed during his first season in the premier league .   west ham travel to the etihad this sunday .   chelsea and manchester city are also interested in cresswell .
chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising .   a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use .   students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the pool to give his manny pacquiao mega-fight .   the video shows the boxer testing his muscles against the water .   the fight on may 2 is expected to break $ 152million .
great fast bowler ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies-england series .   ambrose was one of the england cricket legend and richie richardson .   stanford has been defended by sir curtly ambrose .
katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against baby edward on the way to hospital .   her second little boy came along on the a47 in norfolk two years after her first son , reuben , was three hours long .   the toddler was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother .
chelsea bruck was last seen on october 26 , about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in ash township , michigan .   investigators and volunteers had been searching for bruck and more than one million fliers were handed out .   chelsea 's office in wayne county used dental records to confirm the body is bruck 's .
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid .   in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours .   hall stole nothing from the victims .
ben flower said he regrets his attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final every day .   flower landed a sickening blow on hohaia in front of 75,000 people at old trafford .   the 27-year-old is preparing to return to rugby league .
the building , built in the 1960s and belongs to zheng gong hospital in henan province , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project .   hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and employed a team of engineers to put ` wheels ' on the building .   building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to ` roll ' it .
eva kor kor , 81 , publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week in an act of forgiveness , called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end .   she argued that any nazis still alive should instead come forward to speak publicly about what they did to help counter the threat of neo-nazi holocaust deniers in germany .   mrs kor made her comments from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany .
jay kantaria , 38 , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill .   coroner said there was ` doubt ' as to mr kantaria 's intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station last october .   north london coroner 's court in barnet was told businessman had ` recently ' left his senior position .
marcos rojo and angel di maria appeared in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa on easter sunday .   united defender rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside di maria and their families .   rojo sat next to his wife and daughter , played the full 90 minutes against villa .
posters read : ` democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah '   cardiff council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed as a priority .   welsh government worker said : ` islam is the only real workable solution for the uk '   posters have been dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals .   council says it is ` chilling and threatening ' to vote .
jose ignacio is the creme de la creme of the fashion world , celebrities and more than a millionaire playboys .   the village of jose ignacio has long been a favourite summer spot for south americans .   with an area of just 68,000 square miles .   uruguay 's beaches are one resort of the world 's most famous jose ignacio .
chelsea captain john terry has revealed his picks for the pfa player and team of the year on instagram .   terry has scored 19 league goals for liverpool in three games this season .   liverpool 's philippe coutinho has hit form in second half of the season .
the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children 's songs for the queen mother 's 90th birthday in august 1990 .   pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance .   the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sam burgess made his first premiership start for bath in the back row .   bath are now six points behind northampton in the table and four .   bath head coach mike ford said burgess was seen the future tonight .
manny pacquiao tried his hand at basketball and acting during his career in boxing .   pacquiao has taken a keen interest in politics over the years .   the filipino boxer is fighting for filipinos in the philippines .
mauricio pochettino has confirmed harry kane will be in gareth southgate 's squad for the tournament in the european championships this summer .   kane is set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer ahead of the championships .   kane made his first start for england against italy last week .
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100 .   lebron james added 20 in his first post-season game with cleveland in five years as the cavaliers beat the boston celtics on sunday .   irving scored 18 points for the spurs .
thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war .   if a golf course were to take place in one of world war i 's like a chill of gallipoli .   the blood of soldiers killed in the peninsula of the peninsula in gallipoli .
eric carter and stephanie mccassin have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child .   the child 's grandmother told authorities that she went to check on the parents and the child in the bathroom and found the two passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub .   the child was not hurt .
real madrid forward scored five goals against granada in la liga .   portuguese star has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top five .   cristiano ronaldo 's record of 36 league goals for the season was lionel messi 's 32 strikes .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice for swansea in their 3-1 win over hull last weekend .   garry monk believes a strong finish will take place in his second season .   everton have won their last three matches on saturday .
maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in december 2013 .   cameron , who was 19 and at the time , raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .   a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident .
edinson cavani has rejected rumours he does not get on with zlatan ibrahimovic .   former napoli forward cavani admits that he and ibrahimovic are not friends .   laurent blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch .
professor irwin horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating , heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a ` f ****** moron ' to his face .   horwitz 's email said every single student in the class would fail because of the behavior during the semester .   in a letter he sent to his strategic management students , he claimed that they cheated in class and were disruptive and rude .
carlos tevez believes it is harder to score goals in serie a than the premier league .   argentine striker has 36 league goals in the italian top flight .   tevez scored 84 premier league goals against manchester united .
saido berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate 's england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june so pulis will remain at the hawthorns beyond the summer .   west brom manager tony pulis has been linked with a move away from west brom .   berahino has said he would leave to play in champions league football .
serena williams claims her eighth miami open title in 14 years .   the world no 1 won her first crown back in 2002 .   williams was presented with the butch buchholz trophy by martina navratilova .
daniel demarco was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45 pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia .   police on scene believed demarco , 28 , looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel .   demarco was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi .
many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from taxpayer services .   a new staff report by republicans on the house ways says the irs diverted millions of taxpayer services and other areas to pay for president obama 's health law .   the agency 's budget has been cut by $ 1.2 billion since 2010 .
kim kardashian will be watching former stepfather bruce jenner 's friday tell-all interview with diane sawyer on friday .   it 's the one year anniversary of kim kardashian 's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city .   narcisco rodriguez ss 2015 from fall 2015 at net-a-porter .
no man 's fort is a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent , which is set to open on april 23 .   guests can hit up the shops , luxury spa , rooftop bar and nightclub or lazer battle arena .   the sea fort is located 2km out at sea and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events .
theo walcott will sit down with gunners chiefs over the next two weeks .   the 26-year-old has struggled for playing time so far this season .   walcott has just over 12 months remaining on his current # 90,000-a-week contract .
james and hope ben canaan declared they were living in a ` false system ' and left the gloriavale christian community on new zealand 's west coast .   founded by the australian-born evangelical preacher neville cooper - now known as cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control .   gloriavale is a christian community of around 500 people who follow the outside world .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   but as the need for the fleet , just over 120 ships remain , so has the number of vessels .   the ships are the ` ghost ' national defense reserve fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need .
jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air '   ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .   in the meeks ' parody video , melissa raps , ` when our family and friends would take longer than the two months '   the clip was viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube
the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to # 40,000 more than the outgoing boss .   he left in december after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period .   hr chief phil howe said the council was ` not fit for purpose ' and ` in denial ' about exploitation .
arsenal may pull out of running to sign raheem sterling .   arsene wenger has condemned jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents .   manchester united and chelsea are keen on signing england international sterling .
great commentator played in 64 tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained australia for skin cancer since november .   began broadcasting for bbc while still a player in 1963 .   took 248 test wickets and hit 2,201 runs .
alastair clarkson was approached by the fan as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room , before clarkson pushes the man and grabs his neck .   the man , thought to be an adelaide power fan , reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` hey clarko , how was the win today brother '   it appears the video was captured by a friend of the young man and it 's believed the pair had been goading clarkson in the face of the hawks coach .   in the video
the storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth for several hours .   more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of fort worth .   nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch sunday night through 11pm with the storm system expected to die out by monday .
floyd mayweather took to his shots account to upload picture inside his private jet .   wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft .   boxing legend muhammad ali wants to see pacquiao come may 2 .
wylie brys and his dad tim brys were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones .   scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil .   brys and wylie discovered the fossil last september , it took over seven months to obtain permits to dig up the bones .
lorraine kelly has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular zumba classes with her instructor maxine jones .   the scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes - up to four times a week .   zumba is a fitness programme , but average at about # 5 .
russell brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row .   in true non-nonsense style , lables andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as ` daft '   painting posted that the australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad .   also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of sukumaran 's work organised by his cousin .
confederate ancestry is a point of pride that 's celebrated in high style at the annual ` festa dos confederados , ' or ` confederates party ' in portuguese .   thousands turn out every year .   but sunday 's party took about 5,000 miles south of the american civil war in santa barbara d'oeste .
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale .   a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out .   a man has also suffered hand lacerations and two females escaped injuries .
denmark captain daniel agger has been accused of elbowing mattias jorgensen .   fc copenhagen are second in denmark 's superligaen on 43 points .   the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials .
the boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food .   the incident took place in padma nagar in the city of bhiwandi , a suburb of mumbai .   the boy is being treated at the thane civil hospital .
west ham became the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices for fans .   west ham 's cheapest adult season ticket comes into effect at the start of the 2016-17 season .   manager sam allardyce has said the move will cost as little as # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year .
emily ratajkowski , 23 , cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i. and pharrell in 2013 .   the american model is the star of robin thicke 's star rocket in 2013 .   her star rocket has been cast in video for song with t.i. .
victoria beckham 's armband shift dress is britain 's biggest fashion retailer .   next tan washed saddle bag will appeal to mothers aged 30 and over .   the high street giant has an impressive line in designer copies .
the cuban was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool in the second defence of his wba lightweight belt .   mathews may fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip of his belt .   derry mathews ' world title challenge is in limbo after richar abril withdrew for a second time .
dick law has flown to south america to finalise a deal for maxi romero .   the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop .   romero is expected to remain with velez on loan .
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the national football league .   hardy , who last played for the carolina panthers , followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february .   hardy was accused of assaulting holder nicole holder , and threatening to kill her .
alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex .   real madrid 's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club 's hq .   the real madrid trio were joined by adidas presenter roman kemp .
a new video shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them .   many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ' i hate the homeless , i do n't feel sorry for you '   the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans .   peter has been homeless for three years .
the former soviet state has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials as sun cream and cold drink .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 .
marc carn , from plymouth , devon , was drinking in irish bar with ten friends near to las ramblas on saturday night when he disappeared .   after he failed to turn up for his flight back home , mr carn told him to find his own way home .   they said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins freddie and stanley .
rio ferdinand believes manchester united are at their strongest with wayne rooney in attack .   united have only lost twice in the premier league in 2015 .   rooney will lead united against manchester city .
researchers from germany , canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question .   they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line .   women are far more reluctant to cause any harm .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform and has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched .   branded the kim kardashian of the social platform , thousands of periscope users around the globe stop .   she 's only been online for 29 days .
ally lees created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for easter , but says it would take more than five people to eat it .   the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man .   chef ally had to use a paella pan for the three food monster omelette .
diet pepsi , caffeine-free diet pepsi and wild cherry diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety .   the sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems .   the decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of sales .
the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a quake struck nepal on saturday .   she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .   holden said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness .
the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater .   the rover 's top speed is 1.5 inches -lrb- 3.8 centimetres -rrb- per second . curiosity is the fourth rover to visit mars .
the 17-year-old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend .   drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war .   she asked her 80-year-old ` poppa ' james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself .
the former another level star , 35 , is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model sophie cahill in front of her young son , causing a bloody nose .   bowers , of no fixed address , was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february .   he answered his police bail last thursday and is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month .
tammy abraham scored against manchester city in the fa youth cup final first leg .   chelsea striker crowned kings of europe in the uefa youth league .   isaac buckley-ricketts is on his way to manchester city from manchester city .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao charged between $ 89.99 and $ 99.99 -lrb- # 66 -rrb- to watch the fight while in britain , sky box office is offering the bout for # 19.99 .   american boxing legend mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights .   mayweather and pacquiao will earn $ 15m -lrb- # 9m -rrb- per minute .
ramon c. estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died sunday at the prison .   the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison .   estrada 's lack of treatment may have played a role in his death .
taxes on earnings went up by nearly # 1,900 under 13 years of labour .   george osborne said labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax and national insurance and insisted ed balls would do the same if given the chance after may 7 .   ` ed miliband and ed balls have done it all before , and they would do it all again ' he said .
photographer ranajit roy spent five minutes taking pictures of the palm squirrel in his hometown of bengaluru .   the indian palm squirrel is about the size of a large chipmunk , with a bushy tail .   the species are found naturally in india .
labour said the ` marie antoinette ' moment showed ` just how out of touch the tories are ' about the lives of working people .   some 60 per cent of people on zero-hours contracts do not want more hours .   tory cabinet minister iain duncan smith said zero-hours contracts were ` wrongly named '   labour said zero-hours minister was ` flexible hours ' in interview .
dr ram manohar , 38 , is alleged to have touched the nurses in 2013 .   he offered to help nurse a with her training on december 23 , 2013 .   he said she asked for his help to learn about chest x-rays .
ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now .   experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants , including 2,500 children , could be killed this year .   just 28 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off the coast of libya on saturday .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .   but his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .   he will be released by sunday morning , with a court date set for april 24 .
the apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- .   the model has an ion-x glass display which is supposed to be ` resistant to scratches and impact ' in a video .   when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first , the screen shattered with beads of glass on the ground after impact .
jack nicklaus was impressed by spieth 's four-shot win over justin rose and phil mickelson .   the 21-year-old spieth equalled tiger woods ' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par .   mcilroy and spieth have a combined age of 46 .
manchester city will be without senegal forward diafra sakho .   west ham manager sam allardyce will hope his own players produce the goods at the etihad stadium on sunday .   west ham are currently in 10th place in the champions league .
blackburn midfielder john o'sullivan is ineligible to play in their fa cup fifth round replay at ewood park .   gary bowyer says it ` does n't make sense ' that he ca n't use o'sullivan .   ewood park will have 24 players and have played 13 games in 43 days .
shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the world 's smallest chicken egg in the world .   she thinks its length of 1.8 cm smaller than a 5p coin - shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder .   shannon spotted it among the ordinary-sized eggs in her hen coop .
rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment .   she had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts .   suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half .
bath abbey could have the energy of bath 's 45 °c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building .   the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has been granted planning permission .   the church of england 's plans involve harnessing the world 's first natural underfloor heating system with an ancient hot spring .
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known .   used to keep a child with autism safe and are an tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships .   the term ` autism spectrum disorders ' is an umbrella term that includes autistic disorder ; asperger 's and atypical autism .
ed miliband said it was ` not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next .   he said labour government would give workers right to demand ` regular contract if they do regular hours ' after three months .   mr miliband said there had been an ` epidemic ' of zero-hours contracts under coalition .
the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels .   ten years ago , bartender liz clark swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world .   liz worked as a bartender for three years , the ten-year trip has helped liz perfect her surf-boarding talents .
binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for chelsea street style .   she has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 when it first started with spencer matthews and rosie fortescue .   she said : ` binky 's five tips for her favourite high street style .
leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if they beat swansea at home on saturday by three goals and burnley fail to win at everton .   leicester boss nigel pearson has called for realism in the premier league .   wes morgan trains with leicester 's game against swansea at the weekend .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail .   now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .   the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 .
the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night and , as reigning champions will host the opening game of the season .   espn will begin their season of monday night football with a double-header in week one with the atlanta falcons against the minnesota vikings .   nfc champions seattle seahawks will travel to london on october 4 before the jacksonville jaguars take on the buffalo bills .
rory mcilroy is the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national .   europe 's ryder cup captain paul mcginley says mcilroy is no jose mourinho .   mcginley says the world no 1 is a figure in world sport .
the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey .   the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour .   it is the sixth time the queen has given a vc to a living , british recipient during her reign .
inter milan coach roberto mancini cancelled his players ' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on sunday .   the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time .   mancini was furious with his side 's 1-1 draw at home to parma on saturday .
david cameron and boris johnson were left stumped by the puzzle at advantage children 's day nursery in surbiton , south west london .   the pair had more fun finger painting with tory blue paint .   the pair were at the nursery to promote a tory pledge to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged three and four .
more than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers for gay israeli couples who are being airlifted out of nepal to safety .   the plane had previously delivered doctors to nepal to aid rescue efforts .   later in the day , five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their israeli families .
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed .   nasheed 's first democratically elected leader was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison .   clooney said she will not rest until nasheed walks free .
dr victor ramirez gave a ` brazilian butt lift ' to a australian tourist who died during the procedure lost another patient just a year before her death in march this year .   the family of evita nicole sarmonikas arrived back in sydney on tuesday from mexico where they flew on a mission to bring her body home , after being pressured to have her remains created before an official autopsy could be carried out .   the 52-year-old american woman was given a tummy tuck by dr ramirez , and began complaining of shortness of
nigel jackson , 59 , was arrested at his country home in alvor , near portimao .   jackson claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer .   but he had now changed his story , saying he buried her in his garden .
real madrid forward karim benzema believes his side are the first side to retain the champions league .   the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season .   benzema 's club team-mate james rodriguez has criticised carlo ancelotti .
henrik larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal .   andersson made 130 appearances for the club in 2004 and 2009 .   the former celtic striker had no problems but to play daniel andersson .
amedy coulibaly stormed into the cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces .   lawyers claim kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of charlie hebdo magazine .   six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during january 's islamist attacks in paris have sued french media for broadcasting their location live during the siege .
barack obama made an unscheduled stop at the bob marley museum in jamaica last night while on a visit to the country for a meeting with caribbean leaders .   the first president to visit jamaica in three decades , obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller , u.s. ambassador to jamaica luis moreno .   on a tour of the house the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum by his family .
a campaign video tells the story of patricia , who slept rough on the streets of brixton for six months and was forced to use makeshift sanitary products while menstruating .   the team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , says she would use ` ripped up cloth ' as a sanitary towel .   she has since been housed in a flat by south london homeless charity spires .
hernandez has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013 .   he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd .   he was dating the sister of hernandez 's fianceé at the time .
half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets .   ` anna wright ' is the first of the 30 names on the list to be read out as if from a class register .   in a pink-walled bedroom , justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer .
police hunting for karen buckley have found ` human remains ' on a farm outside the city and arrested a man ` in connection with her death '   police have taped off high craigton farm near milngavie to the north of glasgow .   officers made the discovery on the outskirts of milngavie , some nine miles from the scottish city .   police spokesman said miss buckley 's family had been informed .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night .   didier drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in london on tuesday .   chelsea striker diego costa was forced off with a hamstring injury .
lord fellowes , 65 , is to turn trollope 's 1858 doctor thorne into a new historical drama for itv .   he said : ` doctor thorne is one of my favourite novels , it is romantic and i am '   mary 's son frank is also a secret about mary 's parentage .   doctor thomas thorne , who stars in the new disney cinema hit cinderella .
manchester united boss louis van gaal is in the running for manager of the year .   the dutch doctor will go for jose mourinho or ronald koeman .   sean dyche , ashley young and juan mata scored in 4-2 win against city .
ligue 1 top scorers have won seven of france 's last eight matches .   zlatan ibrahimovic , david luiz and vincent labrune are all in the world .   marseille president lucas moura on sunday night in ligue 1 .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd , a football player who was dating his sister .   hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison .   his defense said he witnessed the killing of a friend but did not commit it himself .   the former tight end and two friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , picked up lloyd at his boston home before dawn on june 17 .
massimo vian said that his company is working with google on two new versions of its google glass project .   google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year .   the executive has been to california to meet with google 's team .
the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday .   the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .   the navy has been beefing up its presence in the gulf of aden and the southern arabian sea .
first lady michelle obama and jimmy fallon pulled some mom moves on the dance floor again during her appearance on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night .   it was first launched in february 2010 .   the let 's move encourages people to eat better , be more active and healthier .
researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 .   half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days .   the women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix .   hamilton said his team-mate had been ` selfish ' by playing the race .   lewis hamilton , sebastian vettel , nico rosberg , rosberg and rosberg .
the gisèle freund photographs were taken by gisèle freund , a german-born french photographer , who had travelled to mexico in 1950 .   the new series of photographs of the late artist frida kahlo have been released as part of a new book .   pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed .
noaa fisheries in maryland says humpback whale is no longer endangered .   ten of these will be ` not at risk ' , two ` threatened ' and two still ` endangered '   the endangered species would be off the west and east coast of africa .   it follows a conservation ` success story ' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
matt kemp 's rage was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a ` c *** '   during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp says he would work himself into a ` frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage .   kemp said he regrets treating his ex-wife that way , ` if you were n't my f *** ing wife i would f *** you - you c *** . '   kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and business .
the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , falls below that of devon enclave .   the average value of a waterfront property in some of the uk 's most expensive cities .   property prices in salcombe have soared 10 per cent in the last 12 months .
survey by financial guide money advice service found 24 per cent lied to their partners about what they spend on themselves .   around one in five said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances .   45 per cent of people surveyed di n't know how much their partner earned .
albert webb , 51 , and jesse webb , 19 , accosted pensioners with dementia in the street asking for payment for roof repairs they had n't done have been jailed for eight years .   if the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them .   most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s .
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ` godfather of cricket ' after the former australia captain and broadcaster 's death at the age of 84 .   he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests .   the australian flag at the scg is lowered at half mast as a tribute to benaud .
mesut ozil went out for 30 minutes at st james ' park with a cold .   arsene wenger insists he is satisfied with the # 42.5 million man 's explanation .   wenger said he was not ready to make the side at the emirates .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at home she shared with husband deepak , 34 , in india 's madhya pradesh state .   she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and said her husband treated her like a slave .   her friend , alia kohli , 32 , said she would rather live with her parents , she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year .
swansea beat hull 2-0 at the liberty stadium on saturday .   steve bruce has scored five goals in the premier league so far this season .   bafetimbi gomis and bafetimbi gomis scored in the first half .
joseph devaney , 23 , struck cookie over the head with a meat cleaver .   owners john and emma evans brought down the machete on the animal 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims ' car .   cookie suffered serious injuries and is now recovering at home in lancashire .
jack wilshere was joined by other injury to captain arsenal under 21s .   former arsenal defender martin keown 's son niall scored the winner .   wilshere scored a winner for arsenal 's 1-0 defeat by reading .
former director of public prosecutions keir starmer was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted ` witch hunt ' into tabloid journalists .   keir starmer ran the crown prosecution service for five years .   it ended in not guilty verdicts .
seattle archbishop j. peter sartain delivered the homily at a funeral mass at chicago 's holy name cathedral .   george died friday , april 17 at age 78 after a long battle with cancer .   he was to be buried thursday in his family 's plot at all saints cemetery in des plaines .
david atherton , 65 , was just about to put his meal in the cooker when he caught sight of the black and white california king hiding inside .   he scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box .   it has been given a temporary home with a conservationist since she heard about the incident and needed to go to hospital with heart problems .
sir alex ferguson was in glasgow on thursday to make # 5,000 donation to mary barbour fund .   sir alex is the man of manchester united in the summer of 2013 .   the 73-year-old says he does n't have obsessions now .
employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since december 2013 .   last month 's subpar job growth could make the federal reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record in june .   employers now appear wary about the economy .
lizzi crawford , 32 , tipped the scales at 20 stone after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant .   she had reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers , pizzas and spirits .   but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds .
baby malakai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $ 90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter .   doctors say he may not be able to walk .   about 15 to 20 cases of pks are known to be in australia .
a fed up resident of cammeray , a north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders .   ` dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics '   the note was split on the parking issue .   other locals ` horrified ' by the letter .
toni duggan shared an image of her with manchester united manager louis van gaal on instagram .   the manchester city forward issued an apology on her facebook page and removed the photo .   duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media .
more than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists .   shadow chancellor ed balls said if standards continued to decline at the current rate , then by 2020 millions more will face long waits to see gps .   labour said there had been a ` dramatic decline in standards ' in the nhs over the past five years .
mcc reveals plans to replace the ` tired ' tavern and allen stands .   mcc is operating to a projected budget of # 80million , and hopes work can begin in autumn 2017 .   redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of lord 's to almost 30,000 .
deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his constituency .   mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by more than 50 per cent of vote .   poll by lord ashcroft shows 36 % of voters in sheffield hallam are planning to vote .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 ended in sydney on thursday night in a finale show by johanna johnson .   the hollywood-inspired collection , ` sirens ' call , was created in under one month by the great gatsby .   johnson 's trademark gowns featured the hair and make-up were influenced by leather and cashmere .
tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later .   now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people live in garnet and work as a new tourist stop .   garnet is said to be haunted by some of its former residents .
conditions this week are set to be average for april , with showers on the way and double figures for most of the country .   met office has a severe yellow ` be aware ' ice warning for north-east scotland .   more than 38,000 marathon runners in london had the uk 's top temperature of 14.8 c -lrb- 58.6 f -rrb- .
john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach .   the swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last week .   the swarm was a mix of blacktip and spinner sharks .
robert hardy , 89 , is selling off his collection of antiques in a # 100,000 auction .   mr hardy is a keen military historian who studied english and is now an expert on the medieval longbow .   the piece was created by actor robert hardy .
finding may explain why spices , herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them , despite none being allowed in insecticides .   nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the european union in 2009 because of its toxicity .   they used peppermint plants , which contain minimal traces of nicotine , in a series of mulching and fumigation experiments .
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron .   the 24-year-old has been named the next ricky hatton due to his fan base and close to 10,000 into the first direct arena on saturday night .   warrington said the home favourite also was the vacant wbc international title .
michael owen was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed along with his friend kyle careford in east sussex .   tributes have been paid to two friends who died after their car crashed into a church wall .   mr owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer .
the liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows .   campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45 am .   hamilton college in upstate new york was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a possible shooter on campus .
celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness later this month at hampden .   the game 's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15 pm on sunday , april 18 - before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow .   celtic have complained to the east stand being # 15 for adults and # 5 for concessions .
sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi is the biggest in the middle east .   british photographer julian john is planning an exhibition of his photos .   teaching assistant julian , living in the uae capital for the last four years , says it is the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown .
drone carrying small traces of radioactive material landed on roof of prime minister 's office in tokyo .   radioactive material likely caesium , soft metal and harmless to human body .   drone was found to contain traces of a radioactive substance .
moussa sissoko was sent off following a reckless challenge on lucas leiva .   head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red .   the france international is banned for two matches .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , has been arrested after her daughter layla was found beaten to death at home in festus , missouri .   fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on sunday .   layla had severe injuries to her face and neck , and was bruised all over .
hassan munshi , one of two teenagers feared to have traveled to syria are ` in a state of profound shock ' and deeply worried about the safety of their ` ordinary yorkshire lads '   he was convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims at the age of 15 back in 2006 .   the pair from dewsbury , west yorkshire have not been in contact with their families .   hassan 's alleged relative hammaad was locked up for two years .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters .   he is playing with justin rose in the final .   spieth is the first player to beat for the top prize of $ 1.8 million at the $ 10 million event .
born with epidermolysis bullosa , his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal .   one in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition .   jonathan will likely only live to 25 .
prime minister stepped off the sleeper train at penzance today .   he is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally .   lib dems put labour on 34 per cent - one point ahead of tories .
` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit in nashua this weekend .   clinton is now running for president and will campaign in new hampshire this week .   she ditched the van within days and flew back to the east coast travelling coach .
juventus defender and 76-cap italy international giorgio chiellini are on the first minute of juve 's champions league quarter-final against monaco on wednesday .   the serie a leaders won the tie on aggregate after a 0-0 at the stade louis ii in the champions league .   juve are hoping to win serie a with 73 points from 31 games .
beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the halftime show at super bowl in new orleans .   the group received a gospel medley that included the song ` alpha & omega ' and the hit single ` say yes ' from michelle 's ` journey to freedom ' cd .   they were n't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .   the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own and ` adorable '   footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container .   the duo then sit together .
french league president frederic thiriez did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands ahead of saturday 's league cup final .   sweden international zlatan ibrahimovic scored twice in the first half .   bastia lost 4-0 to paris saint germain .
carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , berkshire , has attacked the ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms .   cheesy slogans such as ` reach for the stars ' on posters in schools could be detrimental to pupils .   mr hendrick argues that schools should boosting pupils ' confidence .
charles tillman remains a favourite for his work on and off the field .   the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers .   charles tillman has ended his career with the two-time pro bowler .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work .   he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put mr spalding 's body parts and tools into two suitcases .   bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender .
nigel farage was expected at a farm in staffordshire but missed a ukip event .   organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his car .   mr farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of $ 13.6 billion in profit - and up 40 % from a year ago .   $ 200 billion in cash , up from around $ 150 billion a year .   revenue from mac computers rose 2 % to $ 5.6 billion .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were in attendance at searcys function rooms in london 's west end for the ` football fighting ebola ' event .   the west ham striker and southampton right-back were among the premier league stars to attend a special event to tackle ebola on sunday .   the event was a fundraising reception for the charity , which was founded by cole and godfrey torto .
dave brockie was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 .   a medical examiner determined the musician died of accidental drug overdose .   the grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics .
a dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own .   he is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor dr salomon melgen in exchange for the influence of his office .   melgen flew menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at his office .
sheree morgan , 25 , and sophie , 21 , both of nelson , lancashire , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money .   the victims were conned out of over # 36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman .   the couple , a man aged 86 , and his 84-year old wife from cardiff in south wales were contacted by a sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an eastern european crime gang who had got hold of their
harley jo skorpenske suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car .   corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to shame the anonymous note writer .   also defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university .
anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday after allegedly breaking in to a home in georgia .   his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children 's healthcare of atlanta .   the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood .
brendan rodgers is hoping memphis depay will offer liverpool as his next destination .   psv are looking for # 25million for depay and has been linked with bayern munich .   burnley 's danny ings and james milner of manchester city are diego costa .
louis van gaal believes man city will not be as defensive-minded as aston villa .   manchester united are one point ahead of manchester city at old trafford .   ander herrera scored two goals as manchester united beat aston villa .
emerald green , diamond encrusted belt unveiled by former world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman .   current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show .   sulaiman and holmes unveil the $ 1m dollar belt at an event in mexico city .
asian hornets have killed at least six people in france .   the hornet is thought to have travelled to france on chinese pot plants in 2004 .   uk beekeepers have been sent email alerts to be on the wind for the menaces .
franck ribery claims he turned down real madrid five years ago because he was told he was as important to bayern munich as lionel messi was to barcelona .   real wanted ribery after he fell out with then-bayern head coach louis van gaal and says real were willing to pay for him .   the french winger , 32 , has won four bundesliga titles as a champions league .
the retired midnight oil lead singer has put his family 's sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million .   the three bedroom terrace property was bought by garrett for $ 932,500 in 2010 .   the garretts live in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs .
pierre collins was phootgraphed monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal .   he was arrested monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins .   collins ' wife , yamah collins , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and will be processed and taken to the hennepin county jail .
the first robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of fukushima nuclear power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission .   more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the 2011 nuclear disaster .   photographs were captured as part of the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors .
kayla mooney , who is in her first year of teaching science at danbury high school in danbury , connecticut , turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday .   she was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year .   she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february .
cricketing legend richie benaud was to be farewelled by a group of twelve people at a secret ceremony in sydney 's eastern suburbs .   his wife daphne and brother john benaud were farewelled at the australian golf club for a memorial .   mrs benaud was believed to be richie 's brother and sister-in-law , john and lindsay benaud .
french customs officers found a stash of cocaine in a suitcase that had his name on it but did n't belong to him .   french officials said the illicit drugs , worth more than $ 1.3 million in street value , were discovered after a flight arrived at the airport in nice on a flight from the dominican republic .   last year customs officers seized more than six tonnes of cocaine inside her suitcase .
kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill .   auguste escoffier was installed by césar ritz when the savoy first opened .   woodward will head about 35 chefs and 40 per cent are women .
david billing , 48 , has told how he had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital , during which surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue .   then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from mr billing 's arm - which still has hairs on it .   now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
gang targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops , swiping # 2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at # 30,000 in the process .   cctv footage shows gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance as they burst into supermarket .   gang also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers .
the labour leader 's secret cribsheets reveal how he planned to ` use the people at home '   mr miliband appears to exhort himself to ` relish the chance to show who i am '   mr miliband clashed with nick clegg and four other party leaders .   labour leader also wrote the words ` negative ' and ` positive ' by an arrow .   mr miliband also wrote ` me and positive ' and a positive arrow .
queens park rangers goalkeeper rob green is good enough to challenge england no 1 joe hart for a place in the national team .   green has won 12 england caps .   qpr face green and co in premier league on saturday .
angus hawley 's brother , antonia kidman , died of a suspected heart attack in new york on saturday .   his brother says he does n't understand the death of his brother .   the children are reportedly set to join the family in sydney as they rally around david 's second wife prue fisher .
managers from london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne .   they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours .   ambulance service is far cheaper than training them in britain .
jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business .   ' i was on a services company with an 80 million dollar ' says burston .   the technology services firm turned over $ 40 billion in its first four year .
new england patriots coach bill belichick was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen 's posterior over the weekend , but his girlfriend linda holliday put in her two cents .   holliday , who 's dated belichick since 2006 , was smart to include the photo as evidence .   the singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the shot from saturday 's white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday .
kamron t. taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m.   he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds .   taylor was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .   taylor hid out and attacked the guard , a military veteran with 10 years .
michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim .   ' i do n't want my heart to be chained ... i went through , ' she told crowd of 1,200 people .   knight was held captive by ariel castro for more than a decade .
manchester united beat romelu lukaku 2-0 at goodison park on sunday .   louis van gaal was a goal for manchester united in the fifth minute .   james mccarthy and kevin mirallas scored for the hosts .
kevin coulton from manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it '   but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days .   the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate jenner 's bee-stung pout .   now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal .   the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast on monday .   he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat .
kong meng xiong , 21 , of st. paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment .   the girl 's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xiong .   xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and xiong to marry in the hmong tradition .
the queen was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box .   the queen 's second place is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials .   the horses bred by royal sheikh mohammed of dubai take to the track .
the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa .   more than half of countries said they had the most restful sleep on this day .   the sleep cycle app tracks a user 's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases .   it has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 june 2014 and 31 march this year from users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries .
chris strodder has created a disneyland book of lists , which contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known .   in the fantasyland 's peter pan ride , 10,000 people would attend .   disneyland first opened in california on july 17 .
budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable .   video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia .   15-month-old budi and jemmi have developed a ` beautiful friendship '   budi was trapped in chicken coup in borneo .
protests by japanese-american groups and star trek 's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps .   the items from the collection of ` dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville , new jersey .   the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and crafts they made .
kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend jessica sexton , he was not feeling well .   he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck .   on february 8 , a man fishing at lake lanier discovered kelly nash 's decomposed body in lake lanier .
millions flock to the ancient , religious city every year .   jerusalem is a rare condition known as jerusalem syndrome .   jerusalem syndrome is likely part of a broader psychosis .
sir james munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to getting their children to do things they do n't want to do .   the job of parents is to make children do not find boring or health .   the price of failure could be lifelong pain for the parents or even .
china is creating a ` great wall of sand ' in the south china sea , the us navy has said .   but this is one of several artificial islands china has been creating in the region .   the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs .
harry redknapp appeared on sky sports ' show the fantasy football club with paul merson .   redknapp claims he was attacked by arsenal fans as he left the emirates stadium after the 4-1 win over liverpool .   redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of queens park rangers .
abdelkrim elmezayen was pulled dead at the scene shortly after 6pm on thursday .   their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital .   firefighters rushed to the port in san pedro when passers-by heard cries for help .   the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth when the vehicle , driven by the boys ' father , veered off the edge of the harbor .
16-year-old filmed throwing a kitten against a door and flushing it in the toilet .   he claimed he was ` accidentally ' high on ` white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis .   owner sarah reeves given a ten-year ban from keeping animals .
patrick o'melia , 39 , a deputy with the volusia county sheriff 's office , was on patrol near deland in florida and asked to help 34-year-old justin braddock .   mr o'melia found braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr .   braddock , who had injected a large amount of the drug that day , was taken to hospital but fled .
jordan brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter .   kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun '   his mother kim says they threw a pound coin into his grave for him .   jordan was attacked by south korean artist psy in september last year .
manchester united winger ashley young believes the club will be selected for the premier league title next season .   the red devils are third in the table this term - 11 points behind chelsea .   louis van gaal 's career has been revitalised under van gaal this season .
robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple 's home in 2013 .   she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on june 5 .   colleen harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of her then-husband ann harris .
the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor in turkey 's super lig .   the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital .   marks can be seen on the windscreen of the fenerbahce team bus after the attack .
manny pacquiao already has two platinum albums to his name back home .   in 2007 , pacquiao recorded his own song for his fight with floyd mayweather .   pacquiao also has a quiz show called manny pacquiao .
british scientists have discovered an achilles ' heel of prostate cancer which could lead to better treatments .   the disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk , with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body .   scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate .
sergio ramos and atletico madrid striker mandzukic clashed on tuesday night during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid .   mario mandzukic bought mandzukic from bayern munich , and the croatia international was bitten .   diego terry was not diego costa to sign for chelsea at the vicente calderon .
five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone .   fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by ` unprecedented ' scale of destruction .   officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires .
the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   leah williamson and leah williamson are second in the group .
jefferson county circuit judge laura petro dismissed the case against anthony ray hinton .   prosecutors told a judge they wo n't re-try him for two slayings .   hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders during robberies of restaurants near birmingham .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix .   they asked people to pick their top ten ` everyday emergencies ' - things that caused them an undue amount of stress in their daily lives .   groups from london-based design company makerversity were asked to design products that could alleviate certain emergencies - and three were picked for a shortlist .
paul clement is a leading candidate to replace steve mcclaren at derby county .   the former england manager is newcastle 's first choice to replace john carver ahead of next season .   clement is one of the number of candidates for mcclaren 's job .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ` promising ' indian cricketer who has died after colliding with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch during a club match in kolkata .   keshri colleded had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest following on-field injury '   the 20-year-old died after being hit on the neck by a bouncer in a sheffield shield match .   keshri keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit .   those involved in activities ` take part in ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive '   it is alleged hate preacher sent abu hamza to train in the brecon beacons .   he was arrested as part of an al-qaeda inspired gang .
anna tilley affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 .   90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment involving a simple set of lifesaving measures known as sepsis six .   college is calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals .
blackpool supporters pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at bloomfield road with a flare , fireworks and eggs before their game with reading .   the bottom-of-the-table seasiders ' relegation to league one was pelted by rotherham 's victory over brighton on monday .   chairman karl oyston was the target of a lack of investment in their club .
some of the 2,500 police officers fired ` toward the vicinity ' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev .   they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns .   it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer 's bullet .
a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of sydney airport 's busy international terminal on thursday morning .   the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle .   it is believed the fire started in the engine in the car .
andres iniesta scored first-half goals during his side 's 2-0 victory against spain .   holland manager guus hiddink has called them a ` disgrace '   spain midfielder andres iniesta and davy klaassen scored on the bench .   holland face spain on tuesday night at the amsterdam arena .
new app allows users to remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow users .   so now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing .   personal dilemmas launched last month by two executives , ed and rob watts .
honza and claudine lafond , who live in sydney , have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on instagram .   the pair run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , who married in 2008 , share an upside-down kiss in rome to the paris 's eiffel tower in paris .   honza , from sydney , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds .
gary dahl , the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the pet rock , has died at age 78 in southern oregon .   mr dahl 's wife , marguerite dahl , confirmed on tuesday that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .   he had sold 1.5 million of them at $ 4 each .
the national radio astronomy observatory claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life .   the frequencies band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz .   the frequencies irobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol - a key sign of star formation .
paris saint-germain beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france on saturday .   edinson cavani opened the scoring from the penalty spot .   sebastien squillaci was sent off and doubled the lead before halftime .
fabian orellana was handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation .   his straight-red card for throwing grass at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets ' a lump of turf at him on the back of the neck '   celta 11th in the league table with 35 points .   celta vigo will be against granada on wednesday night .
ashy bines is the face of ashy bines bikini body challenge .   is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago .   case will be heard next friday with pilot partners already consenting to be liquidators if tax office wins .
clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of king family 's flight to spain .   ashya was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from hospital .   doctors ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013 .   the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village by m. night shyamalan .   the overcomers have lived outside gloriavale for two years .
george north will miss saturday 's quarter-final at clermont auvergne .   north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months .   saints director of rugby will await expert opinion .
study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent suffered online abuse by parents .   this type of bullying is on rise for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year .   teachers ' union nasuwt suggests parents are using facebook and twitter to intimidate staff .
prince william 's wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ' time .   he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave .   he may be a new man on her maternity hospital bed .
publication of sir john chilcot 's inquiry had already been pushed back until next year at the earliest .   bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out .   report is expected to criticise dozen of senior figures in 2003 conflict .
brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill .   the new zealand batsman was bowled during the final .   icc president mustafa kamal has resigned after criticism of their behaviour .
cassandra fortin was ordered by the connecticut supreme court to undergo cancer treatment .   the department of children and families took temporary custody after cassandra refused her chemotherapy treatments for hodgkin lymphoma .   the state agency last fall won temporary custody of cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite risk of dying without them .
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson as he tried to treat him after he sustained a head injury in a fight .   the 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved ms hudson while he was taken to hull royal infirmary .   thurlow of druffield was given a four month sentence , suspended for 12 months .
garry monk insists newcastle 's players will not be affected by any supporters ' protests at st james ' park on saturday .   the magpies have lost their last six premier league games under caretaker manager john carver and more demonstrations are planned for the visit of swansea .   newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon .
hillary clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa .   price then drove them to the coffee house to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport .   the three got the lion 's share of mrs. clinton 's time .   bird himself is a frequent participant in iowa democratic party events .
a 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain which had been left uncovered .   firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy , who was trapped for more than half an hour .   it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in peterborough , cambridgeshire on monday afternoon .
the anfield boss was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and rubbish strewn across the garden .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in accrington to rot .   his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons .
bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features .   the elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car .   bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers in the car .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in alabama and his mom put his photo on facebook .   the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake .   eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old .   doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older .
harry kane is still eligible for gareth southgate 's young lions .   kane won his first england caps last week .   the former liverpool and blackburn boss said he can not go to the european championship .
groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy ocean views on the plot for two nights .   ile bay in brittany , france , is the perfect retreat for $ 200 -lrb- # 145 / $ 215 -rrb- .   the property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home .
new york is called ` the big apple ' , that london is known as ` the city of love '   flights back to a street known as block 16 for selling alcohol and offering prostitution .   singapore , or ` lion city , ' has been demolished after the second world war .   sir stamford raffles is sin city now for the name of prostitutes .
andres iniesta had to be replaced by xavi eight minutes into the quarter-final first leg at the parc des princes .   la liga leaders are two points clear of real madrid .   iniesta has won six league titles and could miss the league game with valencia .
davy mcgregor suffered the injury to his ear while playing for heriot 's rugby club against the barbarians .   davy mcgregor was caught by an opponent 's hip or shorts on his way to a plastic surgeon to try .   the barbarians won the clash 97-31 in rugby but it 's not for one of the ear injuries .
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had ' a problem with race '   remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' ukip supporters .   mr farage dragged into racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency .   mr umunna accused ukip of whipping up ` anti-immigration sentiment '   labour 's chuka umunna said ukip ` hates modern britain '   ukip leader said : ` it is a problem of race ' and is infected with `
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .   the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting .   kevin pietersen and head coach andy flower are sacked .
campaigners against the new protein world ` are you beach body ready ? '   transport for london said adverts are being removed .   change.org petition calling for adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures .   advertising standards authority has also been defaced by bloggers .
one of the companies in the 12 next space technologies for exploration partnerships says they have an engine that could get humans to mars in just 39 days .   other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space .   nasa is considering it for use on a future mission to mars .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on monday .   manuel pellegrini 's side have not won a premier league game since 20 years .   the last time city beat blackburn 3-2 at ewood park on april 17 .
daniel craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause .   last year , the united nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines .   162 states are parties to the anti-personnel mine ban convention .
swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic .   the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show in new york .   just over half of the vehicles produced at swindon are exported to the continent .
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta .   it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday .   the driver of the van 's driver ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway '   the three men who died were ejected from the vehicle .
reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church .   her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park .   ms scott 's father robert was posted on facebook by her sister kim .
hannah brierley , 16 , spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat .   she thought her mother was playing a prank when she hung up on top of the radiator in her bathroom .   the albino snake was found curled up on a radiator at her home in rochdale , manchester .
raheem sterling rejected liverpool 's contract offer of # 100,000-a-week .   england winger says he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old .   sterling says it is not money for liverpool .
the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america .   at first the radio take command and pavarotti 's voice can be heard from around side the road .   the song driver says : ` wow ' was one of the three tenors .
maría jose carrascosa was released from a new jersey jail on friday after moving her daughter to spain when the girl 's father was granted custody of the child .   carrascosa was taken to the bergen county jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring her daughter back to the united states .   carrascosa , a native of spain , was jailed nearly nine years behind bars .
ally mccoist was out on gardening leave at palmerston park .   stuart mccall 's second place hopes for rangers in the second half .   hibs and hearts are all over the plastic pitch .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week .   liverpool boss brendan rodgers insists sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window .   steve mcmanaman ended his first season as a liverpool regular .
real housewives of new jersey star joe giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen .   giudice pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation .   his wife , teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 at the nou camp last month .   cristiano ronaldo scored the goal of his real madrid career against rayo vallecano .   iker casillas has scored four points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
robin ellis shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero ross poldark .   he was diagnosed by chance in 1999 aged 58 after a friend was diagnosed with prostate cancer .   he had smoked 20 roll-ups a day for 20 years .
there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss .   the caribbean island had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 60 per cent .   panama came in at fifth place and guatemala was eighth while eastern european countries were women .
chelsea are set to announce the # 4.5 million signing of nathan allan de souza .   the brazilian attacking midfielder turned 19 last month .   nathan tweeted he was set to sign for contract talks and a medical .
harry kane led out his side for the first time during their goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday .   the tottenham striker scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27 and made a first international start in italy on tuesday .   at just 21 years and 251 days , harry kane has been the premier league 's youngest captain this season .
strictly come dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games .   former olympic gymnast louis smith , mbe , is now also very good at his fans with selfies .   louis ' gymnast , 25 , says he is a ` belfie ' and a ` topless ' selfie .
jondrew lachaux , from las vegas , is married to the teenager 's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips - they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship .   lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant , but she did not know .   in august , lachaux and phillips decided to go on a road trip in california for over six months .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago .   the university 's women 's collective had launched a petition on the website to have mr ritchie removed from his role in the tuu .   the petition said mr ritchie ` was elected to the role of women 's officer unconstitutionally .
dante gabriel rossetti 's muse fanny cornforth died at the graylingwell hospital on february 24 , 1909 , at the age of 74 .   at the time of her death she was suffering from clear symptoms of dementia .   born sarah cox in 1835 was used to pose for at least 60 of his artworks .
its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert in october 2014 .   the company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ` better '   co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .   the first will be by richard branson and his family .
jan bearman has had a new tattoo on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell , who died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes .   jan 's new show , tattoo tales , follows the journey of some of the customers of bondi ink , a tattoo parlour on sydney 's eastern beaches .   when shelley , jan , now 83 .
sarah reign , 26 , from new york , supplements her day job as a security guard at a factory .   she gorges on junk food and sugary treats on camera for men who like to watch her eat .   miss reign says she wo n't do nude squashing .
the boy picked up a used condom and put it in his mouth in the colorado school playground .   his mother said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his std testing .   the school district was refusing to pay for the healthcare costs now that her son must be tested for all stds .
queen letizia , 42 , teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service while her daughters wore above-the-knee outfits .   it is the first time princess leonor , 9 , and princess sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement .   king felipe vi , 47 , has not completed a full year on the throne .
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in damascus .   the schoolboy said the isis fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before isis seized control of 90 per cent of the camp .   the school is currently home to 98 displaced people .
deanna robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home .   she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and husband .   robinson , of quinlan , texas , insists he struck her about three of four more times .
cathleen hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections , including from her former spouse , to her son being cremated after his death .   hackney , 56 , denies one offence of making a false representation to procure burning of human remains .   hackney is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court .
footage captured on cctv camera near an office in shimla , india .   it shows the monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past .   the teenager is sent to the ground as an insult to a monkey left him on his back .
paris saint-germain beat barcelona 3-1 at the parc des princes on wednesday .   laurent blanc admits that barcelona were beaten to his side .   luis suarez scored his second goal of the champions league tie .
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year .   locals dress up in traditional costumes while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing .   other water temple fairs are held in chinese new year .
the 39-year-old man , reported to be a father of six , was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway at 2am on sunday .   he died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene .   police believe the attack was known to police .
joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading because the club had no spares .   blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis was forced to wear the signed shirt .   blackpool 's relegation from the championship last week is rotherham 's 1-0 win over brighton .
lady sasima srivikorn is also co-chairman of reading football club with madejski .   she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games .   the championship club will swap the madejski stadium for wembley on saturday in the fa cup semi-final .
the boy was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission .   she is reportedly not the child 's mother , said the child was possessed by demons .   the witness said she knew benjamin 's mother since she was pregnant with him .
mark selby beat ronnie o'sullivan in last year 's final to claim his maiden crucible title .   no first-time champion in sheffield has won kurt maflin on day one of the world championship .   mark selby is the 31-year-old from leicester .
just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off .   contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar .   will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off .
new documentary will show how once 10,000 organs are transplanted in china every year .   human rights lawyer david matas and former canadian member david kilgour have spent years investigating allegations of organ harvesting of falun gong practitioners in china .   they believe the organs come from members of the falun gong movement .
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about his cool when the manchester united midfielder returns to goodison park on sunday for the first time since his # 27million move from everton .   rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury .   van gaal is set for a trip to everton and will be fellaini 's first return to his former club .
reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work .   ` obiaruf ' appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost .   this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' - late last year .
marcelo bosch kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals .   referee nigel owens was sent off by security but his call .   england 's first team in semi-finals in european rugby champions cup .
koral reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later by october 2014 , reef would be dead .   reef 's family believes she picked up the rare balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a may 2013 trip to lake havasu .   balamuthia infection is very rare .
the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month after questions about his lavish lifestyle .   the letter seeks a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs .   the four-term congressman 's campaign fund balance is $ 3.3 million .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   over a million people visit the walls every year .   an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period .   but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions .   in october 2014 mrs everley underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries .   she hopes her story will raise awareness to the symptoms of ovarian cancer .
the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers .   the arresting officers in the cases include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .   all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts ` exchanged among themselves and former police officers '   alex alvarez resigned in january .
the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june .   striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative .   the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have unveiled a decision to use a black and white colour scheme .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday .   robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer .   lewandowski spent four years at dortmund .
18-year-old ryan heritage from wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on trowbridge police 's facebook page , saying : ` oi yo check if there 's a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck !!! ' he went out for a night out in his town .   he was charged with theft and burglary and wanted on warrant for failing to appear in court has been spotted in town .   a local male wanted on suspicion of theft .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
her majesty 's account @britishmonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers during its time online and more than double the prince of wales and his @clarencehouse account .   spain 's young royal couple , king felipe and queen letizia , are also popular figures on twitter and their @koninklijkhuis account has an 151,000 followers .   the duchess of york is already the world 's most popular online royal .
floyd mayweather jnr is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time .   manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2 .   mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .   carter also served as president of football league and a vice-president of the football association .   sir philip died peacefully at home on thursday morning after a short illness .
u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs .   the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 .   the tea party groups suing the government can pursue their claims that the irs violated their first and fifth amendment rights .
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract .   atletico madrid have struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge .   luis played in brazil 's friendly against france and chile .
robert fidler , 66 , secretly constructed the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002 .   he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years .   the four-bedroom home on green belt land at honeycrocks farm in salfords , surrey , must be pulled down within 90 days .
mark o'meara , 41 , shot two birdies in three holes from 15th on sunday .   mark o'meara 's winning putt in 1998 is nos 20-11 .   seve is 18 seve ballesteros , 1983 .
alison saunders claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983 .   one of the nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp waived his right to say the decision ` beggars belief ' and claimed it points to an establishment cover-up .   hamish baillie , 47 , said he was unable to trust adults after being molested by lord janner .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .   it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg .   he then cracks the smaller egg and has a yolk and white inside .
red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed .   larung gar buddhist academy , the world 's largest buddhist settlement , is a haven for over 40,000 monks and nuns .   the settlement is home to 40,000 nuns and monks .
the band were on stage at the time when a group of men tried to force their way into the chilean capital santiago .   three people died after a crush developed outside santiago .   seven people are in their 20s and 30s .
us researchers claim exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher than round numbers .   sellers who end their price with ` 00 ' typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices .   the word ` odd ' is used to represent an unusual number .
luke shaw joined manchester united last summer in # 31.5 million transfer .   shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the red devils .   shaw has made only one appearances since joining from southampton last summer .
mila kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken as a child .   the actress was sued for $ 5,000 by a woman who said she suffered emotional trauma when a kunis stole her pet foul .   karo 's lawsuit 25 years after the ` theft ' has been forced to watch her music video .
leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   sports brand features ` tick ' logo to wearing christian cross .   ban comes after one militant shows popularity of nike among isis fighters .
the tulsa county sheriff 's office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake .   they allege that at least three of 73-year-old robert bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets .   the allegations of corruption published in the tulsa world come after claims the wealthy ceo ` paid to play cop ' , killing 44-year-old eric harris .
shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of tokyo .   he may be the most adorable salesman ever .   he is found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter .
the kits can cost as little as # 5 or even be bought in pound shops .   more people suffering from dental problems are turning to diy dentistry kits .   one of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits sell around 250,000 products a year .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears at suburban new york hospital .   spears who chronicled her son garnett 's illnesses on a personal blog called ` garnett 's journey ' and other social media was convicted by a jury in white plains , new york .   new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty .
atletico madrid beat real madrid champions league first leg at the vicente calderon .   carlo ancelotti 's real madrid coach raphael varane has a diamond .   raphael varane will be sergio ramos and pepe for real madrid .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer to ` deviously ' track down his wife and child at a women 's refuge .   the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions .   costa was unable to contact his wife but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis and the european elvis championships in birmingham .   he even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series called ` the kings of england '   he has set up akickstarter page to help fund ` the european centre for elvis tribute world '   elvis was a one off but all britain is on a uk gallery tour until 2017 and is on show at the cooper in barnsley .   the 50-year-old is from east yorkshire
fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole .   ms gleeson has been living by the mary river station for more than 15 years .   the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
toulon beat leinster third in the champions cup at stade velodrome .   bernard laporte 's holders of the last heineken cup face 14 days ' time .   toulon vs clermont is a hat-trick of the 2013 heineken cup final .
janet and john brennan bought barnholm castle for just # 65,000 in 1997 .   they bought the 15th century fort , reputed to have been used by leader of john knox as a hiding place .   now it is on the market for offers over # 695,000 even .   janet , 60 , and john , 64 , insist project was a ` labour of love '
andrew chan , 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia .   the death penalty has never left the table for chan and sukumaran since they were first convicted in 2005 after a tip off from australian federal police .   the bali nine trials were rejected after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in lingerie giant 's new campaign .   victoria 's secret 's lingerie campaign to promote brand 's dream angels range of underwear .   candice swanepoel macs , don see-through macs and candice swanepoel among guests .
mirco antenucci is one of six players to face charlton with injury .   five of the sextet were signed by banned president massimo cellino .   redfearn was not aware of any problems with the players .   cellino is banned after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy .
april morris of bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 .   months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward , she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's rescue on local news .   morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by two white spots in the fur behind her head .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders .   the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable '   yamkovskaia , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals feature in her collection to make her dolls .   the pet dolls in 2014 .
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed .   weber has said he flies ` at least twice a month . '   weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a lieutenant colonel in the us air force .
a surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not accepted new patients in more than a week .   the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine .   if all the royal baby is due to be born has been closed on april 15 when eight patients were found to be carrying cpe .
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan is forever sports ' may cover star .   the world no 2 says his dedication can be tested by slow players .   he says he will make it to dinner or not .
louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two children , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year .   now to raise $ 100,000 for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family .   the mum-of-two was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder .
the stylish cook , 35 , from peach , lobster , taramasalata , tortilla chips and taramasalata .   her british shorthair would be his ` death row dish ' , tv chef gizzi erskine .   kimchi 's pet cat magazine said : ` she wo n't steal it off our plate if it are not meat '   cat kimchi says he has ` love human food ' and taramasalata .
` the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january .   it claims that the australian armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary '   one meme posted to the page features ` handsome soldier ' photograph with ` you have freedom of speech . stop talking sh*t or we 'll f *** ing rape you c ** t '   the administrator of the page claims those in the armed forces are
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club and will leave the nou camp this summer .   former sevilla full-back has been linked with manchester united and manchester city .   alves has enjoyed seven successful years at barcelona .
abubaker deghayes , 46 , has left his home in brighton in an attempt to rescue his son amer , who travelled to the middle east in january last year .   he has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al-nusra , a group affiliated with al-qaeda .   mr deghayes two younger sons died while fighting in syria .
depressed donna oettinger , 41 , had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 , croydon coroner 's court heard .   she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors .   ms oettinger had starting suffering depression and had a second family .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the town of dereham for the final time .   they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home after 15 years .   they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers .
radamel falcao wanted to come to turin last summer .   the 29-year-old is unlikely to remain at the club after scoring only four goals .   juventus claim they can not afford the colombian .
neil robertson beat wales 's jamie jones in the second round of the world championship .   the 2010 champion beat qualifier matthew selt in a second round .   australia 's neil robertson says it will give him a chance of the game .
the images were taken in jervis bay , the south coast of nsw .   a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 .   photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a ` beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of plankton .
nicola sturgeon uses an article in scottish mail on sunday to claim she can help ` lead the uk '   her party 's manifesto will include pledges in policy areas that do n't even directly affect scotland .   it will be first time snp has set out policies designed for other parts of the uk .   ms sturgeon said : ` it would be a disaster '   the snp leader said : ' i will not use success in this year 's general election .
a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children why it is so important .   as dr murthy visits sesame street , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot .   dr murthy says he is worried about recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization .
real estate agent tony keegan said the deal was too good to pass up .   the house was listed by its former owners with a $ 1 reserve .   the average house-price in auckland is $ 766,912 .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot at halfords autocentre in plymouth last month .   when he went to collect his car he recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30 mph zone .   mr ingram , 50 , of saltash in cornwall , said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage .
syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour , killing some 20 fighters .   video was filmed by a terrorist alliance that includes al-qaeda affiliates al-nusra , who released the video and other groups of islamist militants .   the video appears to be narrated by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria .
jonah willow drew chess match with russian grandmaster four times his age .   jonah beat three other players in nottingham chess congress to face cherniaev .   jonah was third overall for british chess championships in warwick .
jason denayer is set to return to england to spend a season on loan in the english championship .   the belgian defender has been a pfa scotland young player of the year .   ronny deila will be punished for singing an allegedly ` offensive ' song .
xiao ying , 17 , was found in the toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city .   the baby boy was dumped by his mother in a factory toilets before she went back to work .   the father of the girl said they could not keep the baby .   baby 's condition is improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life .
cows are revered as a symbol of life in india 's hindu culture .   he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born .   nandi is a nickname for lord krishna who has been called nandi .
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed .   one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury .   thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration .
steve jobs ' widow laurene has told of her admiration for democratic white house front-runner hillary clinton .   ms jobs called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman and said it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is '   laurene jobs said that hillary clinton has ` judgment and wisdom ' based on her public service .   austin bird is one of america 's laurene jobs .
the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families .   seven-year-old sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby .   sophia created some illustrations to help make her point .
the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain .   scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies .   the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement .
wayne rooney has served under big names for manchester united this season .   rooney and paddy mcnair were inspired to go for a game of golf on wednesday .   van gaal 's side have sixth premier league win over manchester city .
brentford beat fulham at craven cottage on a day for brentford 's 6,000 travelling fans .   stuart dallas equalised on kit symons in his second goal of the game .   ross mccormack 's penalty penalty equalised in the second half .
richard curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum , the thin strip which separates the nostrils .   he was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic .   mr curry 's nose was removed in 2013 after he spotted traces of blood in a tissue .
judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' by the sexual assault but freed josh sweet after serving just two months on remand .   a victim broke into a young teacher 's home and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed has been freed .   joshua sweet , 20 , from birmingham , was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea .
the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen .   they were forced to sit on the ground as a huge crowd gathered to witness the public killings .   three afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the execution .
abou diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season .   the frenchman has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances for gunners .   arsene wenger has said he could offer the frenchman a new contract .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition .   some of the toys have been left to rot in the rome studio and are returned to their owners .   it is known in rome , italy , which was set up 60 year ago by her relatives .
senior tory said nigel farage is ` not my cup of tea '   he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority .   david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ` come home ' to conservatives .   ukip leader nigel farage has said he is ` happy to serve ' with ukip .
launch of first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent .   experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind .   mortgage wars will erupt next week after hsbc announced 1.99 loan rates .
sergeant louise lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her daughter olivia in swansea , south wales , when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway .   onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision .   her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident on march 31 .
the notice has been fixed outside a university building in cambridge .   it warns that bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church .   dr rupert thompson said there were inaccuracies in the greek warning with one word .
princess eugenie has been living in the us for a year now .   the 25-year-old royal , from new york , is living in new york for the year .   princess eugenie is the cousin of princes william and harry .
supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow .   trainers available for the budget price of # 19.99 .   adidas promise to deliver ` your greatest run ever ' on sunday .
novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 in the third round of monte carlo masters .   world number seven david ferrer will face stan wawrinka and rafael nadal .   11th seed jo-wilfried tsonga beat fernando verdasco 6-4 4-6 6-4 .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton 's players on european qualification .   former spurs boss mauricio pochettino has been linked with a move away .   morgan schneiderlin , nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked .
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment .   prosecutors said she was fired from ultimate dental care of riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013 .   one patient suffered an infection from a botched root canal and another patient was left with pain two years on from a procedure .
more than 1,000 twitchers travelled to somerset this weekend after a rare bird was spotted for only the third time in the uk .   the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers .   it is believed the shorebird godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america .
the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and fired some warning charges the size of grenades .   finland has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises .   it comes just months after sweden suspected russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital stockholm .
cambridge-educated sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month .   mr heslop , who separated from his wife last year , has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in kent .   a family member claimed he was ` the happiest he 's ever been ' as he was looking forward to be a father this summer .
royston coates boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures .   he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons .   it is the second such incident to emerge within two days after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online .
eloise parry , known as ella , died after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp .   doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to dnp , which is toxic .   her mother fiona , 51 , has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn .   the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .   the lovers who got the most complaints in new york city for loud sex are a handyman .
lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school , admitted carrying a class b drug on the premises and has now been suspended from teaching .   she initially denied the drugs were hers they had been planted on her , but later changed her story .   gwent police said miss heath had been suspended .
sir nick faldo admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' during monday 's practice round at augusta national .   mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine .   world no 1 will win a fifth major and career grand slam this week .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred .   first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash .   stauffer says there 's evidence the vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn , then went off the road and hit an embankment near a barn .
didier drogba was part of a front three for chelsea 's first half .   jose mourinho 's side are now a fourth premier league title for the club .   eden hazard and diego costa have both goals in the game .
danny lennon will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday .   the former st mirren boss took charge of the scotland under 21 side for a 2-1 win against hungary last month .   paddy connolly has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge until the summer of 2016 .
temperatures reach 3,000 °c and winds are in excess of 620mph -lrb- 1,000 km/h -rrb- .   the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals .   the research was carried out by scientists from the universities of geneva and bern in switzerland .
new york police commissioner bill bratton thanked four swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week .   a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media .   officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace on the same day al-qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak .   two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes despite a week of saudi-led air strikes .   batarfi is among al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula .
the bird was introduced to the uk in the 19th century and is most common in central and south eastern england .   it was photographed from just six metres away by 48-year-old dean mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter , known as a hide , in beaconsfield , buckinghamshire .   the birds are small owls , a species which typically tall .
isis jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment .   when the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group 's activities , the men were brutally murdered .   jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni fighters in iraq 's anbar province .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother .   he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on tuesday .
sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 .   graeme souness , thierry henry and ed chamberlain on sky 's super sunday coverage of the premier league .   francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ` fit for the future ' - with the station .
the labour leader prompted claims he was worried about party 's ` union paymasters '   david cameron , nick clegg and nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all .   but no message from mr miliband .   but labour leader ed miliband said it was not ` ipse ' offer .
sharon winters , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , met kevin hawke on dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a knife attack .   the father-of-seven said : ` she was a lonely heart just wanting love '   mr robinson told how his sister suffered more than 90 injuries after hawke stabbed in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife .   hawke had drunk 15 pints and a bottle of vodka over the day .
mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text .   now pupils will have to cram studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place by the school .   the mistake is believed to have occurred when a teacher changed a text on a spreadsheet .
in an advert posted on gumtree , ` martin ' has been put up for rent for # 400 a month .   the ceiling leaks onto the bed in peckham , south-east london .   the location is excellent , modern and generous bedroom .
the small fort was discovered on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire .   it would have been one of a number that lined the east coast of scotland .   archaeologists believe the stronghold may have been cut off from the land at high tide .
sydney 's dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the harbour city , a record growth and the strongest increase since april in 2009 .   it comes after the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 % in february .   sydney 's north west city sold for $ 1.8 million on the weekend .
hannah wilson 's body was found in rural brown county , about 10 miles from the campus , on friday morning after a night out .   daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death .   circumstances of her disappearance are ` eerily similar ' to the case of 20-year-old spierer .
thomas hoey jr. , 43 , was sentenced to 12.5 years prison wednesday after refusing to help , kimberly calo , 41 , who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol .   castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ` integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties ' of hoey , who ran a banana importing business on long island he died from his father and grandfather .   hoey had used his supplies of cocaine to ` social and sexual favors ' between 2005 and 2010 .
the cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $ 424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america .   it included a 10 1/2 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .   the u.s. navy and coast guard and royal canadian navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine .
theo walcott was pictured with calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil .   arsenal 's first team stars have posed for an official portrait for paris ' oldest fashion house .   walcott has spent much of the season on the bench .
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy , khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate '   witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $ 80,000 at a time during illegal raids by threats and physical violence .   walker , 46 , told police that he stole drug money , planted evidence and lied on police paperwork too many times to count .   he told jurors he first stole money as a dog .
nathaniel clyne admits he wants to play champions league football .   southampton defender has been capped four times by england this season .   nathaniel clyne has impressed for southampton this season .
scottish drink-drive law cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg .   effect of drop in sales is so severe it is being blamed for a poor result .   new laws will have greater effect on bars and drinking establishments .
leicester city beat west brom 2-1 at the hawthorns on saturday .   jamie vardy scored an late winner against west brom .   nigel pearson said his side 's survival is back in their own form .
the sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as flour .   the view from the sea plane is breathtakingly .   and the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon for years .
jack grealish scored aston villa against liverpool on sunday at wembley .   arsene wenger changed the attitude completely .   jack grealish has been the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide .
more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time .   figures also show 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a&e .   nhs england figures show 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours .
stacey eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing brisbane couple hafeez and khalida bhatti on the airport line train on wednesday .   her recording of the incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on thursday morning .   ms eden said she stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a train .
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew .   with the duchess of cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country .   harry is on a month-long placement with the army after a week long official tour of new zealand .
deva joseph , 14 , was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain .   she offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold .   but she is too young to have one .
thierry henry said coquelin was his man of the match in arsenal 's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor .   coquelin joined arsenal in 2008 as a teenager .   arsenal 's eighth straight premier league victory with a 1-0 victory over burnley .
an alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an alabama park in early april .   pooch mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water .   the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials .
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle united into a ` boring ' club because he only wants to make money .   mike ashley accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money .   ashley 's running of the club were a sixth straight loss in the premier league .
kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .   sanchez was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester .   prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 , and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 .
chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner ' as west indies fell to 155 for four in response to devon smith in his 100th test appearance in antigua .   jimmy anderson , two daughters and agent and four wickets to overtake the sir ian botham 's record of 383 test wickets .   england 's premier bowler jimmy anderson is his country 's all-time leading wicket taker .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away .   the couple recently purchased a mansion in beverly hills for # 8.4 million .   married for 15 years , the couple are on the most celebrated in the philippines .
tom sturridge stars in the west end play american buffalo .   he is set to release a film with ryan gosling , rooney mara and natalie portman in the new film weightless .   sienna and tom have been dating since 2011 .
diane morris , 46 , claims her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex .   ms morris also said the two are ` crazy for each other ' and that he 's been married three times before .   ms morris has brushed off claims that she trusts him ` completely ' despite their engagement .
the company says it expects the new ` artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches .   the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin , which mcdonald 's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning .   mcdonald 's says it plans to purge artificial colors , flavors and preservatives from its food by 2016 .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 .   the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier .   he was shot in back while jogging in oklahoma appeared in court on thursday .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .   bolton coroner 's court said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '   torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend '   jacques was found in a hotel room above the pub in bolton last year .   coroner said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may .
simon mignolet has backed divock origi to be a success at anfield .   the 19-year-old was loaned back to lille for this season .   mignolet was voted the second most player in a poll by france football .
university of illinois scientists created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk .   it shows what happens when two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life .   as they come closer , the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic , while the jets firing out from the ` poles ' of each object merge into one .
dr vicky jolliffe , a former president of the trichological society at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss .   the study found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements .   after six months , the hairs had increased in an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group .
the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube of his popping a cyst , a pair of pliers and a screwdriver .   jason 's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver .   the man says : ` we have the pliers , going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst . '
the sutherland shire council is exploring the possibility of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach .   cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area .   on average travellers spend $ 700 on eating out and shopping during a stay .
polish authorities said they would ban entry to wolves en route to commemorations of world war ii a ` provocation '   the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland .   poland is critical of russian actions in ukraine .   russian bikers were held in a hangar by polish officials .
the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out .   firefighters battled a major fire in holborn - just 500 metres from the site .   former head of scotland yard 's flying squad has said the raid could be linked .
petr cech posted a video playing the drums to ` magnificent ' by u2 .   the czech republic international is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer .   cech has won three league titles , four fa cups and the champions league .
prime minister says labour 's threat to the economy ` excites ' millions of people .   he said he would campaign on ` more jobs and more homes '   tory figures are already planning to make boris johnson the next leader .   he said : ` if you want political excitement , go to greece '   cameron 's comments come amid claims senior tory figures will .
gareth bale could miss out on real madrid 's game with rayo vallecano .   castilla players martin odegaard and alfonso herrero called up for the session .   real madrid face their second la liga game in four days .
scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain .   neanderthals may have used animal paunches and folded bark to make bags their good in , according to dr sabrina krief , a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris .   neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks .
amelia-jane harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school and called ` fatty bum bum '   she developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six .   but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs -lrb- 121lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits .   she says her new ` dream body ' means she is in constant pain and can not eat .
poppy moore , 23 , wed her childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office with only 12 loved ones .   the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a picture of her father dean , who died in 2011 aged 43 .   poppy was only 51 when he lost his battle with bowel cancer .
xavi made his champions league appearance against psg on tuesday night .   the former spain international played for 148th time in the competition .   xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the champions league .
the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the bermagui to tathra road in the bega valley .   officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him .   he was then taken away in a police van .   police are investigating whether the body is that of missing canberra woman daniella d'addario , 35 .
clare verrall , 31 , was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday evening near her home in melbourne , when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins .   he attacked her and she was left with a black eye , broken nose and broken toe from the altercation .   during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled .
steven gerrard signed a new liverpool contract on thursday .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .   henderson is expected to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club .
manchester united miss out on europe 's premier competition for first time in 19 years .   cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique have made the semi-finals in their former club 's competition from the competition .   patrice evra is on loan from manchester united .
little matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in their home town of barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz .   matilda , now 21 months old , won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital .   matilda was chosen to play to julie , who in the tv show died from putrid throat .
patrick bamford named the championship player of the year at the football league awards .   the middlesbrough striker received the award at the gala ceremony in london .   mk dons teenager dele alli picked up the sir tom finney award .
ed miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ` inner voice '   consultants drafted in by labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ` leadership skills ' using ` neuroscience ' and ` business psychology '   services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' and tutorials on its website .   snp leader nicola sturgeon has constantly lagged behind prime minister david cameron in the personal rating polls .   it says : ` the politics of authenticity
ibrahim ahmad strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school .   ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity .   the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives .
researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin , and the mysterious fairy circles in namibia .   while the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random , the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells .   found in namibia , they are known how they form .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ` like a job , a profession , ' raiding houses in affluent west london , herfordshire and surrey .   over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash worth # 1million .   sayed juied , 32 , was jailed for six years each .
le femme , in new jersey , offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine .   the school was created by ` lady ellen ' lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels .   other services include a complete male-to-female makeover .
bizarre biography of their ` charismatic ' supreme leader mullah omar .   taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently .   taliban propaganda release praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year .
mark ward faville was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 .   faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse .   faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound .
kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force .   royal fans had set up camp on a set of benches .   margaret tyler , 71 , was only member of public to attend every day of inquest .
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen .   the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight .   they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads .
manchester united are third in the premier league on 62 points .   young senior played 70 minutes in 3-1 win over aston villa on sunday .   the england international 's brother lewis is a winger in the crawley side .
rafael nadal was dumped out of barcelona open by italian fabio fognini .   nadal had won in three sets to move into the quarter-finals of the barcelona open .   the world no 4 has been given a ninth career title by pablo andujar .
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite .   tribunal ruled he had been employed to teach its courses .   employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union .   mr reuby has received more than # 13million from unite since 2010 .
abigail ahern says her new style bible is a ` virtuosic talent of colour '   colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse .   designer 's top ten tips to colour confidence .   if you do n't wait on colour .
marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour .   her husband paul was forced out of the post into another job .   legal experts said it could be followed by similar claims as digital documents .
chris lane was on a baseball scholarship with oklahoma 's east central university .   he was riding in a ford focus with two teenage friends when he allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past .   chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder .
cui hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the canadian woman .   police have ruled the tragedy an accident , but they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death .   the victim 's husband said his wife was knocked over as the tourist ran down steps on a steep section of the wall on wednesday .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , wrote that she came up with the idea of the parody posts .   she complained about the ` long grueling hours ' of more than nine months was ` unacceptable '   she wished she had read the reviews before she was on yelp .   she said there were reviews with their baby children .
campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks .   sussex police accused of ` victim-blaming ' in campaign which urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers .   poster won praise from supporters who said it was not blaming women .
terrifying incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel .   six passengers on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames on board .   six people escaped without injury .
carol lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window in durban , south africa .   so far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago .   south african police were called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to johannesburg .
esteban cambiasso has signed a one-year deal with leicester last summer .   the former real madrid midfielder is linked with delhi dynamos .   leicester boss nigel pearson wants cambiasso to stay in the premier league .
small businesses and restaurants will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $ 50 an hour as a casual .   some young workers earn up to $ 50 on public holidays will not be able to earn money this weekend .   campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows .
jake shaw , 21 , died after falling from the upper floor of the scout centre in the swiss alps where he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor .   he was airlifted to hospital in bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later .   lincoln coroner 's court heard jake had been celebrating the swiss national day with friends with drinking games called ` power hour ' and ring of fire .
gary ballance believes pietersen is now ` running out of time '   former ashes hero will be 35 on june 27 .   ballance , ian bell and joe root all have the bat in the summer .   ballance and root 's shut door on return for kevin piertersen .
manchester city , chelsea , real madrid , paris st germain and bayern munich are among sterling 's offers of up to # 50million expected to be made .   juventus have made an offer for belgium midfielder paul pogba .   italian champions want at least # 55m for pogba and palermo 's paulo dybala .
morgan geyser , 12 , has been remanded on $ 500,000 for attempted murder charges .   geyser 's attorney , anthony cotton , applied to have her $ 500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders .   she was arraigned for the attempted murder of payton leutner , who survived 19 stab wounds in waukesha in may 2014 .
13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks as a driver of poor pupil behaviour '   move comes as doctors warned last week that drinks can trigger heart problems in healthy teenagers .   teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity swanswell .   some children drink ` hyperactivity ' and an ` inevitable crash ' , union said .
ac milan crowned european champions in champions league final .   andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty for juventus .   juve are back among the continent 's goalless .
workmen have been seen on kingston road in stockton .   programme follows lives of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion .   local people claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area .
the iconic tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital .   the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 , and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-Élysées .   nearly 100 submissions have been created .
ukip leader said his party is now the ` serious challenger ' to labour in northern seats .   mr farage called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help ukip beat labour in its target seats .   mr farage accused labour 's shadow business secretary .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy .   new breed jiu-jitsu is now closed .   there have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year .
barnet was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ` mutual consent '   adams departs with two games to go and after 3-0 defeat against oxford side are one point behind cheltenham and two behind hartlepool .   former fa chief executive mark palios .   barnet beat bristol rovers to win promotion to the last game .
iranian officials said two of its citizens were abused by saudi airport officials .   the announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers , over saudi-led airstrikes in yemen .   sunni saudi arabia has led the bombing campaign against yemeni shiite rebels .
atletico madrid have conceded just 29 times for la liga games .   antoine griezmann scored two goals for atletico madrid on tuesday .   fernando torres took over to the spanish champions .
one in four britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 .   campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs .   baby boom among ethnic minorities will see numbers rocket by the middle of the century .
jamie oliver 's company has said that influential vloggers should try and ensure adverts for unhealthy foods do n't appear next to their posts .   internet star zoella , real name zoe elizabeth sugg , posted a video entitled ` stuff your mouth ' with thatcherjoe .   oliver 's own company says it has a deal with youtube .
a 42-year-old man paralyzed in a utah neighborhood watch shooting and found guilty of repeatedly having sex with a 17-year-old girl .   two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old , serbeck was shot and left paralyzed by the teenage victim 's angry father , reggie campos in july 2009 by reginald campos .   serbeck 's attorney says serbeck 's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship .
the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks less than in 2011 .   for a woman aged 85 , the expected span was six years and a half months less .   life expectancy for english women is among the worst in western europe .
cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother .   the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack .   cheng said he was too ` chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
carla zampatti 's ss15-16 collection at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion .   the collection is said to be a celebratory collection at the opera house .   the brand 's light show ` opera coat ' comes in the show .
prince abdul malik and dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah married in brunei 's capital , bandar seri begawan .   lavish display of wealth is most opulent wedding of all time , but couple are n't first too say i do at a ceremony .   over last 20 years , prince william 's wedding wed bride dayangku raabi'atul .
jamie anderson has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ` magic ' of the classic show .   thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world .   the son of gerry anderson , the brains behind the original thunderbirds .
manchester city are fourth in the table with 64 points from 33 games .   kevin de bruyne is a prime transfer target for manchester city .   alex sandro , a brazilian left-back , is wanted by paris st germain and bayern have an interest in algeria winger brahimi , 25 .
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities .   the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors .   but mexican food fans should have the delivery fees for postmates at $ 5 and up .
ed balls refused to match tories ' election pledge to increase nhs spending by # 8billion a year .   shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments '   david cameron pledged to give nhs whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find money .   labour 's manifesto launch in manchester said party could be trusted to give health service .
ibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china .   they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice .   a number of australians are currently facing narcotics-related charges in china .   queensland men sam komba , 20 , and foday kamara , 29 , both face one charge of conspiring to import a controlled substance .
shannon carter , 21 , has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking amelia gledhill , 20 , with the shoe after a row broke out on a night out in bradford .   ms gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight .   she has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone .
lucy southern , who worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by britannia hotels in leeds , was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager .   nkoroi began touching her , slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck .   he later stroked her in a private area with a pen .
wladimir klitschko has confirmed tyson fury will be his next opponent .   the ibf , wba and wbo king will defend his belts at madison square garden .   klitschko was awarded a unanimous victory over jennings by judges .
wolves are seven points behind boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference .   aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side 's win this season .   middlesbrough boss eddie howe says his side are not at the top of the table .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones .   the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .   the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .
ralph vaughan williams 's work topped the classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes .   it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation 's favourite desert island discs tune .   music from final fantasy series also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon .   the 30-year-old gave birth to a healthy baby boy named james hunter the next day .   sarah confirmed to e! that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth .
uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors .   during the game , russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare .   players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee .
donald allen , 66 , pointed a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett , 25 .   then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun .   the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost .
brendon mccullum said cook was the closest thing to don bradman .   cook 's former team-mate graeme swann says he has n't scored a ton since .   cook 's bradman jinx .
self-styled ` angry leftie revolutionary and magician ' gareth shoulder , from liverpool , has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its ` generation 2015 election youth panel '   mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy , used his ` @bbcgen2015 ' twitter page to make the disparaging remark .   shoulder , 24 , called chancellor osborne a ` briefcase w **** r '   bbc says it ` hand-picked ' its 200-strong generation
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded .   anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend .   anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed in 1991 's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition .
mats hummels sat out dortmund 's 3-2 defeat of hoffenheim in the german cup on tuesday night .   the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets but insists he has yet to make a decision .   united are reportedly willing to offer dortmund up to # 30million to sign hummels .
marcus copeland , 44 , splashed out almost # 1million to complete the six eco house .   he admitted two counts of fraud by lying to abbey national .   he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than # 800,000 .
british company swan sold its first iron in 1933 .   has just released a steam generator iron for # 279.99 .   swan 's luxury model could be one for her .
eight players - one each from bournemouth , norwich , watford , middlesbrough , derby , brentford and ipswich .   it is the top of the championship with five games to go .   three clubs will be played in the top flight next season .
keith wolfe smarch had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me .   he is the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 .   it is twice the size of britain , with sparkling snow-crusted peaks and emerald lakes .
kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports .   the photographer and mother-of-two has turned a collection of images of girls cooling off in front of a fan for her photo series strong .   ms parker said the girls and their friends are ` ok ' to be a girl .
afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us .   federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , from edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information .   khan has been placed on the fbi 's most wanted list .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the champions league on saturday .   ander herrera and juan mata have been in impressive form .   juan mata scored his second goal for louis van gaal 's side .
swansea city host west ham united in the premier league on saturday .   crystal palace host newcastle united at 12.45 pm on sunday .   arsenal vs stoke city host stoke on sunday .
ellia beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret her decision after the band 's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser .   ian watkins , 37 , was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences .   ellia had the line ` scream your heart out ' written across her belly from the song .
cristiano ronaldo only needed 288 games to score 300 goals for real madrid .   cristiano ronaldo was presented with a shit with ' 300 goals ' on the back by real madrid club president florentino perez on friday .   french striker karim benzema will miss real madrid 's clash against malaga on saturday with a knee injury .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary .   the director and producer , who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle , has already signed on cast members including john c. mcginley and lauren potter , who has down syndrome .   amanda has raised nearly $ 25,000 since starting the campaign in march .
manor driver will compete in the opening two formula one events of the year in australia and malaysia .   stevens and roberto merhi missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue .   stevens is set to compete in a grand prix weekend with manor .
tony mccoy won his 4,000 th winner at wetherby in 2013 .   he has won 4,000 th race in the all-time list of successful jockeys .   richard johnson won his 20 straight jump jockey titles .
ava gardner called 34 ennismore gardens her ` little london retreat '   spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room .   the apartment is a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 .   now refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment provides renters .
poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology so the matter can be settled .   comey said last week , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary .   comey 's comments are offensive to a u.s. ally by using language to suggest that poles were accomplices in the holocaust .
the young thai boy was captured on the bank of a lake in thailand .   the young boy has a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod .   but at the end of the water , the boy is most likely a nile tilapia .
jon stewart has revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news .   stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore .   stewart also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent .
the disused rhondda tunnel was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks .   engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route .   it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world .
ian harris , 51 , from brighton , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster monster .   he sent off for the licence in 2008 and he was turned down once by government agency .   he hopes to emulate niko alm from austria who won legal right to wear headgear in his licence photo in 2011 .
the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels .   european winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , and hit smaller vineyards .   under current eu regulations , producers of alcoholic drinks must reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label .
terrorist group al qaida seized control of major airport , sea port and oil terminal in southern yemen .   it came amid shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a saudi-led air campaign .   al qaida fighters clashed with members of one of yemen 's largest brigades outside mukalla .
david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived , yet other jewish sect leaders from time do appear .   he claims that he is a fictional character invented by followers of christianity to create a figure to worship .   claims that jesus of nazareth did not exist .
the sailors were stationed at the west australian port of hmas stirling off the coast of rockingham , south of perth .   their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths .   five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the australian navy on hmas stirling .
neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family for food or in bizarre funeral rituals .   similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .   the discovery of fossil remains of animals , humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for neanderthals .
carlos tevez has scored six champions league goals this season .   the italian side are hoping to beat monaco on tuesday in their champions league quarter-final .   juve are already on course for the serie a title .
the game , which dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .   on saturday , thousands of men and women took part with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers .   two-up is allowed on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs and pubs .
williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper hit by a rocket-propelled grenade .   williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he was booted from the top job in tv news .   an internal investigation has reportedly found williams 's reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .
brad guzen is set to lose out again for the fa cup final at wembley .   villa goalkeeper lost out to given for the liverpool clash on saturday .   guzan was said to be playing at wembley in the semi-final .
prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday .   if convicted , holmes could be sentenced to death .   twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in aurora , colorado for a midnight showing of the dark knight .   holmes ' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity .
javier hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final between the madrid neighbours .   atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men at the bernabeu .   arda turan is sent off by atletico madrid .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds .   his son then went about filming the moment of discovery .   but footage shows that the prank turned out to be disastrous .
zara set off nine days and 517 miles ago .   rolled the barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire .   pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along .
england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head .   vunipola left the no 8 free to face clermont auvergne in saturday 's champions cup semi-final .   saracens are the last remaining english club in the competition .
daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday .   the holland international believes manchester united need to focus on the end of this season .   city captain vincent kompany was not sent off for a reckless challenge on blind .
health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf .   mark bellis is honorary professor of public health at bangor university .   he wants to talk at a conference in las vegas this week about history of binge drinking .
st catherine 's island , and home to the historic tower and gun rooms , can currently only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide .   this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby , pembrokeshire , for the first time .   developer peter prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers .
the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including ` dont say secretive ' , ` do n't say ambitious '   the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician .   the posters are said to have appeared in brooklyn on saturday night near her campaign 's new headquarters in the borough .   a hashtag on twitter began trending called #whyimnotvotingforhillary .
barcelona are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain .   luis suarez , neymar and messi have a special relationship .   gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo are in madrid ahead of wednesday night 's match .
jose mourinho rowed on the touchline in october 's 2-0 win for chelsea .   arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho .   arsenal are 10 points behind chelsea at the emirates stadium .
more than 100,000 people on the pacific northwest are in the path of a deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan .   94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states .   also in danger are 486 businesses with a ` significant customer presence '   90 per cent of the 20,000 people who live in the two communities most at-risk , aberdeen and hoquiam in washington , could reach safety by just walking at 2.2 mph .
chelsea lead the table by six points with a game in hand .   eden hazard will start for chelsea against stoke on saturday .   jose mourinho has said he does n't care where chelsea win the premier league .
a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall and with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer .   the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk .   two out of the three models of apple watches are available to pre-order from today .
13-year-old stephanie decided that long-distance phone calls were n't enough .   she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the international space station .   her father is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth when he is floating in space .
david alaba was ruled out for around seven weeks with a knee ligament .   he was playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia on tuesday .   bayern munich are top of the bundesliga with eight games .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song .   in the research 98 volunteers were played the ` catchy tunes ' play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5 .   the study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms .
the song ca n't be identified and does n't fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of whale living in the antarctic .   there are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers because they spend very little time on the water 's surface .   experts are sure the noise is n't made by arnoux 's beaked whales or cuvier whale .
judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year 's race or related events .   the same jury convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes .   it will take place on the patriots day holiday in massachusetts .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league on wednesday .   javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute .   real defender raphael varane filmed the footage of the supporters .
the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach .   when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke '   this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona .   it can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker .
isis militants besieging a palestinian refugee camp in syria 's capital .   the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online .   the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy .
chase lacasse , 19 , was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt .   the teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police and often posed dressed up as an officer .   the jacket he wore to the stand on wednesday allegedly included police patches .
shaun worthington 's car was filmed on a truck 's veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm - the same time the fatal text was sent .   the 29-year-old died when his car collided with a truck on november 19 last year .   an inquest at hull coroner 's court heard how he had bought a new phone .
robin weld of sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in the face of the state 's historic drought .   clean water comes in through the faucet , is used to wash hands and flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush .   it replaces the tradition lid to her toilet tank with a small hand sink .
model chrissy teigen posted picture of her stretch marks in instagram post .   singer pink hit back at critics who fat her for an outfit she wore to charity event alongside her husband carey hart .   chrissy , 29 , posted the picture , with one of ` real women ' have stretch marks .
in a new documentary , margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism .   professor edith hall from king 's college london said lesbos was ` lesbian ' in turkey than athens .   the greek island of lesbos was one of its kind of sexual allure of the women .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child .   she recorded managers at the global investment firm ` without their knowledge '   she has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses - bryan mix .   nicholas pappas is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination .
the footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon .   the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch .   the teacher 's face has not thought to cover his groin area and is seen writhing on impact .
paul ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his ankle bracelet .   his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .   on friday , ceglia cut off his electronic ankle bracelet last month and fled his wife , two children and dog are also missing from their home .
a two-year-old girl from gardena , california , was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash .   her girl was found injured outside of jim 's burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster .   the little girl had scratches on her legs and was afraid of going toward the male police officers .
manchester city beat west ham 4-2 at the etihad stadium .   james collins and sergio aguero 's premier league strike of the season .   joe hart 6 was an own goal for the england goalkeeper .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend .   the decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 .   prince william and kate middleton 's wedding is the most marital ceremony of the 21st century .
rappers quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody .   all of the band members have been denied bond .   they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when ' a very potent smell ' of marijuana was detected .
gary neville , phil neville , nicky butt and ryan giggs co-own the club at the salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday .   gary neville and paul scholes , ryan giggs and phil neville among the automatic promotion .   salford win six on the bounce and are five points clear of darlington .
trevor brooks , an associate of islamist firebrand choudary , was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk .   brooks , 39 , was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence .   a home office letter says brooks is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun .
villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .   christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho .   tom cleverley insists tim sherwood 's style and insists for the final .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at high craigton farm .   about 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's mother and father marian and john , attended a memorial at glasgow sheriff court today .   miss buckley was found dead on a farm north of glasgow after going missing from a nightclub .
gopro director nick woodman , 39 , is set to be named america 's highest-paid ceo of 2014 .   the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year .   it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index .
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a ` f *** ing old c ** t '   pardew was warned about his behaviour by the fa and wrote to pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him .   on monday at selhurst park , pardew has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer jeremy snape , now a sports psychologist .   crystal palace boss pardew believes he is to manage one of england 's top clubs .
olivia phillips , 30 , a journalist at emirates woman , sent his spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino .   barbie doll inspired dresses to aqua 's hit , i 'm a barbie girl .   barbie will be our style this season .
arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week .   arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 .   wenger said the selection process he uses to pick his arsenal team .
some police officers will have the word ` police ' written upside down on their uniforms .   three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return the garment .   chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp does not expect any reaction from his players or the fans .   he will be leaving the club in the summer .   klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years .
the humanoid , known as ham , has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in hong kong this week .   the head is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios .   using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way .
originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year .   now it is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million .   yacht is said to be one of only three remains in the world today .
perfume entrepreneur jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses as the ` only people ' who can keep the economy secure .   ms malone claimed a labour government would ` jeopardise ' the economic recovery .   ms malone said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant estee lauder in 2006 .
hamza parvez , 22 , has been living with a group of unmarried fighters .   known as abu hamza al-britani , the fighter recently moved back to the islamic state in syria , in search of love and is living in belgium , finland and australia .   hamza 's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .
jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith kehlet , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone .   the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a campsite about 30km south of sandstone in remote bushland .   police are searching on a search area of 10 square kilometres .
mailonline ran a story on april fools ' day prior to arsenal 's clash with liverpool at the emirates .   both pre-match teamtalks by captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world .   arsenal manager arsene wenger fields questions from the media at thursday 's press conference .
anil saxena uses photoshop to create pictures of his pictures by hand .   he uses his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` if the image is a success '   he believes colour grading is paramount .   the photographer says the real work is just perfect .
qatar 's constellation group have spent # 11.6 billion trophy assets in the uk .   they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated # 740 million .   last week the oil-rich country became the first sponsor of royal ascot .
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind .   erakat said he wanted to ` flip the script '   the man says he does n't need erakat 's money to the homeless man in a suit and on his cell phone offered you money .   the actor is the entertainer yousef man .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in ningbo city in china .   her neighbour and property manager yang shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son .   ms xie 's three-year-old son pushed her down lift shaft to her death .
chanel says ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , freelance model chanel details her skincare method .   in the episode of mtv 's true life , she is a model in california .   she says she will stop her modelling career in its tracks .
the toddler was killed after her father struck her with a pickup truck when he did n't see that she was in the driveway .   the father , 24 , and other family members say that they did not know the toddler , who later died at university medical hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway .   the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
celtic blamed last summer 's pre-season programme of games in the united states , austria , for a 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw .   ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league travel schedule .   the celtic boss has not ruled out with # 16million on offer .
the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world .   they will start to ship on april 24 .   popular models will be able to preorder their watch online .
the body of kyle knox , from london , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 .   the mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region .   when he set off on the climb kyle was wearing dark waterproof trousers , walking boots and a jacket .
physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain .   it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age .   exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat , a reduced risk of heart disease , better memory and thinking , and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes .
jonathan trott was caught at first slip just three balls in .   trott last played a test for the first time in 17 months .   but his first innings on his return to test cricket was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in november 2013 .
burton secured promotion to sky bet league one after lucas akins scored both goals in 2-1 win at morecambe .   jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side are up as , third-placed wycombe - who have played a return to league one .   shrewsbury are a win against portsmouth 1-0 after gareth ainsworth 's men were held 0-0 at afc wimbledon .
lord stevens is to be investigated over disputed allegations of a cover-up over the stephen lawrence murder probe in the nineties .   lord stevens was deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 .   watchdog probe stems from a complaint from stephen 's father neville lawrence .
jeff williams will move to the recreation ground for next season .   the 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit .   williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012 .
rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player .   farrend rawson wore the rotherham shirt four times .   rotherham were on 44 points but are now just one point above relegation zone .
primatologists at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli , sénégal , and found female chimps are more likely to use the tools to help them hunt for food while males tend to prefer capturing prey with their hands .   female chimp has stripped a stick of leaves and uses it to flush out a bush baby from a hollow tree trunk .   chimps use twigs , leaves and rocks in nine different ways to feed , drink , clean themselves , reach other objects and to fashion weapons .
experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries .   daniel craig 's character has just had knee surgery in a stunt for the bond movie .   bond is hit in the chest by a shell laced with radioactive uranium .
the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games .   former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan .   the couple met in perth in 2011 , and the happy couple are now back in perth .
robin barton was rescued by santa ana police officer michael buelna after he was abandoned as an infant .   he had heard the sound of a ` very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster .   barton was just four hours old and his mother abandoned him behind a dumpster .
one nation leader pauline hanson said the protests on saturday were about ` criticism , not racism '   on sunday morning she was asked for her views on businesses ` going to the wall ' if halal certification of food products was scrapped .   ms hanson said an investigation was needed into halal certification in australia .   she said that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue .
pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' #putyourdressout ' which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott .   the post has been removed and apologised for the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott .   the post was a ` sad week for our great country.i .
` meal deal ' could save up to # 1,300 a year if we get lunch at home .   food website food52 's ` not sad desk lunch ' series .   recipes show how to make lunches from easy-to-assemble options .
spain 's queen letizia of spain was held at madrid casino .   the 42-year-old also unveiled a new bob hair cut .   her low cut cocktail dress was set of muscles on show .
dr joe hanson revealed that a ` human molecule ' might contain 375 million atoms of carbon .   by comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum .   each set of letters represent a chemical element and the numbers are the proporation of atoms in each ` molecule ' dr hanson claims his formula .
inter milan manager roberto mancini insists xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are ` completely made up '   the switzerland international joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of # 12million , signing a four-and-a-half year contract .   mancini insists shaqiri can have a big future in italy .   shaqiri has been dropped to the bench by roberto mancini .
the 37-year-old , from byron bay in new south wales , created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature .   the product retails at # 99 in the uk .   designer kazzie mahina says the merfin can also help to tone abs and thighs .
chris froome was involved in a crash in the final 12 kilometres but was able to get back on his bike and finish .   spain 's alejandro valverde will be fine to take part in the tour de romandie next week .   chris froome finished back in 123rd after a fall .
santiago vergini has made 35 appearances to date this season .   the 26-year-old returned to the stadium of light on loan from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year .   the 26-year-old is keen to extend his stay at sunderland .
manchester city host manchester city in the premier league on sunday .   sergio aguero has scored 100 goals in 158 games this season .   manuel pellegrini has signed a new five-year deal with david de gea .
jason cotterill , 42 , threatened to post a sex video of her on facebook .   he said her life became a living ` hell ' when cotterill was jailed last week .   he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter .
a package intercepted in tulsa county contained an easter bunny stuffed with $ 30,000 worth of meth .   it was sniffed out by a police dog in oklahoma , and the intended recipient carolyn ross has been arrested by police .   police say they found two condoms filled with the drugs .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace where she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster .   she had recently left her position as director of capital programmes at the royal collection trust .   she was the fifth cyclist killed on london 's road this year .
saba syed syed and husband sheikh amari have been married for 12 years .   saba says more women have very good taste in cars .   standard supercar can cost around # 250,000 .
robbie savage posted the photo on twitter saying : '12 weeks . 12st 12 .   the match of the day pundit took part in the bbc 's strictly come dancing with ola jordan .
robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv .   john timmons , 29 , and amanda murphy , 24 , were killed instantly in the crash on december 7 , 2013 .   dellinger pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus ' death .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by police earlier this week .   now 34 , a very gaunt xie said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily .   he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world .
adelaide crows captain taylor ` tex ' walker was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday .   but just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers , the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium .   tex cahill was captured by photographers .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body .   his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . mahendra can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet .
tiger woods claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place .   the four-time masters champion won the ninth hole at the masters on sunday .   spieth led from start to finish at augusta .
the brawl broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens , new york .   hundreds of patrons clashed during the long wait for alcohol .   three men were charged with disorderly conduct .   marcus stewart , 30 , was issued two summonses for disorderly conduct .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
manchester city are expected to lodge raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad .   raheem sterling would cost in region of # 50million but could buy out the final year of his contract .   southampton striker jay rodriguez has not played this season .
fabian delph set up christian benteke 's equaliser in the fa cup final .   tim sherwood 's charges will return to wembley to face arsenal in next month .   delph says it will be ` captain ' to walk out as captain .
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory .   the 66ft deep route was being built next to the tijuana checkpoint , was wired with lights and ventilation .   but officials believe if it had been left it would have surfaced just inside u.s. territory .
stuart lancaster and warren gatland set to face england in the world cup pool match .   tomas francis could also pledge his international allegiance .   dave ewers and alex corbisiero are also interested in northampton saints .
real madrid and atletico will miss the second leg at the bernabeu .   marcelo and mario suarez were booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon .   suarez has blasted the performance of referee milorad mazic after being booked on tuesday night .
brian the lar gibbon was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland .   he captured the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park near keswick .   it was viewed over nine million times .
supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for jury duty in rockville , maryland on wednesday .   the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives .   roberts said he did n't think this disqualified him from the case .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa young player of the year .   thibaut courtois and david de gea and philippe coutinho complete the list of players - all aged 23 or under at the start of this season .   last year 's winner eden hazard has scored 19 league goals this season .
julie ronayne was left ` looking like michelin man ' following the hysterectomy in 2008 .   her husband edward was awarded # 9,000 in compensation after he claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife 's appearance .   the test case could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
jessica edgeington , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping '   divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition .   it is the second death at the skydiving center this year , after navy seal william marston died after landing heavily in january .   the crash is under investigation .
cressida bonas has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador .   it features miss bonas , the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary-gaye curzon and entrepreneur jeffrey bonas .   the shoot is a short film last month for the fashion house .
the martingale betting strategy of doubling up originated in france and is used with success by punters on anzac day throughout australia .   the traditional game of two coins now play with three for ease of betting .   it is now legal to be played on anzac and pubs .
melvin the giraffe had got his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked by an antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo in southern norway .   around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at dyreparken kristiansand on monday .   zoo vets rushed to the scene , but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe , who died in front of families .
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook .   in the voicemail , kandrick said : ` hey , billy , kyle at maaco here '   rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the auto body for ` the last two months ' while trying to repair a leak on her hummer h2 .   she said the voicemail was in response to a review review she had on facebook .
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer .   the champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form .   his sayings from the hundreds of test and one day cricket matches .
stewart regan insists dave king is a ` fit and proper ' person to be chairman of rangers .   the south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the ibrox boardroom .   king has delayed the process of himself as chairman until he can persuade his professional game board that 41 convictions under south african tax law are not a breach of sfa regulations .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down and only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   another man said he dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding ' another came from reveller in basildon , essex , who called to say she was locked out of the house .   east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs .
snp leader says she would ` paralyse ' the uk economy with her demand for another referendum on scottish independence .   lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if snp chose to ` constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want '   the snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead .   she set out her ` triple lock ' for a second referendum .
barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin will spearhead the ufc 's new drug testing programme .   jeff novitzky tested positive for drostanolone metabolites and androstane .   anderson silva , nick diaz and hector bonds are tainted by allegations of ped use .
luxury spa and hotel has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool .   pennyhill park has 45,000 sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , a two michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools .   daniel craig , nicole kidman , michael douglas , lewis hamilton and russell crowe have all appeared at the venue .
more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america , are the subjects of a new independent documentary .   the gang members , who are aged 14 to 22 , are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence .   the film is also named check how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at .
everardo custodio , 22 , grabbed his own firearm and shot custodio multiple times in the legs and lower back .   prosecutors say the driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in logan square .   the driver - a man , was taken to a hospital for treatment .
roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , on queensland 's sunshine coast .   ms walsh found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching .   ms walsh , from palm beach has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple on sunday .
female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world , including in syria , pakistan and north korea .   one image shows fighters from the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo .   the images include a shot of us army soldier ssg norma gonzales of 426 civil affairs battalion waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in kandahar , southern afghanistan .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday .   louis van gaal 's side face manchester city at old trafford on saturday .   ander herrera scored twice as united ended up 43rd minute strike .
married adeli , 32 , arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself .   asylum seeker jafar adeli was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court after he admitted attempting to meet a girl under 16 after grooming her online .   adeli had been arrested at a bus station in leicester .
celebrity fan ricky hatton wants ` the old city back ' to manchester city .   rock-god city lover noel gallagher says there is ` apathy ' to be one of europe .   city have nine points in the premier league form table .
tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight .   the robots are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece .   the avert system are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene .
a lesbian couple in north carolina documented how they created their new family , the moms , melanie and vanessa iris roy , decided to each carry a child one year apart .   they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter .   in january 2014 vanessa was pregnant with jax as the couple 's first born plays at their feet on the beach .
manchester united lost seven of 19 league games at old trafford .   louis van gaal 's side have won more league points since last season .   united have won 3-0 at home to liverpool and manchester city .
the dog caused a fire after managing to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats .   the heat from one of the hob 's rings set fire to a child 's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance .   more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames .
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways .   in an open letter to kidman , the president of the association of professional flight attendants , laura glading , wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the australian oscar winner 's role as a united nations women 's goodwill ambassador .   etihad has rejected the allegation .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 in london .   welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby .   gavin had been due to face south african chris van heerden in birmingham on may 9 .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , has been suffering from songs being stuck in his head for weeks at a time in a condition that may be linked to his service .   he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in their head for years .   he said that the hallucinations occur in those in hearing loss when the brain compensates for a lack of stimulation by making its own sounds .
roger federer spent less than one hour on court in monte carlo .   federer defeated jeremy chardy in his monte carlo opener 6-2 , 6-1 .   he has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training .
maria sharapova joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki and angelique kerber .   the ladies were dressed for pictures at the clay court tournament in stuttgart .   world no 1 serena williams was not ready for the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony .
naomi jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   in 2008 , she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .   miss jacobs told bbc it was when she was about to sit her gcses .
players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with australian rugby will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas .   drew mitchell and matt giteau of toulon are now eligible for australia after the aru passed a new rule .   flyhalf quade cooper was on signing for toulon and two other wallabies backs , israel folau and kurtley beale , have yet to commit to the aru beyond the end of the season .
samantha fleming was asleep in the indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6 .   authorities say the woman , geraldine r. jones , never worked for the child-welfare agency and that her visit to fleming 's apartment in anderson , about 30 miles north of indianapolis , was part of an elaborate scheme to take the 17-day-old baby and claim the girl as her own after faking a pregnancy .   the body had been doused with bleach , put in a garbage bag .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united .   radamel falcao expected to return to monaco .   psg owner nasser al-khelaifi said the french champions were to hold on to the 28-year-old .
the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in barrington is opulent and private .   it took five years to build the house , with two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens .   it is listed at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 .
the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel , founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment schreibvogel used to record his independently produced television show .   at least one of michael jackson 's alligators died at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma .   only one alligator escaped the blaze .
the ibrox board launched a probe into claims mike ashley 's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property .   they are satisfied the position from the security attached to the loan from sports direct accepted by the former regime in january .   newcastle owner mike ashley is a divisive figure north and south of the border .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly .   the young rider from kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics .   bayne later identified the owner of the foal as florida-based meg miranda .
bahar mustafa , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , were invited to discuss ` diversifying the curriculum '   but they were shocked when an organiser told white people and men ` not to come ' as it was only open to bme black and minority ethnic women .   non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider male or female .   the ban on men and white students ' union has been accused of sexism .
roxy de la rosa posted pictures of dozing alex elenes on reddit .   the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour .   he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area .   parents have been accused of not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted whooping cough .   immunisation rates in queensland have dropped across most age groups there since 2010 .
brendan rodgers has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ` flattered ' about his contract .   the young england star is not ready to sign an anfield exit .   raheem sterling , 20 , has moved a tv interview with arsenal on saturday .
paul mason wanted the surgery done for free but failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off .   at his largest , the former postman would eat quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner , curries or pizza and more chips .   the brit , from ipswich , suffolk , managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 .
raheem sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide .   sterling , 20 , and ibe , 19 , spotted arriving at melwood on wednesday just seconds after sterling .   jordon ibe was driving a black range rover while sterling arrived in a white version of the same model .
95.9 rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties .   in 2012 , 71.4 percent of women ages 20 to 24 , 75.2 percent were childless last year , researchers found .   for women 20 to 29 years old were childless in 2014 - a jump from 60.6 percent in 2012 .
the conservatives ' economic strategy also won a international endorsement .   employment rose above 31million in the three months to february .   david cameron said conservatives had created more jobs in last five years .
harington , who plays the character jon snow , poked fun at belfast and tourism bosses when he appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the hbo series ' return to tv screens .   game of thrones star kit harington told host seth myers that belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' and said he has spent five years filming in the city .   the 28-year-old londoner joked to host belfast myers , harington that he is wonderful .
lawyers for michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson .   brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , darren wilson , in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 .   wilson resigned in november .
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay .   the man , of no fixed address , faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning .   police said the man was a ` disgruntled ' former employee of the restaurant who allegedly entered a restaurant storeroom armed with a knife .
we live in the most expensive country in the world .   australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us .   the united states remains the world 's cheapest developed country .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday .   the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students .   the film grossed a total of $ 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of iraqis .
it has deployed the massive aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other vessels to waters off the country to keep an eye on the shipment .   the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen 's fight off iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis .   pentagon spokesman refused to say whether the flotilla - armed with f18 fighter jets would intercept the fleet if it neared a yemeni port .
the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ` the most left-wing platform since michael foot ' and was ` peddling lies ' about the government 's record .   former conservative leader set out moral case for party 's policies and have two million more into work .   ` labour does n't understand work in a social and health sense , ' he said .
550 fisherman slaves from remote indonesian island led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified .   those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay from bosses .   last week , indonesian authorities rescued around 330 migrants from benjina .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp .   29-year-old insists he is keen to stay in florence .   gomez has scored four league goals this season .
kieran loveridge allegedly had an affair with kieran loveridge .   the 21-year-old is thought to have had an ` improper relationship ' with a female officer .   it was revealed last month she was punched in the head by loveridge .   she was suspended after other staff said they had witness the alleged affair .
property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for great kitchen design .   activity based design .   the kitchens sell houses on the block last week .   dea and darren 's kitchen said it 's no use in a kitchen .
three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern california on sunday .   the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco .   ten friends , including the dead men , rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road .   he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety .   since he did n't tell police his name , warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the picture of the self-less rescue went viral online .
the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125 .   he was near a bank in jalalabad early saturday morning when a bomb was detonated outside a bank .   islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack , president ghani said .
eligah christian , 49 , was being sought on a $ 100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of scheming checks .   he was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief .   he was jailed sunday .
a police officer in toronto , ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people .   560 retweets later and luke arrived at the station to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada .   luke was born in nova scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate was being bullied .
andy murray will marry kim sears at the cromlix house hotel in 2010 .   he has been entrusted with planning the pair 's wedding next week .   miss sears , 27 , will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral next week .
dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving .   dr altmann will today be announced as a new conservative peer .
floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao have released a short promotional video from within the mayweather camp as the build up to the fight of the century on may 2 .   mayweather is down to three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of next month 's $ 300m mega fight .   mayweather was last week out to welterweight limit .
former super middleweight champion nigel benn is back in the ring .   ilford-born benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years .   hatton is a boxing trainer with ricky hatton on his return to the ring .
roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their game .   the banner caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year .   roma will have part of the stadium closed for game against atalanta on april 19 .
senior party sources admit current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' after collapse in support .   nick clegg said party was fighting ` tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats .   party source said campaign 's focus was on between 10 and 15 marginal seats .
hull boss steve bruce admits his side need some ` crazy results '   the tigers head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games .   liverpool , arsenal and manchester united will visit kc stadium .   hull face southampton in the final round of the season .
imam of mosque used by relatives of hassan munshi said muslims must talk to other teenagers who ` might be looking at them and thinking this is the way '   the 17-year-olds from dewsbury , west yorkshire are believed to have fled to war-torn syria after going to turkey on march 31 .   police said the boys from dewsbury were last seen playing snooker at dewsbury snooker centre a week ago .   hassan munshi and talha asmal are thought to be in syria .
balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene competed in ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar stadium , dakar .   the two famous wrestlers lost to the arena for a series of bruising combats .   it is only practised in senegal .
one of the best spells of spring weather is set to peak today with temperatures in england most of the mediterranean .   the mercury is expected to reach 25c -lrb- 66f -rrb- in the south east today .   temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher will remain sunny until next week .
jannik andersen , a student at the coachella valley music and arts festival was struck and killed by a freight train just a few miles away from the event 's california site .   police have launched an investigation into the incident .   it remains unclear why andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival .
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs .   almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone .   walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location .
stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox this season .   the tynecastle believes his side now owe it to their fans in their final chance of the regular season .   rangers won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august .
stephanie scott 's family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ` show their support of our beautiful steph ' for her funeral .   the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5 .   ms scott 's body was found by police in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw .
joshua burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month .   joshua burns claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home .   but the couple call it ` an accident ' , not child abuse .
shanice farier , 22 , helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby .   she spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle '   she was found guilty of stealing # 15,000 from her employer , kanoo travel .   judge ordered farier to 240 hours of unpaid work .
tyson fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion .   klitschko must first face the unbeaten jennings in new york on saturday night .   fury hopes to set up a stadium fight later in the year .
helaman barlow , who was chief of the colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind .   his account comes amid reports jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls .   other accounts say that some of its former leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he did n't act as they wanted .
real estate mogul and michigan billionaire a. alfred taubman died friday night at his home of a heart attack .   taubman donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums .   he was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , president and ceo of taubman centers .   born january 31 , 1942 , in pontiac , michigan , taubman worked as a boy at a department store after school near his family 's home .
amelia morton , 23 , was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ` boys do n't fancy fat girls '   the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university .   amelia was forced to get a part-time job in retail to fund her eating habits .   amelia says the cambridge weight plan taught her how to eat .
rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome .   his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body .   mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jay brittain was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre look so similar at birth he could end up overfeeding them can be fatal for the birds .   so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon '   the first born tawny owl is given orange talons , the second hatched has been painted purple .   staff at farm park have to feed baby mice .
lionel messi kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach with the message : ` waiting for you baby . we love you '   messi took to instagram to post a picture of his pregnant wife on social media .   messi and roccuzzo 's first son thiago was born in 2012 .
lionel messi should be available for barcelona 's la liga game at celta vigo on sunday .   messi , the top scorer in la liga , did not feature in last month 's ` clasico ' against real madrid .   spain international host granada on sunday .
khim hang is thought to be the youngest designer to show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia at just 22 years of age .   the brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his parents ' escape from the khmer rouge .   he is also committed to improving working conditions in cambodia .
juventus beat monaco in champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night .   juventus midfielder arturo vidal scored in the second half with a calf injury .   andrea pirlo scored a penalty for juventus with a penalty .
jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard , 57 .   she told him he had taken away ` every piece of joy ' in her life .   jailed for ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes .
sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season 's europa league final .   rafael benitez 's napoli take on ukraine for the second leg on may 27 .   champions league semi-final draw against sevilla and fiorentina .
the world 's first robotic planet finder is hoped to help in the search for earth-like planets that might support life in other solar systems .   all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun .   the spectrograph planet research is to find planets like earth that may support life .
the large birds were photographed vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan .   a pair of eagles turn up he has taken on more than he can handle .   the animal is seen by japanese businessman sanin alexander .
the 18-year-old student who was filmed biting the head off a live hamster has been expelled from his fraternity , withdrawn from college and submitted for mental assessment .   the footage , allegedly filmed in florida , could see eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges , which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $ 5,000 in fines .   it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned eaves ' actions and expelled him from the fraternity .
didier drogba and john terry had both feet off the ground at one point .   jose mourinho 's goal flew in at an speed of nearly 60 miles per hour .   didier drogba was the star of the show for chelsea .
former big issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs - earning # 500,000 in just three years .   since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out # 15,500 for bowen and has a personal accountant to live in his housing association flat in north london .   bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .   but before the ladder could be used to grab the arm of a woman .   police had failed to convince the woman who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
rory mcilroy was filmed battling with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown .   mcilroy is a manchester united fan .
the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries .   it includes a pink diamond worth # 2.7 million and a pair of diamond earrings with # 670,000 .   the most important piece is the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch .
most aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in europe .   aussies planning to travel abroad between may and august .   seven out of top ten destinations are in europe .
sam bennett was involved in 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic .   the 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in belgium on monday .   bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders .
david de gea was a star at atletico madrid for arda turan .   sergio aguero became thibaut courtois , who has now become jan oblak .   atletico manager diego simeone has won agent of the year .
mikel arteta is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley .   the 33-year-old is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension .   arsenal captain mikel arteta confident it will take just ` five minutes ' to finish a contract extension off .
jordan spieth 's new green jacket after winning the masters at augusta on sunday .   the 21-year-old masters champion jordan spieth is the 79th masters champion .   phil mickelson has been criticised for the winning putt .
dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in arizona .   she will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish to offer ranch guests a striptease from june 8 until june 12 .   canyon ranch health resort is an 150 acre haven in the sonoran desert .
al qaeda hostages dr warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto were killed in a botched drone strike in january .   president obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us .   the cia was seeking to destroy an al qaeda compound in 2013 to reduce the risk of civilian casualties .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , has been charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact .   the married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails .   he has been ordered to have no contact with the victim .
rory mcilory was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday as the one direction singer caddied for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta .   the 21-year-old singer horan shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair went out onto the course .   woods played the par-3 contest for the first time in 11 years .
the first farmers came to europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices .   their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming , which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting .   experts from centre for international research in new york studied neolithic ornaments .
leigh griffiths was caught in the opening 10 minutes of the match at st mirren .   his manager ronnie deila said on a strict diet regime for his players .   scotland star is on the bench for 2-0 win in paisley .
violet pietrok , who lives in portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb .   it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported .   the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes .
a pregnant meteorologist called out the bullies who attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air .   kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes .   the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus .
joe hart is the no 1 for manchester city and england national team .   the lucky prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide shave gel worth # 4.99 .   the pair of nike boots signed by england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart on sunday april .
511 elephant tusks , worth $ 6million -lrb- # 4m -rrb- , were bound for laos .   bust came one week after officials seized four tons of tusks smuggled from congo .   thailand is one of the top destinations for african ivory smuggling in asia .
john terry is the best defender to play in the premier league era .   chelsea captain jose mourinho says john terry 's performance against arsenal was his best under him .   terry was at the centre of chelsea 's 0-0 draw at the emirates on sunday .
britain is on course to be the second fastest growing major economy in the world .   international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2.7 % this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 , beaten only by the united states .   low oil prices expected to bolster steady growth in the uk .
monaco are held in a goalless draw with montpellier at stade louis ii .   monaco is two points behind marseille , six behind lyon and seven behind league leader paris saint-germain .   anthony martial scored a penalty in the second half .
researchers say three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming that has occurred due to man-made emissions .   they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 % of extreme rainfall events .   temperatures across the world averaged 0.8 °c -lrb- 1.4 °f -rrb- above the average for the 20th century .
ricky ricardo chiles , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday around 9am .   damani 's brother , rasheed and also the nephew of chiles iii , was struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident .   since tuesday , police were looking for chiles iii in connection to the killing 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15-year-old rasheed chiles .
successful applicant will have to travel to royal residences for three months of the year .   comes after queen was revealed to have simple tastes in food .   from special k to venison , chocolate cake , venison and scones .
authorities have n't released the name of the teacher at foster high school in richmond or what discipline he faces .   the handout also mentioned sharia law , jihad .   council officials also called for the teacher to be disciplined .
genetic analysis shows hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin .   it was not until 7,800 years ago when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared .   new research on ancient human remains conducted by geneticists at harvard university .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with philipp lahm and xabi alonso .   sammer has warned manager pep guardiola that the club have to ` make plans for the future before it is too late '   sammer , who joined bayern 's win over eintracht frankfurt in july 2012 .   sammer insists bundesliga giants must make plans to cope .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa , syria .   experts say video is first ` real evidence ' that shows jones is involved with the brigade at a ` high level '   jones is believed to have set up home in raqqa with her 10-year-old son .   video has emerged which appears to show mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade .
al roker , natalie morales and willie geist donned long blonde wigs for their cover of sia 's chandelier .   the two teams were judged by tv star and natalie morales .   the duo went head to head with the duo .   savannah and carson took on the role of olivia newton-john , in a leather jacket and sunglasses .
ann price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta .   the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .   price , the popular figure in the community , started the restaurant back in 1971 .
exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life .   people in the us had far smaller collection of bacteria - one of the least industrialised nations on earth .   papua new guineans have driven a boom in allergies and health problems .
mexican artist frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera .   the letters , 25 of which are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15 , were written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949 and saved by jose until his death in 1995 .   ' i do n't know how to write love letters .
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera .   the woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police .   the robbery was confirmed just moments after the woman says she received a notification that an app had been disabled on her ipad .
the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry .   one of the passengers captured the exchange after the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn .   detective cherry is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board .
11 white art deco houses with private beaches at the end of hove promenade .   homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by michael paget baxter .   paul mccartney 's wife heather mills and his wife zoe ball also included .
the chihuahua named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table .   the video maker said the chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon .   the reptile then turns to face the dog .
the woman was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in queens .   she was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising .   new york city police are searching for a man who was caught in a car at 12.30 am saturday .
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by united 's rise up the table .   manchester city boss says louis van gaal has a career as a manager .   city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions .
prince charles is to name a pub in his designer village poundbury after the duchess of cornwall will be built on queen mother square .   the inn , which is on his duchy of cornwall land near dorchester , already has a prince george house .   the pub is expected to open early next year .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 in the premier league on saturday .   frank lampard scored 22 goals for manchester city in the first half .   manuel pellegrini 's side have won seven of their last ten years .
england captain alastair cook is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies .   root and gary ballance run between wickets to work on a hot day in grenada .   west indian rival marlon samuels is out for eight runs .
real madrid failed to activate their first option on javier hernandez as the deadline passed on thursday night .   hernandez , 26 , has impressed in the last two weeks with five goals in madrid 's 4-2 win at celta vigo .   united agreed a deal worth # 15million last summer .
cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the ballon d'or .   the chelsea manager believes that the trophy awarded to the world 's best footballer should be scrapped .   arsene wenger and mourinho have clashed with arsene wenger .
oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february .   the 23-year-old says he is happy at stamford bridge and wo n't be offloaded .   the brazil international has played a seven-point lead in the premier league title race .
twenty-two-year-old rachel jaajaa and aaron tate 's daughter was found at a mcdonald 's in elyria when a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone .   police say rachel jaajaa , 22 , refused to take her daughter because it was the father 's ` turn to have the baby ' they were both charged with child endangering .   jaajaa 's sister is now caring for the baby .
adrian peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings .   the vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster and he was set to earn $ 12.75 million for the upcoming season .   peterson has been indicted in september by a texas grand jury on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child .
oldham athletic have signed ronaldo after being released by liverpool .   the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker ronaldo .   young brown also has a twin brother called rivaldo .
asylum seekers and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver .   legal loophole says people coming to britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked .   asylum seekers are exempt from criminal records checks .
daryl scott donohue , 43 , had tried to hire someone to kill his wife , not once , but twice .   ms donohue was forced into hiding after donohue terrorised her before trying to hire ` various people ' to kill her for money .   after dating for about a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding .
manchester city face chelsea in the premier league on new year .   manuel pellegrini 's side are currently in the top of premier league .   manuel pellegrini has warned his side must be in the race for the title .   click here for more crystal palace news .
olivier giroud believes the premier league is chelsea 's this season but arsenal will contend next season .   arsene wenger has not led arsenal into second since 2005 .   arsenal are 10 points behind chelsea in the title race .
the new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second .   the yankees are not the favorite team in one county in the country .   the toronto blue jays can also claim all of canada .
louis van gaal 's team sit top of the premier league this season .   chelsea , united , liverpool , arsenal and tottenham sit second .   goals from marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday .   her mother jan jones bought the bottle for granddaughter abi 's 18th birthday .   but they found it contained a clear liquid that smelt of bleach .
arthur townsend , 92 , supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates ' court .   he poured the product over a van owned by a female friend 's son .   townsend carried out the attack after being angry with mr carter .
the mercedes racer leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season .   he features on the front cover of the may edition of the new issue .   in an interview , released on thursday april 2 .
robert ewing , 60 , was said to have had an ` inappropriate sexual interest '   he is accused of murdering schoolgirl , from blackpool , lancashire , between august 23 and august .   paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their home .   ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year .
emergency workers surrounded the delta air lines plane at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after flight 2522 touched down .   passengers were kept on the plane for about 45 minutes .   the plane was taken out of service for an inspection .
sir alf ramsey promoted phillips from his role as under-23 team doctor just before the '66 world cup as seniors doctor alan bass had run out of holiday and could not join up with the squad .   phillips was a former director at middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in redcar .   phillips was england 's team doctor for the jules rimet trophy four years later in mexico and left the fa in 1974 .
foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety .   jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion .   leicester manager nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool .
80 current and former leaders appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .   some schools are more likely to be ranked ` outstanding ' by ofsted .   but they say labour would reimpose ` a proper local authority framework for all schools '   schools on letter include torquay boys ' grammar school .
charlotte li , 26 , from london decided to design healthy selfie with husband joe .   she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy '   charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape .   she also launched the app .
sophia adams , 21 , has just become the new face of ` plus-bust ' lingerie brand .   the trainee police officer will travel to curvy kate 's spring/summer 2016 catalogue .   the 21-year-old has scored a modelling contract with plus-size agency .
the screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development .   researchers claim there were able to detect the early stages of stomach cancer and also to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease .   researchers say the system is accurate , cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures .
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx .   police say spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda .   spruill , who was also naked , allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest .
horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round .   photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide .   rspca inspectors were called to the house after they received numerous calls from residents living nearby in lawrence weston , bristol , who were worried about the animals .
the first episode of chaos caught on camera airs on the science channel at 10pm on monday , april 13 , and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama .   a battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the mjejane reserve in south africa will be seen on the show .   an illinois man had his camera on hand as a f4 tornado .
carly booth took to instagram to show off her bikini body .   the 22-year-old is in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine .   booth became the youngest-ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah , says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from denver , colorado had landed on sunday , and had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane .   hurst , who was carrying a skateboard , put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene .   the man , who has still not been named by police , was charged with assault and public intoxication .
tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham this weekend .   sherwood has seven goals in five games for emmanuel adebayor last season .   the villa boss was in charge of aston villa for years .
mitya the baby bear was found abandoned outside a circus in february .   he is one of many cubs rescued by special groups across russia .   mitya zoo in vladivostok also believed to have been orphaned .
ukip leader said that he was ` jealous ' of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street .   mr cameron , 48 , has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful .   mr farage said he had shaken mr cameron 's hand and ` complimented him on his appearance ' in 2011 .
quinton fortune claims neymar was a shadow of his former self during barcelona 's 1-0 win over celta vigo .   the brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for barcelona .   barcelona have four points clear of title rivals real madrid .
the u.s. supreme court 's arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than two years of litigation and a majority is in the air .   justice anthony kennedy , the member on gay rights , has been in his most recent gay rights decision for the court .   as an endorsement of it , lower court bans .   down their same-sex marriage .
brits spend # 815m a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe .   the research into the rise of the ` insta-wardrobe ' revealed nearly one third buy new clothes to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit .   men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender , spending an average of # 61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety .
mcdonald 's announced wednesday that it will raise wages for full - and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate .   it expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour .   mcdonald 's usa owns about 10 percent of the more than 14,300 mcdonald 's restaurants across the country .
boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty .   the bomber 's uncle , said-hussein tsarnaev , said they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s.   martin richard was killed in the bombings .   one of two bombs exploded .
richard harpin has given the tories # 375,000 since 2008 .   revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over links to donors .   firm was handed record # 30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics .
peggy siegal said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ` sent around the world '   the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years .   the details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the wikileaks website after hackers stole them from sony pictures .   wikileaks founder julian assange said the company wanted to ` strongly condemn
pat senior , 66 , spends more than # 28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home .   she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills .   another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets .
at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year .   more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy .   data comes nine months after commander sarah west , the first woman to captain a royal navy warship .
researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .   angela kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .
samantha and david cameron 's home is the prime minister 's kitchen .   william hanson is said to be ` posh ' mary berry .   she says it is a ` cafetiere ' , and britain 's more points .
a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass .   a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely .   it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy .
daniel sturridge challenged to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift .   the reds frontman sat down with band member louis tomlinson in march .   the former chelsea striker was n't a fan of pop group one direction .
cctv shows a man casually approach a white range rover parked outside a house in woodford green , north london .   just seconds later , he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window .   one in three car thefts in london are now appealing for information .
sheriff mbye , who died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside a kfc restaurant .   today an 18-year-old from the birmingham area was arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder .   police were called to bristol road south in birmingham just before 5pm on friday to reports of a stabbing outside a restaurant .
web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities .   at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district .   luxury homes are on offer in london , paris , new york and los angeles .
sarah watson , 34 , falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo .   she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of the unknown white powder on the glass table .   the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and rojo was ordered to pay her # 25,000 legal costs .
eddie howe is one of the best players in the premier league .   bournemouth 's matt ritchie is a ` 10 to watch ' for next season .   gary lineker says eddie is ` the english special one ' but he is dynamite .
yaya toure will leave manchester city this summer this summer .   the ivorian has been linked with a move to the belgian second division .   toure 's time at city is one of the best players in the premier league .
kayla mooney , of danbury , connecticut , was arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student during her first year of teaching at danbury high school .   the boy involved with mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year .   she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february .
jamestown is the capital of the south atlantic island of saint helena .   it was a key stopping place for the east india company and other vessels .   it played a role in both slavery and its abolition .
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the masters on wednesday .   camilo villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest .   streelman found couch via the make-a-wish foundation and invited him to be his caddie in the curtain-raiser .
two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on easter sunday .   inspectors discovered evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area .   owner michael alan flegg pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences .
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , were held over alleged ` ill treatment ' of their child .   couple were questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .   blanca fell to her death from their # 7.5 million apartment in hong kong .
lewis hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track , and three in succession .   ferrari 's sebastian vettel will start third with nine tenths of a second on hamilton .   hamilton 's pole position for the shanghai international circuit continues to take his tally to 41 overall in his career .
eddie howe not awarded a ` clear-cut ' penalty in 2-2 draw with sheffield wednesday .   yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored their 16th spot-kick of the campaign .   referee paul tierney awarded the hosts in the 65th minute for a foul on callum wilson .
manchester united are reported to have put in a # 21.5 m bid for dortmund defender mats hummels .   hummels is under contract with dortmund until 2017 .   german world cup winner will leave the club at the end of the season .
wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past .   the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain 's bee population .   reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields -lrb- honey bees in paris .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe .   unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support .   migrant workers on an average wage will pay # 22,600 in tax and national insurance over four years .
christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion .   ` he sent me images of the paintings via whatsapp and we set up a sting operation with the lapd , ' said the founder of art recovery international .   it was discovered in a flat owned by cornelius gurlitt , the son of nazi art dealer hildebrand .
north las vegas police officer aaron patty said the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on monday to the custody of clark county child protective services .   phillips and lachaux have six children together while the teenager is from another relationship .   lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant .
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for the baseball season 's opening day following a 162-game suspension , batting seventh and serving as designated hitter .   rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a florida clinic .   new fans even holding up signs that read ` forgive ' in the crowd .
explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 .   event is ` not set for old geriatrics like me ' , said sir ranulph fiennes .   veteran explorer has raised almost # 1million for marie curie .
a prisoner who shared a ride to jail with freddie gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries .   the unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a van after gray on april 12 , and told investigators that he heard gray ` banging against the walls ' and ` intentionally trying to hurt himself '   the report was leaked to the washington post that the prisoner remains anonymous .   in the documents , he claims he could not see
renee bergeron , 38 , was born with congenital femoral deficiency , which affects her legs , hips , and knees .   apollo was diagnosed with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has a feeding tube in her stomach .   mrs. bergeron has a parenting blog .
jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take his volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness .   the footage of jesse o'brien , from kesgrave , suffolk , has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis .   heidi , a nail technician , said her idea to provide encouragement with ` likes ' on facebook from family and friends .
drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs .   it has ` bullied ' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness .   avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration .
pete bennett says he squandered his prize cash on ketamine and is now homeless .   nine years on the jeremy kyle show he wants to crack hollywood as an actor .   craig phillips was 28 when he appeared on the first series of big brother back in 2000 .
chris smalling was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group .   the manchester united defender presented some members with replica united jerseys .   smalling was a gifted martial artist for manchester united .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate .   the 22-year-old was found unconscious on january 31 in october 2012 .   her father had claimed her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever recover .
the chelsea forward has a capital one cup medal to his name this season .   the 23-year-old also scored in brazil 's 3-1 victory against france in paris .   oscar signed a contract extension up until 2019 with chelsea last year .
smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught on camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner 's cash on march 17 .   pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons .   pair had been filmed using same cards as they stole # 150 from cash machine in coventry .
sampdoria played out 1-1 draw with verona on wednesday night .   sampdoria are chasing europe in serie a this season .   pedro obiang has been linked with a move to the premier league .
pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in front garden in doncaster , south yorkshire .   but they were snatched when couple believe they have caught the culprit on cctv .   couple are now offering a # 1,000 reward to anyone who can return their pets .
supermarket giant has ordered staff to get fit by dancing and running on spot in store .   industry insiders have said initiative is part of move to smarten up tesco stores .   one said slimmer employees can work faster and are less likely to be off sick .
piper and william kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5.15 pm on saturday .   they were travelling with their mother , chantelle boddy , 54 , and elder brother daniel , 12 , when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed , spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road .   glenda suffered a fractured neck while michelle had broken bones .
a group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for ian fleming 's hero .   bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film .   bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell .
a state investigation launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego .   delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need , but they have been asked to prove their legal rights to it .   gov. jerry brown says he has senior water rights .
identical twins marcus and markieff morris , who both play forward for the phoenix suns , are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault .   the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game .   no charges have been filed and no arrests have been made .
neymar scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain at the nou camp .   the brazilian was on hand to embarrass david luiz as the brazilian defender .   rik sharma and dani alves were in the second half .
nico rosberg has claimed that lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him after his post-chinese grand prix outburst .   the british driver won the chinese gp under fire from rosberg .   damon hill was a sign of rosberg 's comments .
at the time of writing the $ 9.95-a-month app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart but now ranks at 92 in the music category and 872 overall .   tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library .   users can pay either $ 9.95 a month for a standard streaming service or $ 19.99 for high quality streaming in the us .
executives at coronation street have reportedly overturned a ban on their cast .   complaints from actors have asked to do voiceover work for television adverts .   katy , who played julie carp on the coronation street , has been voice behind many campaigns including whitbread , lancome , iplayer restart and nestle kit kats .
photographs taken of her vehicle show her sandals resting in the driver 's seat .   she was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle friday night in karachi .   friends and colleagues described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan .
president obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling .   six world powers and iran are still trying to reach a preliminary accord on reining in tehran 's nuclear program .   u.s. secretary of state john kerry and britain 's foreign secretary .
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges .   the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue and invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament .   detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into janner since 1991 .
manny pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in just 10 days have yet to be signed .   tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not .   top rank boss arum is promoter for manny pacquiao and he said the contract has n't yet been signed .
loo version of the iron throne forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror .   the show was presented to self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi and installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in glendale , california .   the show , hosted by actress trisha hershberger , specialises in building one-of-a-kind items for super-fans of comics and games .
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 premier league goals for liverpool last season .   raheem sterling has struggled in front of goal this season .   crystal palace have scored six goals each for aston villa .   diego costa is joint top scorer in premier league with 19 goals in first season .
alastair cook has been in the first test against the west indies .   england head coach peter moores and cook take on grenada national stadium in st georges on monday .   cook will play the shot at lord 's in 2007 .
two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families .   until now , the former first lady has offered only hints of what would drive her if she were to run a second time for the white house .   clinton will argue that voters have a similar choice in 2016 .
suffolk black lamb jean deliver the young lamb near melton mowbray , leicestershire .   he is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him .   ben is seven years old and is believed to be the heaviest lamb ever born in the wild .
the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers .   the man by running his finger along it and the blood parrot cichlid with his fingers .   in the video the fish stays very still as the owner 's hand to stroke it with his finger .
joe root was in grenada for the second match in a row england .   root was on his way to 182 not out in the morning session .   his second highest score of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark .
sam burgess has struggled to make an impact in the back row .   burgess was called into england 's rbs 6 nations squad to step-up his education in the new code .   the former rugby league star is one of eight changes to win in england 's world cup squad .
patrick bamford scored his 15th goal of the season in the fa cup final .   no one has scored more in the last four games .   aitor karanka 's team beat wigan at wembley .
ander herrera joined manchester united in the premier league on saturday .   the spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old .   herrera has impressed at real sociedad and athletic bilbao .
marks and spencer 's first clothes sales rise for four years has been credited to its belinda earl , the former saturday shopgirl parachuted in to turn round .   the married mother-of-two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum before she won the make-or-break style director role at m&s in september 2012 .   sales have also been viewed by celebrity underwear ranges .
jameela jamil spent # 3,000 on all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings .   dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years .   jameela thought she had high levels of mercury .
burton albion 's manager jimmy floyd hasselbaink wants to finish on top .   burton albion players beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday .   scott shearer scored two goals from lucas akins .
aliesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 .   she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack .   aliesha 's routine is made up of exercises on a different part of her body for each day of the week .
over the last year , rob kardashian - brother to kim , kourtney and khloe .   he 's rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with weight gain over recent years .   he now rarely tweets , his instagram contains just one post and he is in a ` dark place '   she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy into one bag with the rest of his body trapped .   the cat 's owner said the incident made her laugh .   he is seen trying to get free .
` taxibots ' could cut same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent .   google is believed to be working on technology for self-driving cabs .   number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent .
tragic incident took place in princess anne , maryland , home monday afternoon .   princess anne police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths .   relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney todd sr , 36 .
rory mcilroy 's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may 28-31 and the world number one .   mcilroy will compete for a prize fund of # 1.8 million , an increase of 25 per cent from last year .   mcilroy , donald , kaymer , darren clarke , padraig harrington , graeme mcdowell , paul lawrie and jose maria olazabal .
mike hand from merseyside became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord .   he has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up work .   the 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen 's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation .
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts .   it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers .   it is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful .
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am .   copeland , a former player for the new york knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday .   copeland 's wife katrine saltara , 28 , was also stabbed after they left popular new york club 1 oak .
fiona ` kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' , she was gone .   her body has been found in the water near to where she is believed to have fallen .   authorities launched sea , land and air searches with more than seven hours on wednesday .
liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .   gerrard is set to feature for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday .   liverpool captain martin skrtel believes liverpool can fill gerrard 's .
hay castle was built in the late 12th century by norman lord william de braose .   hay castle is infested with deathwatch beetles in timber frames .   # 5 million battle plan launched to repel insect attackers .   hay castle trust has received # 500,000 from independent sources .
lance corporal riki hughes has been jailed for 16 months .   he claimed to be making rent payments to the club 's landlord .   hughes , 31 , spent the money on a stag trip to las vegas .
francis coquelin claims he wants to follow in the centre of arsenal legend patrick vieira .   the frenchman has been captain during arsenal 's midfield laden squad .   arsenal midfielder francis coquelin hopes to take his loan at arsenal .
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy .   dr thomas arnold credited with transforming rugby school 's values to build pupils ' characters .   pupils attend chapel at the independent school where team sport 's own set of rules .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the richest fight next friday .   up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into vegas this fight week .   the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas is not profit .
ricky dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked of children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video .   scotland yard investigated the ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner , who attacked them and fed them drugs .   police are now hunting for ella draper and abraham christie , who may have fled abroad .
pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since 2012 .   the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns .   real madrid face juventus in the champions league semi-final .
british children 's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' controversial bone broth recipe in his book ` bubba yum - the paleo way '   as an expert on children 's nutrition from babies , karmel believes bone broth instead of breast milk or formula is dangerous and ill advised .   karmel says pete evan 's kids cook book is all about a well-rounded diet approach .   karmel , 51 , says the paleo health experts recommend that babies need milk .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen .   when she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up .   the mystery was discovered on facebook sales site .
melbourne-based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria , over the easter long weekend .   mr czerniecki has contacted the local council and parks victoria .   mr czerniecki claims the kangaroo should have been able to escape the dogs .
kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and other old favorites could be back on tv screens .   filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank , california .   new muppets tv content has n't been since since muppets tonight ended in 1998 .
national secretary of the transport workers ' union has condemned the requested change to the fair work act and accused aldi of trying to gain the right to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week .   aldi 's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed and ` strip workers of their rights '   aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more .   38 hours in a workplace relations commission .
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for josh hamilton to play in texas .   hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february after they celebrated ten years together .   the 33-year-old outfielder has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4 .
thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and eden hazard marked the start of the thai new year .   the blues foursome took part in the thai activity with a game of kick-ups at their cobham training ground base .   brown scored twice as chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 on monday .
john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side .   the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center , after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal .   after the wedding they set off on a honeymoon road trip last week .
corinthian colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses .   the closures include heald college campuses in california , hawaii and oregon , as well as everest and wyotech schools .   corinthian ceo jack massimino blamed regulators for his company 's failure to sell its schools up to $ 1.75 billion between 2007 and 2011 .
ken doherty trails mark davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at ponds in sheffield .   peter ebdon and steve davis lost in the second round .   graeme dott is a former world champion .
new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all '   the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar .   the dog has been viewed more than half a million times online .   the dog belonged to the bike shop 's owner .
scots guard shaun smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on his victim 's head .   his fellow soldier jason collins , 22 , rained blows with his fists on to the man 's body .   smith was described as an ` angel ' in court by his officer .
called the modular robotic vehicle , it was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets .   on earth , it also has some tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph .   google and apple are developing self driving vehicles .
james hook has won 77 test caps since the last world cup in 2011 .   the gloucester fly-half says it will be ' a bonus ' in friday night 's european challenge cup final against edinburgh on friday .   wales head coach warren gatland will hope for his services .
the minimum wage currently stands at # 6.50 an hour , rising to # 6.70 in october .   labour 's ed miliband said he would help low earners by raising the level above # 8 an hour by october 2019 .   both labour and lib dems on low pay for a ` tax free minimum wage ' .
young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday .   danny and amy tarkanian said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement .   the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke .   jerry , who is the grandson of the college basketball coach jerry tarkanian , was given a ct scan because the ` left side of his body is not moving '
courageous veterans are given france 's highest honour for their role on d-day in a ceremony at yorkshire air museum .   two were just teenagers , another was a young sapper , one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare .   aged between 90 and 99 , they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the legion of honour in the months .
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month .   la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons , on facebook .   the same call-center operation company she works at .
everton will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage .   darron gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal .   roberto martinez wants gibson to return to pre-season .
the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , near halifax .   they were given identical but unusual bail conditions could see them live on a naval base for the next few years .   two of the accused , simon radford , 31 , of gosport , hampshire , and his co-accused were ordered to surrender their passports as part of their bail conditions .
qpr manager chris ramsey believes they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games .   tim sherwood believes his appointment at aston villa has improved confidence .   sportsmail looks out of the premier league as just nine points .
cyril smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib dem grandee in the years before he died .   he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys .   mr clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having ` washed his hands ' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into smith .
white house staff all live out in washington and commute in the hours are long .   kate brower is an american journalist to cover the obama white house .   so they can not go home until the president retires .
virginia trimble ritter 's daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 .   marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and ritter 's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos .   charlie , who died in 1989 , wanted their last memory to be of her running in and out of the house .
jessica suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances .   doctors say they are unable to treat jessica until she is six years old .   it is more known among pregnant women .
tim visser wants to end his edinburgh career at the ground he will call home next season .   the final of the european challenge cup will be a semi-final at bt murrayfield .   visser was a key player in edinburgh 's win over london irish .
jack grealish upload message of support from aston villa supporter jack grealish .   aston villa 's aston villa boss tim sherwood took to twitter to thank supporters .   brad guzan and fabian delph among players to fight like lions .
manchester city face manchester united in the premier league on saturday .   stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini needs more time to turn manchester city .   city 's challenge for the title has been in the top four .
chelsea face paris saint-germain in the champions league on july 25 .   the blues will face the new york red bulls at stamford bridge on august 5 .   all four matches mourinho 's side will feature in the premier league .
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show .   she is known as dr pimple popper , who used a comedone extractor to pop one of her patient 's blemishes .   dr lee , from california , can be seen using patients ' extractions on her youtube channel .
washington post reporter jason rezaian detained in iran on july 22 last year .   rezaian 's lawyer leila ahsan said the charges had never been released .   rezaian , who was detained in july 2014 , was charged with espionage and collaborating with ` hostile governments ' , nine months after his arrest .
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend 's english national championships .   adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in .   adams had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division .
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on monday .   marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell still sidelined with hamstring injury .   mile jedinak is ruled out for crystal palace 's gane against manchester city .
` body shaming ' campaign has seen many of posters defaced with feminist slogans .   company 's marketing boss claims firm is ` trying to make nation healthier '   company has received bomb threats but said it had been ` brilliant '   richard staveley , protein world 's head of global marketing , said advert ` a little bit anxiety-inducing '   but presenter richard staveley said : ` it 's not the first advertising billboard in the company '   campaigners say advert ` offensive ' and ` little bit
met office predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast .   winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england .   met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north wales and northern england from derby up to northallerton .
former president mohammed morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 .   but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters during december 5 2012 clashes .   morsi 's muslim brotherhood has been sentenced to death .   in 2012 .   fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced .
ronda blaylock and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after school in rural hall , north carolina .   three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride .   she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned that his facebook photos were being used on a fake account and scam an austrian woman out of $ 4,000 .   when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , he told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter .   the man said he wanted to marry her and move to austria to be with her .
evelin mezei , 12 , was seen on cctv footage with an unknown man on a city street late last night .   she was last seen by her mother in east london , scotland yard said .   but the youngster , who came to the uk six months ago , was traced this morning .
deborah steel , 37 , ran the royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 .   police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry , but the 37-year-old 's body has never been found .   search has full consent of landlord who is not connected with the investigation .
the wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is 390 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs .   but the imprinted rock was once horizontal before being pushed upwards by tectonic activity .   boliva 's cal orcko paleontological site is the angle of the prints could suggest the lumbering reptiles were avid mountaineers .
danny ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league .   manchester united are favourites to sign danny ings this summer .   louis van gaal wants to exploit a premier league loophole in the summer .
darryl dewar hugged his client after a woman claimed he told her she had ` nice t ** s ' with ` lots of kids , multiple fathers '   the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded mr dewar last week and have banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling or further education .   the sydney doctor said he asked her for a massage as he had hurt his neck on the way to her house .   he said he would have only been suspended for three months .
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from vladivostok as they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out .   he was arrested as part of a campaign by activists who spent two years monitoring kislitsyn who would kill as many as a dozen dogs a day .   kislitsyn had to be sent for psychiatric tests but was found fit to stand .
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea .   former manchester united striker cole said he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates ' on saturday .   giggs , neville , scholes , butt and cole all played at old trafford .
the other boldface name in the group is google , which comes in at no. 13 and pays an median of $ 143,000 a year .   its 2,000 employees have a median salary of $ 180,000 now . nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector .
the mgm grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday 's weigh-in and fight on saturday night are all over mgm grand hotel ahead of the contest .   the hotel resort on the las vegas strip will host floyd mayweather 's showdown with manny pacquiao .   the president of mgm grand is hoping to run out of beer this weekend .
sinn fein president gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars '   she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead .   her remains were discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on hill beach in 2003 .   mr adams was arrested by police investigating mrs mcconville 's murder .
margaret and patrick evans say he 's now ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas .   but he 's a more lean machine after his new weight loss programme .   his owners have been promoting back-to-basic diets .
tibetan mastiffs now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses .   wealthy businessmen would give prized mastiffs to officials in anti-corruption crackdown .   it is thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in cities .
the rich kids of instagram travel by private jet sleep in miami , new york , marbella and monaco .   the average package holiday wo n't do for them to be ` haters '   andreas arnhoff from norway has $ 1,000 million private jet on a yacht .   the world 's most famous yacht is a luxury yacht .
jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league .   chelsea midfielder willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from saturday 's win .   chelsea boss jose mourinho won two premier league titles with chelsea .
scott shirley , his wife mayo and husband scott were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world , orlando .   the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet .   the family claim they were forced to sit in vomit aboard a united airlines flight after staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off .
jose mourinho called out by players for being too defensive before cristiano ronaldo at real madrid .   diego torres 's book , ` the special one - the secret world of jose mourinho '   oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january .   mourinho and brazilian team-mate willian during game at stamford bridge .
atletico madrid beat real madrid quarter-final in the champions league .   the world cup-winning star spent a year at vicente calderon last season .   his new team posted a photo of diego simeone 's team on instagram account .
christopher whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son grayden in the backseat and killed his child before turning the gun on melissa ball , 27 , and then himself .   police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated .   ball worked at a pediatrician 's office in dalton .
kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton .   everton manager roberto martinez insists he is key to him in the summer .   martinez backed mirallas at goodison park in january .
malenda meacham has been a tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos on the giant court tv screen .   spectators are then filmed trying to play the imaginary drums but one competitor .   it 's been a celebrity in her own air bongo-playing skills .
quarterback tom brady had shared a video of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation .   but it was n't the cliff jump that got him but michael jordan , who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago .   on his april 1 prank bodycast pic said it was introducing ` selfie shoes ' to cash in on the narcissistic fashion .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in the east london mini cab office .   gulam riaz , 22 , was terrified that mr afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam .   ms riaz had been involved in a relationship with chowdhury and mr riaz .
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april .   but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the television .   the sex scene was screened in front of the appalled couple 's 6-year-old twins .
newport gwent dragons won european challenge cup semi-finals with 25-21 victory over cardiff blues .   scrum-half nic cudd , dorian jones and two prydie conversions scored for the blues .   scrum-half lloyd williams and josh navidi scored for blues .
the rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of ` pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions '   the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer , joint master of the boxing day hunt in dorset .   rspca is reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases .   fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 .
jamyra gallmon , of washington d.c. , has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of david messerschmitt .   police had released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife at 7.45 pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on february 9 .   messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room .
daryl janmaat has likened newcastle to playing in the world cup semi-final .   magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row .   newcastle sit seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games .
jordan henderson scored a penalty at the emirates on saturday .   brendan rodgers ' side have two points off champions league qualification to eight behind .   henderson is set to face manchester united in the fa cup quarter-final replay .
monaco coach leonardo jardim believes juventus are a better team than arsenal .   jardim and wenger fell out at the emirates when the arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of the monaco coach .   monaco coach claimed wenger was ` disrespectul ' in the first leg .
michael fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years .   but now the gardeners are at war with their council after they were moved to new allotments so their old prize-winning plots can be bulldozed to make way for a car park and five-a-side football pitches .   broadway allotment association member says it has bad drainage and poor soil .
tory london mayor warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk .   he likened it to ` asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery '   polls suggest up to half of scots are planning to vote snp .   snp has said it will be entitled to vote against any bit of legislation .
the sea shepherd vessel bob barker followed it 's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel thunder for more than 100 days .   around 35 crew members from the thunder ship were safely rescued off the coast of africa after being held in life rafts .   the captain of thunder radioed us and said their ship was sinking .
ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog after saturday 's episode .   the rspca said it would be contacting britain 's got talent ` to ascertain .   miss wendy 's mouth moved in time with the music but it is believed the dog had a fake jaw .
andrew strauss said the kevin pietersen affair is a ` distraction ' for english cricket .   strauss said on saturday he can see no way back for the man he fell out with .   strauss and pietersen called pietersen ` a complete c *** ' on air last season .
martin tyler has been in the seven goal for 40 years .   liverpool 's stan collymore and pavel srnicek scored for liverpool .   newcastle 's david ginola and faustino asprilla scored the first goal .
police believe samantha fleming , 23 , was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker so that the woman could murder her and claim the child as her own .   fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby on april 5 .   her body was found friday at a house 180 miles in gary .
photographer seth casteel 's new book , underwater babies , reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world , chubby-cheeked , curious and playful .   he created the book to capture images of toddlers at their first swimming lesson .   kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation .
karim benzema scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 la liga win against granada .   cristiano ronaldo has scored five times in a single match for madrid .   the portuguese was the third player to reach the club 's all-time record scorer .
jordan henderson and jack wilshere are on manchester city 's shopping list .   manchester city are interested in raheem sterling and frank lampard .   liverpool 's henderson and arsenal 's wilshere are realistic targets .
st george 's day we should ` celebrate everything it is to be english ' , says david cameron .   fish and chips has now been shaped by migration .   femail reveals how many do we know about fish and fish .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby all handed starts for the club 's under 21s game on tuesday night .   steve gatting 's young gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium in a u21 premier league clash .   serge gnabry is also in the team to play against stoke city .
luke shaw admitted he has struggled to live up to his # 28million price tag since joining manchester united .   shaw claims he had a minor back injury when he was substituted at half-time against arsenal in the fa cup last season .   the 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for united this campaign .
two police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 person rave in sydney 's east .   one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him .   they were forced to use capsicum spray on partygoers after the crowd became violent .
the two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them , says the bva .   animal welfare campaigners said the bva 's support for cage-trapping and shooting was ` regrettable '   it comes after liz truss said ` any future conservative government ' would push ahead with ' a controlled shooting ' of cage-trapping badgers could be effective and humane .   the british veterinary association has vowed to roll out more culls .
aitor karanka 's team are top of a division .   seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play .   patrick bamford signed for watford to play in the english top flight .
cosmin moti was a kick eric cantona during ludogorets clash with cska sofia .   the ludogorets player saved two penalties during ludogorets champions league play-off against steaua bucharest in august .   moti 's kick on a cska sofia player was sent off .
psg were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona at the nou camp .   zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti failed to win the champions league .   leonardo laurent blanc said the club had more time to reach top .
one-eyed police murderer dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital .   the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester , a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell .   he is hoping to be transferred from the category a prison to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside .
lauren crawley , 54 , from hertfordshire was given a new platinum implant .   it was a success , but she had a large but benign brain tumour behind her left ear .   the patient 's facial nerve was damaged .
marvin `` papi '' jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia , florida .   jones , 32 , held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring .   jones believes he was listening to music before the fight on friday and put his phone in his shorts .
eden hazard has been voted the greatest chelsea player of all time in a poll .   hazard is one of the world 's best players at chelsea .   hazard has scored two goals in the premier league this season .
david cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in cheltenham to outline tory plans for inheritance tax .   but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader .   eight-month-old puppy silver banned from close to the prime minister today after he was deemed a security risk .
gaza police have seized the work ` under a court order ' from bilal khaled , who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family .   the now homeless family in the impoverished islamist-run palestinian enclave says they were ` tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector 's item by the world famous street artist .   it is now being held at khan yunis public library .
prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced .   news of the royal delivery will then be posted on the gates of buckingham palace , just like prince george and prince william before him - or her .   clarence house also tweeted the news .
vincent lamouroux named ` projections ' in la 's silver lake neighborhood .   it became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos .   mr lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the motel .
yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe at a recent family gathering .   in the video mr garginian posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across facebook , youtube and instagram .   ms garginian , who moved to australia from armenia in 1977 , filmed the video at his nephew albert 's house .
the fa cup , the oldest knockout football competition in the world , is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a # 30million sponsorship deal .   the deal is believed to be worth at least # 10million a year .   arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition .
cecil hamilton-miller , from kensington , london , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 .   mr hamilton-miller died in 2001 , aged 91 , struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of belsen .   his cousin william miller , 63 , is a key prosecutor of the evil camp guards of bergen-belsen after its liberation in 1945 .
jack grealish impressed against liverpool and is wanted by the republic of ireland and england .   the 19-year-old starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final win at wembley on sunday .   sherwood wants grealish to force his way into the villa first team .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts 700 acres of land and five separate buildings .   it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ` bendor ' grosvenor , the duke of westminster .   the house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state .
for the first time in 88 years the women 's race was staged on the famous tideway course on the same day as the men .   oxford women 's president anastasia chitty won the race from start to finish .   oxford won the boat race on saturday with a half lengths against cambridge .
police were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal .   the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up .   sheriffs were able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing '   with long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   clients must release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner .   the clinic has even had to extend its hours .
linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen . no details or cause of death have been released .   she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister .
evacuation orders lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona .   the fire burned in the prado dam flood control basin as vegetation has not held much water recently .   the area is burning has up to 3 feet of ` duff ' - needles , leaves and other combustible plant debris .
several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets .   phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition .   the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter .
arsene wenger is march 's winner of the premier league manager of the month award .   the manchester united manager was delivered in an easter egg for april 2002 .   wenger 's manager of march was one of 14 to be arsene wenger and arsenal as four premier league wins from four .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business .   ` she thinks it 's embarrassing not only to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple .   chapman has two children with weinstein , wants to find a resolution to the allegations .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account .   the 15-second video shot by director james ` jp ' dayap is expected to earn around # 120million for his upcoming bout against manny pacquiao next month .   rapper yo gotti was a member of the money team brand owned by mayweather .
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , near crawley , west sussex on march 13 .   police have released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death .   the youngster 's family spoke about her ` bubbly ' and said her death had left a ` deep hole ' in their hearts .
zinedine zidane could be named pfa player of the year this weekend .   the real madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for hazard .   eden hazard , david de gea and zinedine zidane are among the targets .
the hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old lions as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of zimbabwe .   at first , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards water .   the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators .
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones .   pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family .   judge also accepted pettingill 's crime spree was an ` spur of the moment ' act .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has stage 4 cancer .   his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care .   broskey , formerly a real estate agent , has taken a job as an uber driver .
the 41-year-old australian woman had a medical emergency on new year 's eve after inhaling an earring into her lungs .   her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag , and she heard a ` coarse ' when she shook it .   an x-ray shows the earring lodged in her right bronchus - the airway leading to the lungs .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the three children were found in a car , a baby was found with severe malnutrition and a sheltered teenager was impregnated by her stepfather .   they have been arrested and face child abuse charges , while lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler 's badly decomposed body was found in the garage .   the man and woman took five of their children on a trip to oakland , california , eight months ago .
the tv host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show have i got news for you later this month .   it is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from top gear after a ` fracas ' with producer oisin tymon , one of the show 's producers over a steak dinner .   clarkson is n't banned from appearing on the bbc .
the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends .   ` if you f *** with me i 'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run . i do n't screw around , ' says the officer .
a new jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door .   ' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer , ` if you want to become president of the united states '   meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ` shut up ' and
tim sherwood has branded aston villa 's stars ` icing on the cake players '   sherwood has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .   vargas will be out for 12 weeks and will miss his side 's seven matches .   qpr will be without striker eduardo vargas .
sylvia freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge .   her videos were filmed on tuesday - show a grotesque , yellow , jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland .   ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the house after their power went out on tuesday .
officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 .   ` he was wearing his bulletproof vest , but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , ' police said .   forsyth was rushed to medical center in critical condition and later died from his injuries .
fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto has admitted that he is still considering whether to join chelsea this summer .   chelsea have made an offer for muto to partner club vitesse arnhem next season but the 22-year-old is keen to join a club .   muto muto has a shot against shonan bellmare during a j-league clash .
joe root is 118 not out on day three of the second test in grenada .   root 's unbeaten 118 came with england win a 74-run lead at the end of day three .   root and gary ballance run between wickets to work on a hot day .
best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder .   wilson 's face was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found that a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its recipes .   mamamia founder mia freedman and wilson are said to have had a long-running feud .
american hayley carney hopes to fulfil a ` lifelong dream ' of becoming a british citizen .   she will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as anne .   ms carney said she has been dreaming of a life in britain since reading books about it as a child .
qpr boss chris ramsey believes sunday 's west london derby is more crucial to his side than it is to chelsea .   the rs could start sunday 's derby just one point off the foot of the table .   ramsey scored in qpr 's 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday .
kim callaghan piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .   her weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .   kim married her husband sean callaghan in 1999 .
alan pardew says bolasie bidding will have to start at # 20m for his star to leave selhurst park .   pardew has warned crystal palace 's leading assets do not want to leave .   the palace manager says a # 10m bid could tempt palace into selling yannick bolasie this summer .
brendan rodgers has urged liverpool to turn wembley back into ` anfield south '   the northern irishman says an fa cup semi-final victory over aston villa would help his players develop a winning mentality .   rodgers wants liverpool to win the form of anfield south .   rodgers says the fa cup is a club to win at liverpool .
tiger woods will play golf 's first major of the year at augusta .   world no 1 rory mcilroy shields from the rain during a practice round at augusta .   henrik stenson of sweden will play in the three-par tournament .
mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury .   he agreed that simon myers could take chips from his plate .   when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh .
ruanne dellal says her husband jack was an ` absurd presentation ' of his wealth .   former beauty queen has launched high court claim against his family .   she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune .
thomas bjorn was shot during the first round of the masters .   american russell henley shot 68 as he made a start to his second masters .   2014 masters champion bubba watson is in the hunt to win the masters .
kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury 's store in coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground .   two council officers came ` sprinting ' to say she committed a criminal offence .   miss copeland was then issued with a # 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year .
rep steve knight was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the department of homeland security .   knight , 48 , was elected to represent the 25th congressional district last year .   knight went on to explain to the activists that he never voted in support of ` amnesty ' for immigrants .
chris appleton has been working as rita ora 's hairstylist for two years .   he confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare does require a amount of work and ` maintenance '   ` we have to color the hair every three weeks , ' he said .   rita 's blonde locks need to be colored per three weeks .
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from brisbane to wandoan .   local council failed to dig a spot where he could place mother 's ashes .   mr gee planned to place his mother , elizabeth hobbs , who died in 1964 .
the bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , italy .   researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago .   scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth .
barcelona are four points clear at the top of the la liga table .   barcelona ace neymar will be keen on pitch as barcelona travel to sevilla .   barcelona face sevilla in the champions league on saturday .
manchester united beat barcelona 1-0 at old trafford on sunday .   louis van gaal 's side beat barcelona at the etihad in the premier league .   sergio aguero scored the opening goal for manchester united in february .
the 21-year-old hit headlines in november after the footage surfaced of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women ! '   but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him .   diaz said he demanded a discount and called her a ` dog '   caldwell was covered in froyo , and said his bowl was extra large .   he said the woman called him a gay slur .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown to sydney to be operated on by neurosurgeon dr charlie teo , the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the operation .   for the past week jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront .   jackson 's girlfriend jahnae jackson had developed a lump three weeks ago .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk '   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   chloe 's mother named only as isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais 90 minutes after she
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves .   the women filled in a notebook each and handed it back to dove .   dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script .
juventus beat empoli 2-0 on saturday night at the top of the serie a table .   carlos tevez scored the only goal of the game with nine games of the season .   carlos tevez added a second in stoppage time as juventus beat napoli 2-0 .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , was taken into custody tuesday on charges of dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide .   the victim was pronounced dead at the scene when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse .   officials say mckinnon was driving east along lake pickett road at dawn on may 18 , 2013 .
stephen a. smith tried to claim that floyd mayweather jr. 's boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history .   espn 's first take anchor stephen smith is under fire for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence .   smith questioned how mayweather is being convicted for domestic violence .
groups from america , australia and the far east are believed to be interested in buying albion after peace announced he would be open to offers in february .   west brom chairman jeremy peace is hoping to sell the club for between # 150million and # 200million .   the baggies are 13th in the premier league .
the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus .   the party was reportedly attended by female students from several sororities .   ` merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night ' had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red .
the sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year .   as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices .   these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale .
the light sculpture was unveiled in the piazza de fidele as part of milan design week .   the company 's design team have launched its very own supercar .   with the first models already shipped to china , the gt will be unrolled across europe next year .
ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on april 3 .   her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account .   but when she spoke with him , he was arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished .
jurgen klopp 's champions league first leg win against bayern munich on wednesday night .   jose mourinho 's side have won the europa league four years ago .   porto are one of three of the last four champions fc porto .
home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit .   when being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent shown properties selling for more than double their original price .   the home is three storeys with garage parking for three cars and was built in 2007 .
dino maglio was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday .   prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill .   maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under-age but admitted he was ` stupid ' to spike her drink .
kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 .   referee kenny bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after the fight of the century in the mgm grand garden arena .   pacquiao 's promoter says bayless is the best referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight .
harry kane scored a goal in an open training session for fans at white hart lane on thursday morning .   christian eriksen , harry kane and eric dier were all impressed for the club .   etienne capoue , nabil bentaleb , soldado , dier , kane and eriksen .
edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office .   after the incident , the 24-year-old said to her : ` oh my god , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day '   moore , from ascot , berkshire , jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years .   to create the maps , more than 6.5 billion measurements were collected between 2009 and 2013 by the lunar reconnaissance orbiter wide angle camera .   the feature is located on the surface of the moon 's near side .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years .   they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b .   we spent # 400 on a 1940s - it cost # 400 from a reclamation yard .
amber anderson , 27 , arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman two years ago has admitted to the relationship and apologized for ` taking the victim 's innocence '   anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during july and august of 2013 .   a former student told police that he and anderson had exchanged sexually explicit text messages and later allegedly had sex at her home .   she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a
eden hazard scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal 's side won the premier league title on saturday .   mata 's first return to stamford bridge since he left chelsea in january last year .   mata was named player of the year two years running .
farryn johnson was fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling .   an arbitrator determined johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination .   johnson has been awarded $ 250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages .
the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr , near bundaberg , on tuesday .   a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg , queensland .   the pair , both from bundaberg , will appear in the bundaberg magistrates court on friday .
nicholas salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , with a machete .   the widow ran a successful cafe , silva 's cafe , in church street .   she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road , edmonton , north london .
brendan rodgers admitted liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to arsenal 4-1 on saturday .   mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored the lead for liverpool at the emirates .   mario balotelli was not in the squad but rodgers struggled to sign him .
the remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western peru .   it is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as chan chan which was the capital of the chimu empire .   the mummy was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig in the city of trujillo .
bae system 's typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines .   it is 49ft long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick '   experts must build the jet on ` floating ' rafts that move in sync with the moon .   typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds .
sarah sparkman , lawyer from arkansas tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized - and was met with a tirade of anger from britt mchenry despite not tagging her in the tweet .   but just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women 's rights campaigner on twitter .   the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 .   investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered .   the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .
some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction .   more people in britain back fracking than are opposed to it , a survey found .   only 24 per cent supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change .
harley street dermatologist dr nick lowe offers all of a professional facial in a swipe .   lauren libbert 's new pads are beauty game-changers and infused .   the fruit acid smell off dead cells , works and brighten skin .
a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor .   he got out a broom to get rid of the hairy beast .   hundreds of babies appear on the floor in hallett cove , south australia .
queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are shorter odds to go down with bookmakers .   pearson has scored two or more goals in a row for the first time since 2000 .   esteban cambiasso will be named leicester 's player of the season .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white and said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket .   his heavily pregnant wife claire had already been in touch and that the couple were ` extremely upset ' about the incident .   aldi can be re-tweeted more than 1,600 times .
seaworld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend .   the trainer 's release of a book criticizing the company 's treatment of animals .   five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman on the other line that she said hit the back of her head .
mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend 's $ 2 million australian derby .   bosson 's agent adian rodley was filmed when his broke into celebrations .   the race expert tweeted that he has no plans of watching the video .
national union of teachers suggested that government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools .   teachers said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules .   they also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects .
the 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital prompted an investigation .   ms hindle 's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies at north manchester general hospital .   mr barnes , who suffers with cerebral palsy , has been left to care for the couple 's three-month-old daughter poppy .
coffee giant starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year .   it was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 .   opened in 1935 by gilmore building the drivers of hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s .
the countess of wessex , 50 , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with dark plumes .   autumn phillips , 36 , wife of the queen 's grandson peter phillips .   lady louise windsor , the countess ' 11-year-old daughter , made up the four royal ladies .
california gov. jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday .   he signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels .   ` we have to pull together and save water in every way we can ' , brown said wednesday .
holders toulon are on top of the pile for the third successive year .   irish teams have won four titles in the last eight of the champions cup .   leinster and northampton are also interested in leinster .
daredevil tourists are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350 ft below their feet .   it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world .   located in the longgang national geological park , the bridge has been named yuanduan .
daniel pena had spent hours planning the way to pop the question to his girlfriend , daniel had erected a series of signs along the road .   a teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal .   the final question mark was hidden in the car .
yeovil town manager paul sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager but yeovil 's 1-1 draw with the club in his first game in charge .   the 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to join league one basement side yeovil on thursday .   garry thompson 's equaliser made the second consecutive time in charge .
the singer , who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the sydney vivid live festival in may , has written a public letter to the australian retailer to stop selling angora wool .   the australian retail giant own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur .   peta australia has been petitioning to stop the use of angora wool .
moises henriques has signed a deal to play in the t20 blast for surrey .   henriques henriques will join after the indian premier league season .   australian all-rounder will be with kumar sangakkara in the second half of the summer .
real madrid beat neighbours atletico this week in the champions league quarter-final .   cristiano ronaldo scored his training shirt for real madrid .   cristiano ronaldo was sent to the touchline after his shot hit a supporter .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home in norfolk .   the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner 's office to determine the cause of death .   the fbi is now involved in the investigation .
amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils .   if it gets too hot , optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone .   studies have found a phone is most efficient when it 's between 0 ° and 35 °c , while the ` extreme allowable ' temperature is 40 °c to 122 °f .
floyd mayweather has a new camera that will win the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .   pacquiao takes a selfie with freddie roach at the mandalay bay hotel .   pacquiao is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the last days .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry suspended for one week .   her car had been towed from parking lot of chinese restaurant in virginia .   network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
the new york post 's page six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of flay having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel , who 's 28 .   but the celebrity chef 's business partner laurence kretchmer moved to dismiss the claims .   flay is a ` singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef 's bar americain in 2008 and became his assistant .
dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld beat countryman van barneveld , 47 , last week to remain undefeated and leave four-time world championship winner .   world no 1 van gerwen beat manchester united stars daley blind and robin van persie 's shirt at old trafford on wednesday .   van gerwen was in dublin last thursday to stay undfeated in premier league darts .
traditional chinese medicine claims all ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world .   it is thought that crocodile meat can treat lung illnesses and improve memory .   the head is used in soups .
spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children 's sight among the young .   chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia - short-sightedness .   in china , four teenagers in five transparent classrooms are tested .   studies in australia and by ohio state university said an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors .
the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline .   professor david spiegelhalter revealed in new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month .   this was compared to four times a year in 1990 and five times in 1990 .
two french tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 .   detectives went to rottnest island on saturday and questioned the two men and seized video evidence of the careless act .   they have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in fremantle magistrates court on april 17 .
indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time '   the arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's republican governor asa rejected its bill at the last minute on wednesday .   gop leaders said they would add anti-discrimination safeguard sto the controversial religious freedom restoration act .   arkansas governor asa hutchinson said he wants the legislature to recall the bill from his desk or .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison for # 1.8 million fraud .   he sent fake email posing as a court clerk manager at ` southwalk crown court '   allowed fraudster to walk out of prison last year , an escape from moore 's fear he would be harmed by inmates .   moore 's escape has been jailed for seven years .
holly nicole solomon admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot .   solomon , who was six months pregnant at the time , pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident .   now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal .
train conductor graham palmer has been giving safety announcements since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour .   he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through .   palmer , 52 , has delighted northern rail passengers with his self-penned poems since christmas last year .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was arrested for allegedly throwing her 16-year-old daughter a drunken party where they played naked twister together .   she had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband james , who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from iraq , her lawyer said .   she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their home .   she had already been drunk when her daughter returned with her friends
robert tomanovich is under fire from unhappy neighbours in livonia , michigan .   he hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his home .   tomanovich , 55 , has denied his actions are racist .
madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen .   she told doctors she believed she was in labour .   she was carrying a 11lbs tumour inside her uterus .   dr sclandan todica , 43 , carried out an operation to remove the tumour .
england no 10 's solo-try was a score for bath in dublin .   george ford scored the only goal of the game in dublin .   bath were beaten by bath in the aviva stadium .
brendan rodgers has said raheem sterling will not be sold this summer .   the england man has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week and could look to force a move away from liverpool .   london will also be an auction for sterling .
muslim women 's rights advocate and critic of islam has championed the u.s. as the best country in the world to live as a woman and as a black person .   ayaan hirsi ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands .   she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists .
trade association ifpi named the year 's top-selling album .   pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single selling 13.9 million copies .   digital formats have caught up with physical sales of music for the first time .
mario draghi yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .   police said the woman was 21 and from hamburg .   miss witt said she was associated with feminist activist group femen .
charles kane was arrested thursday as he tried to meet an underage girl for sex .   he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in an undercover police officer .   kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters .
tesco 's clothing brand f&f is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market .   it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes .   it is available online for just # 80 and can be worn again .
lawrence dallaglio views the poor performance of english clubs in europe as a ` crisis ' for french rugby .   saracens are the nation 's solitary 37-5 in the champions cup over racing metro .   marcelo bosch 's last play of the match against racing metro 92 .
fa chairman dyke must find # 30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs .   england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough .   fairclough 's team also compete in the international challenge .
hound dog ii and lisa marie named after the king of rock ` n ' roll 's daughter can be moved from his estate to a site nearby .   tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets , which are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer .   they have been one of the biggest highlights of graceland for 30 years .
a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   each of the images are similar to videos released of british and american hostages who have also beheaded by militants .   the man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' the series of photos .
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends .   the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists .   children 's book , wanda hazel gág , has collated at her cat in one of the intimate portraits .
bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire .   he joined the team nine years ago after growing ` bored ' to the house .   he has worked there for the last nine years .
rangers face rangers in the last month of championship season .   stuart mccall 's men have two matches to play against hibs and cowdenbeath .   ian murray believes rangers need to beat rangers .
during the paris-roubaix race , sir bradley wiggins ' last for team sky approached a crossing over a train track .   but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through , the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals .   the one-day road race was won by german cyclist john degenkolb .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar .   he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for sharmeena flee the country last december .   mr miah was brought up in a strict muslim household .
robin van persie is out of manchester united 's premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury .   luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem .   chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness .
desperate chicago cubs forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at wrigley field reduced through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day .   the cubs admitted as thousands of 35,000 fans in attendance struggled to get to the bathroom .   the cubs had lost to the st. louis cardinals 3-0 .
a huge concrete arrow is found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , utah .   the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments .   the concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world .
the seals were swimming in lap lanes and were not wearing gear at the time .   one seal died and another was hurt on friday at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia .   the second service member is listed in critical condition .
tim sherwood paid tribute to fabian delph and jack grealish .   aston villa midfielder made a comeback win to book their place in fa cup final .   villa manager brendan rodgers said aston villa team ` bamboozled ' liverpool .
jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on july 8 , 2014 .   she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade , and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed .   she was taken to hospital by her husband , shane , after he heard her fiddling with blades .
nick hewer first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice .   hewer , who was in dictionary corner with susie dent , saved the day with nine letter word ` recondite '   last year hairy biker dave myers offered up the double entendre word ` todgers '   in 1991 , two contestants offered ` w *** ers '   in 2010 an letters u , d , f , c , k and e all of the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game as host nick hewer
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield .   daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area .   linesman caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor .
friends of hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , have been described as ` hardworking , honest and kind ' by members of the local islamic community .   the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon .   stacey eden overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris , who was killed during a botched sting on april 2 .   the 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation .   since the incident there have been allegations bates was not properly trained .
former fbi director louis freeh was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in barnard , vermont .   they say 64-year-old freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it were n't for the quick response from paramedics .   freeh told police he has no memory of the crash , it 's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while going about 60 to 65 mph on vermont 12 on august 25 , 2014 .
builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the region of cappadocia .   the area is famous for its stunning rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts , which have been carved from volcanic ash rock .   the city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of earth .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time .   the third in a series of 12 fights is the second fight of the century .   smokin ' joe was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half tickets .
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago .   it is one of three major biological molecules that are essential for all known forms of life .   the main job of rna is to transfer the genetic code to create proteins from the nucleus to the ribosome .
giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june of 2004 .   actress rebecca romijn was made official march 2005 .   jerry was ` flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago .
rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player .   farrend rawson played 90 minutes in the millers ' 1-0 win against brighton .   rawson accused of fielding farrend rawson on loan from derby .
prank video filmed in moon park , odessa , ukraine .   video shows ` vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers-by .   video went viral on social media .
brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer in northern ireland .   reds manager believes memory of missing out on a first team spot .   reds boss believes sterling and jordon ibe should play .
rick yoes , 57 , spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $ 1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn .   yoes claims the city did n't do enough to warn him about the citations , which officials claim were sent out in the mail .   yoes turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang .   workers had rushed to clear the lake , using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out .   others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake .
wardens at windsor castle will take industrial action for first time in history .   union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 .   staff have voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action .
footage released by chinese traffic police last week in attempt to warn public of the dangerous stunts that could be seen on the roads .   traffic authorities in eastern china said they were shocked when this scene on cctv footage taken at 10am on march 19 .   silver minivan is estimated to weight around one ton .
capel path , ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute , finished third to richard hannon 's desert force in the dubai duty free stakes .   it was the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes .   the queen 's debut in the 7-1 shot .
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner .   the comedian famous for her portrayal of ` girl you had n't started a conversation with at a party ' started off saturday 's fete by saying that ` it feels right to have a woman follow president obama , does n't it '   one of strong 's best jokes at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom '   she said obama 's hair ` is so white
about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months .   for u.s. moms , the typical time between pregnancies is about 2 1/2 years but nearly a third of women space their children too close .   experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy .
tiffany sical , 21 , and bryan rodriguez-solis , 23 , were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , on sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend .   but they were killed when joel norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car .   now , norman , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving to endanger - death .
oil painting measures nine inches by seven - of 16th century renaissance master el greco .   but selling price suggests the untitled , undated and unsigned painting may have been done by artist himself .   auctioneer richard bromell bought it because he believed it was a depiction of saint peter .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street .   william 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the coleman 's front bay windows .   the two families had been ` neighbours at war ' since victim went to confront him .
heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental and physical health .   stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - but do not show symptoms of heart failure .   186 patients were assessed for their levels of gratitude using standard psychological tests .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united out of the fa cup on march 9 .   the teenager has now been given a caution and warned about his behaviour .   welbeck was the subject of a racist tweet after the game by a 15-year-old boy .
laura jordan , 24 , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside two months ago after being left devastated by the news .   she sat by his side for more than a year .   laura and jack got married in torbay hospital chapel just six days after .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom .   she faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy .   rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep .
the handbag clinic has opened on a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea .   customers can even take out ` stain cover ' cover for # 4.95 or 15 handbags for # 19.95 per month .   one customer has # 100,000 worth of bags on the service .
the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge on saturday morning .   they have not been charged with homicide .   it comes as additional human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex on 6th street .
ronny deila 's side went eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the table with a 3-0 away win at dundee united on sunday .   the norway midfielder , 24 , shared the players ' player of the year award with captain scott brown .   stefan johansen has been in impressive form for celtic this season .
fire crews help passengers down from 7.02 am east grinstead to victoria service which was stranded for four hours .   furious passengers were stuck between stations in south london after a power supply problem led to four lines being closed .   firefighters used a ladder to help passengers get to safety after some 1,200 people were stuck on the victoria train a quarter of a mile south of clapham junction .
jourdan dunn was british vogue 's first black model to walk for prada in a decade .   she was scouted at the sunglasses counter of primark in hammersmith , at just 15 .   jourdan said she was severely bullied at school but taunted her .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv in manchester last year .   totton , who survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a suspected assassination attempt , tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke '   totton was walking past st peter 's street when he saw a friend having an argument with door staff so he went over to act as ` peace-maker '   totton has been banned from every pub and club
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was killed by shotgun blasts from a nevada corrections officer trying to break up a fight he was in .   a trainee corrections officer fired off his shotgun four times in a row .   the blasts killed perez and his face .
khadijah dare , from lewisham , has issued a plea for her to return home .   also revealed her daughter had been devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college .   ` she loved church , ' said mrs dare in an interview to be screened tonight as part of a bbc documentary .
mary cartwright was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire .   she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory .   now 91 , the great grandmother tested metal for aircraft engines .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and husband bob , 21 , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion .   katie had a confirmation , attended weekly catholic instruction and remains a committed christian to this day .   steven was circumcised when he was eight days old , and was given religious lessons in an orthodox hebrew school .
restaurants serving domestic cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across asia .   owner told mailonline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up .   at one restaurant , an hour 's drive from the capital hanoi .
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of miliband 's mansion tax plans , at the event also attended by eddie izzard , joey essex and sally lindsay .   the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than # 2 million would hit ` little grannies ' had made her money ` showering in a bikini ' and should be ` proud to make a contribution '   elton said he was ` back with labour '
69 per cent of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression .   antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders .   ssris are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions because they have fewer side effects than most other types of antidepressant .
manchester city beat manchester city 2-1 in the premier league on monday .   crystal palace striker glenn murray fired palace ahead in the first half .   crystal palace are nine points adrift of leaders chelsea .
dermatologist dawn marie davies , from mayo clinic in minnesota , warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection , herpes .   genital herpes is passed on through sex and oral sex .   dermatologist will be given treatment each time they suffer flare up .
british army fired 46 million bullets at a cost of # 200 million in ammunition alone .   each of the 5.56 mm rounds were fired from either the standard sa-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun .   each round cost approximately 50p .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was a metal fence wire .   a ct scan revealed the metal wire had been shot up his left nostril and was lodged in parker 's sinus cavity beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge .   dr haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes .
mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant at cardiff university .   she says cleopatra was the real key to a man 's heart .   perfume and wine gums can make us more attractive .
` goblins ' have been created by gradual erosion of entrada sandstone over millions of years .   the site was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle .   in 1964 it was designated a state park .
the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday .   maria sevilla and her son 's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines .   this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago .   tyrone 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system '
police in shanghai had seized three million condoms - thought to be worth # 1.3 million on the black market .   they broke up a large operation covering eight provinces .   heavy metals are toxic metals as mercury , lead and arsenic .
tuti yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 .   current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .   ms yusupova 's death came in the same week as misao okawa .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt 's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster .   conchita will be auctioned off on the day of the ball in aids solidarity gala .   conchita will perform in a fashion show with jean paul gaultier .
bojan krkic has collected during his career with barcelona , ac milan , ajax and roma .   the former ac milan forward is now in the england squad for the season .   the stoke striker has scored during his debut season with stoke .
angela postle , from maroochydore , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket .   the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail .   the mother has been offered a refund .
england international sam tomkins has rejected an offer from warrington in order to return to wigan .   the 2012 super league man of steel is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors .   tomkins made a release from the last 12 months of his three-year contract with warrington .
amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the ` one big payday '   khan has instead agreed a bout on may 30 , with his opponent to be confirmed .   khan insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him .   khan has now said he will face chris algieri next month .
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically .   when officers mark ehrenberg and ricky ferriola arrived on scene , smoke was already coming out of the woman 's white 2006 toyota solara convertible .   it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage .
stephen james has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt .   he has starred in men 's magazine shoots and shoots runway at fashion weeks .   he has already been screaming and stalking his hotel .
yassir ali , 29 , of no-fixed-abode , drove at 80 miles per hour in a bid to escape arrest .   the bmw drives recklessly through birmingham , crossing over to the wrong side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat .   ali was jailed at birmingham crown court for 14 months for dangerous driving .
artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week .   he says he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. weeks ago .   plastic jesus says the stunt was not to target the stunt with reality tv stars .
lakenya hall , of kenner , drove the children to a fight where one was shot .   hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .   a 15-year-old was booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a handgun among other charges .
ards borough council in northern ireland spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish banquet and disco for staff as a last blow-out before the local authority shut up .   staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party .   council chiefs paid # 5,225 of the # 7,280.85 costs from deposits from workers .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night when he was pulled over because he had illegally tinted windows .   his father , pastor kevin clark , claimed his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler .   he is planning to sue police for their role in his son 's death .
lionel messi is a co-owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers and ronaldo is a target for ex-brazil and inter milan striker 's us team .   ronaldo says he ` would pay out of his own pocket ' to sign lionel messi to his united states football team .   ronaldo believes football will continue to grow in popularity .
natasha flint scored hat-trick as manchester city beat northern ireland 9-1 .   flint scored her second and third goals of the game in belfast .   city striker jodie brett scored first goal of the match in belfast .
kevin pietersen was taken off as a precaution at the parks in surrey 's match against oxford university with a minor injury .   pietersen was hit on the hand by fielding close-in during oxford 's second innings .   pietersen has returned to surrey to play championship cricket for the first time in two years .
russian officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty .   britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the president in the face of aggression and sea training exercises run in europe .   britain has not inspected russian since 2010 .
mahendra bavishi , 69 , said he believes it was an inside job .   detectives have asked to put some ` sensitive ' questions to his son who runs the business .   his firm is based were not working when they broke in .
tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook .   the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old joshua teague .   mimi was picked to star in the tv advert after phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group .
a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson during the peak of last summer 's violence following the death of michael brown .   the link suggests the presence of ` professional protesters ' or anarchists who are in baltimore and are looking to take advantage of freddie gray 's death to incite more violence .   the tweets were menacing and ominous .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season .   the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for belgium in a euro 2016 qualifier against cyprus .   the 19-year-old is now ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season .
jack jordan , 23 , proposed to his girlfriend last christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia .   the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant .   mr jordan was told he 's too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live .
five new york police department detectives went to the brooklyn store on friday april 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes .   the store manager said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter , and detective ian cyrus grabbing a handful of it .   officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time .   it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee .   youtube will pay creators 55 % of the total net revenues from subscription fees .
researchers at john hopkins medical school in baltimore found people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain .   stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic .   researchers claim that being exposed to sarcasm required more ` cognitive complexity ' and ability to see things from more than one angle .
sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller on as a substitute .   huddersfield without a win in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday .   yorkshire derby clash between sheffield and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw .
barcelona 's lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals this season .   the three stars have a century of goals between barcelona for the season .   messi scored twice as barcelona beat getafe 6-0 at the nou camp .
hannah overton , 37 , has already spent seven years in prison for the murder of her four-year-old son andrew burd , with an overdose of salt , prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case .   overton 's five children and husband larry will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son .   he could do this as her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel .
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing .   ` attractive voices may create an idea about what a woman will look like , ' said researchers .   men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk .
jimi manuwa takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson .   the londoner says he can not spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon .   he says his ` training camp in sweden has come with me '   he says he will be able to finish his opponent .
the dog named teeny is captured on video sat opposite eric ko .   the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively .   eric says ` three ' and ` four ' and the dog return to their original position .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories including flo dunn , 22 .   the shoes are worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .   daphne said of the collection , she is the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' collection .
ian poulter posted an instagram picture of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck .   poulter is confident of winning a first tour title since the hsbc champions in 2012 .   europe ryder cup captain darren clarke says poulter 's final round was best he 's ever seen him play .
cameron thomas philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in brisbane on may 3 , 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle .   mr philp was fined $ 300 but avoided a conviction , he pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property .   the forensic officer found the van , he swabbed the spit and was out of character for him .
microsoft hopes it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their apple and android apps to run on devices that use the new windows 10 operating system this year .   microsoft also announced a new name for the web browser that it plans to offer with windows 10 .   new operating system will run on the personal computer market but has failed to use many apple or android phones .
eight judges of the european court found that no foreigner should be thrown out of a country if it will interfere with their right to a family life .   robert muradeli went to live there more than 20 years ago and has a russian wife and son .   strasbourg court said that the russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011 .
mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations .   keukenhof gardens , a dutch manor built in the 17th century , boasts seven million blooms .   the kenrouken castle , the netherlands , is one of the world 's best blooms .
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans .   the group set up pro-nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations .   camp was founded in 1935 by friends of new germany .
gareth edwards directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the film .   the film is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga .   at the screening , audience members were heard to gasp when guinness spoke .
tottenham have held further talks with marseille over a potential deal for florian thauvin .   the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend 's game .   marseille are already resigned by ligue 1 side marseille .
all nurses working in areas under their control must speak english .   rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled .   isis has english language rules for all nurses .
new york wheel will cost an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 for a 38-minute ride .   a shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door .   set near the st george ferry terminal the giant observation wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time .
experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok .   uncut fruit is one group considered non-hazardous .   cut fruits should never be subjected to the five-second rule .
liam plunkett and mark wood impressed in the nets on sunday .   moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after first test in antigua through injury .   chris jordan was fastest bowler in the first test .
george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 .   george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 .   the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted .   eva pusztai-fahidi , who lost her parents and sister , says a 93-year-old former guard at the death camp is on trial is more important than any punishment .   89-year-old says she could never have taken part in the trial in germany .
kim kardashian , kanye west and north west arrived in jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter , north west .   the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony in jerusalem 's old city .   the family were taken out of the church by a priest .
kerrie armitage , from leeds , suffers from aquagenic urticaria , an allergy to water .   diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters .   now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years .
miranda has admitted he is ` proud ' to be linked with a move to manchester united .   the brazilian centre back is said to be on van gaal 's summer wishlist .   the manchester united boss is keen on staying at atletico madrid .
palm beach county deputies found a shih tzu named cujo with his eye hanging out of the socket .   the dog 's owner michele etzel told deputies that her son , 36-year-old david etzel , had been drinking and teasing the dog .   etzel then bit the dog back .
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday .   they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured .   martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , helped unwrap one of the flags as bagpipes played during the ceremony .
the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty , once the world 's richest man , was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune .   the body of andrew getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey # 2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday .   police believe he died of natural causes or an accident .
sierra abanilla , 13 , was in line at the buffet with her family when she heard the shot ring out .   police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries .   the incident happened near the buffet at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada .
sean dyche 's burnley side will beat manchester city in the premier league on sunday .   sean dyche believes burnley are more than half of premier league drop .   the clarets have been linked with a pre-season training camp .
the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway .   the film was shot on a day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four slow series .   no presenter or music .
kseniya soukeras wants to name her unborn child michael .   her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon after his father .   the couple has turned to the general public to help them reach a decision .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight in boxing 's history .   jack johnson is the first black world heavyweight champion .   jim jeffries took on the black heavyweight champion .
soil underneath a slide at the park in the toshima ward in tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation .   this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person .   authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey .   brady olson knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .   he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager .   nicola cortese sacked local hero nigel adkins on the south coast .   adkins had led southampton to the premier league in october .
a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away .   police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people .   baltimore police detective emmanuel cabreja said the department is under orders by the us government to withhold evidence from criminal trials and to ignore subpoenas in cases .
susan monica , a pig farmer and welder from southern oregon , has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small jackson county community and dismembering their bodies .   both victims were shot in the head and dismembered .   monica shot the first victim in self-defense , and the second as a mercy killing .
the royal arrived in florence for a fashion conference and has spent 24 hours with middle eastern royals in bahrain .   a businesslike beatrice was all ears as she joined us designer tory burch .   she also met international vogue editor karl lagerfeld .
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls '   but one group of women were so fed up with their six-month-old daughter addison on facebook .   ` we all have kids ... but we are all so in love with their friend 's ` running commentary , ' jade ruthven was shocked .   the author claims the rant was written on facebook .
colleen harris will be sentenced on june 5 , standing to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm .   it took the el dorado superior court jury in less than two hours to convict colleen harris of murdering robert edward ` bob ' harris in 2013 .   colleen harris was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after shooting her third husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday night .   luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema are all injured .   carlo ancelotti could start isco , jese and javier hernandez .
tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young aston villa fan charlie pye on friday .   the villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football .   sherwood revealed his ` win bonus ' to pye 's letter .
german detectives have been ` closely monitoring developments ' in the # 60 million case and are expected to make contact with scotland yard this week .   in the case , thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 .   it is believed the raiders who stole jewels and cash from 72 boxes are from eastern europe .
the 26-year-old was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost , eastern afghanistan .   his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time spent helping the british government .   he claims he has taken evidence of threats to uk authorities on ten occasions .
tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes , when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone .   but despite public outrage the bar 's owner ronnie lottz told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it .   she found a secret two-way mirror hanging on a door across from the toilet in the women 's restroom .
neanderthals were the dominant human species in europe and much of asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago .   scientists took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the protoaurignacian culture .   scientists have found that a group of ancient humans arrived in southern europe at around the same time the neanderthals disappeared .
pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days .   ms speirs 's brother paul said that his sister had never touched drugs and it was ` an outrageous lie ' to say his family were all addicts .   ms speirs and mr adusah were said to have argued during their stay .
martin keown joined aston villa in 1986 .   aston villa won the european cup in 1982 .   aston villa were one of the football league 's fa cup .
border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   using a human as their base , pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   the brief clip is set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr set to fight at wembley arena on may 9 but not against each other .   the pair clashed in a 12-round grudge match on november 29 with british , commonwealth and european middleweight champions saunders .   saunders will have a warm-up ` international contest ' for the wbo middleweight title for july .
manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was cancelled during media event .   pacquiao 's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation .   pacquiao was on the call from los angeles for his last question .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley .   he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton .   mr arwani was found dead on wednesday with bullet wounds in his chest .
the apple watch will go on sale in apple shops on april 24 .   the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world .   the python skin is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other diamonds in the strap .
the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries .   his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man .   medics say he was fortunate to still be alive during the efforts to cut him free .
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon .   they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies .   it has a 500-mile -lrb- 805km -rrb- range , a 200 mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack .
helen dunn , 78 , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 .   the cover was featured as a part of collector tim beddow 's ` antiques rudeshow ' collection of 700 vintage men 's .   helen dunn was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag span .
wandsworth council in london has announced that it is set to remove the rule giving an automatic place to a pupil 's brothers and sisters even if the family has moved out of the catchment area .   this comes after it was revealed 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school , with more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .   four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school .
chelsea and tottenham hotspur missed out on gap to under 21 league leaders manchester united .   defending champions were three points behind the north london outfit .   teams will claim all three points in the second half .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on wednesday .   johnson confirmed that the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago .   hughes has said he was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt .
julie walter has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash .   she was spotted on cctv loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the old trafford football ground in manchester before an 80-year-old man and an 81-year-old man were fleeced in two separate attacks .   police issued cctv images of walters of withington , manchester .
lorraine bracco said she was first approached to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   lorraine bracco starred opposite ray liotta in goodfellas in 1990 .
ben flower punched st helens ' lance hohaia in last season 's grand final .   the 27-year-old made his first appearance since thursday 's match .   coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see him come back .
dietmar hamann believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season .   the world cup winner was a substitute in bayern 's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday .   ribery last played for bayern on march 11 .
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end .   alonso left mclaren in 2007 after a year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season .   mclaren have scored two grand prix so far this season .
victorino chua penned what he said he had ' a devil in me '   his lawyers say the document is not a criminal confession but an ` outlet for his anger and frustration ' written at a counsellor 12 months before the first alleged poisoning .   nurse victorino chua is accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012 .   nurse said he might ` explode ' at any time .
nbc news chief foreign correspondent richard engel was taken captive by sunni rebels who tried to convince their victims they were government militants .   the 2012 kidnapping of mr engel saw him held for five days and expecting to be killed .   he was carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al assad .
radamel falcao believes manchester city counterpart sergio aguero is his side 's biggest threat .   argentina international aguero has scored six times against united since he joined city in 2011 .   falcao says he is happy at united despite playing a bit-part role for much of the season .
james koryor , 41 , was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse .   he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm , but instead went to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin and went inside to sleep .   the boy 's mother then found him in the car some time later .
the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe .   it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky .   the map was released today at the april meeting of the american physical society in baltimore , maryland .
lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery .   from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's film .   it is on to moscow on february 17 .
new generation of suncreams promise to protect against damage from infra-red a rays and say they protect the skin from the inside .   dr bav shergill , a dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead .   dr skin 's suncare lotion and sun drink .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school , which was located six miles away from her home .   now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care in spring green was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school .   the school had only issued honorary degrees to veterans .
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha 's mistakes and not jump into a dream move too .   alan pardew took over the club in january .   bolasie has two years to run on his contract .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled round the world with his girlfriend gaynor godwin .   pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 .   judge ordered allen to pay back # 491,000 as proceeds of crime .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   the ice cream was named after the show by ben & jerry 's .
atletico madrid striker mario mandzukic denied claims real madrid defender bit him during tuesday 's champions league quarter-final match .   mandzukic had bitten mandzukic after pictures showed carvajal 's mouth close to the forearm of mandzukic .   mandzukic was elbowed after a clash with sergio ramos with a bloodied face .
andy jordan aims to surf in the arctic one day .   the singer released his album last year .   he says he loves to keep active on holiday .
faith and hope howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus .   they died in hospital less than a month after their parents , simon howie and renee young , laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney 's west .   when mr howie and ms young arrived on thursday they found the site completely bare .
castello baronale , just 31 miles from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level .   includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and theatre .   built in the 12th century , the castle was born by pope urban viii .
sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs .   the british ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give sharon a spray tan .   mike has been trained in the art of waxing .
clarkson said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life .   two days before assaulting a bbc producer , jeremy clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer .   clarkson was sacked by the corporation after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack in hawes , north yorkshire .
burnley beat burnley 0-0 in their 0-0 draw at turf moor on sunday .   sean dyche 's clarets would have won bottom three .   burnley defender michael duff was satisfied with harry kane .
espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after she had breast cancer .   she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft .   smith will head to hawaii and be with oregon quarterback marcus mariota .
martin allen believes it is for the troops to follow order on the season .   the barnet winger played for liverpool and arsenal not a president .   he believes the troops will follow order in the season .
father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall .   miss horton , 28 , is half jamaican .   their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical .
noelle reno , socialite of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death .   she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her flat window in london 's marylebone .   the inquest was adjourned in december and no date has yet been set to re-open it .
arsenal legend ian wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to arsene wenger as a striker .   walcott could be on the way out of arsenal .   walcott has made just five starts this season since a serious knee injury .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mr keenan had been living in the tent with his father keith , 62 , last year when they fell behind with their repayments .   the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter .
four police officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to hyde park today .   crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual ' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws .   thousands of campaigners were arrested in london , 16 were taken into custody .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss .   the couple met after they lost their homes and were swept away by the waves .
holly barber , 25 , believed she had 13 blood clots in her lungs .   she woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains .   doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs .
parents craig and bonnie morgan want children to have best possible start in life .   they are selling it for # 185,000 to help pay for craig jr 's prep school fees .   they have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream .
king goodwill zwelithini is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were ` lice ' and ` ants ' and should be expelled from south africa .   the dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing .   zwelithini has been blamed for xenophobic violence .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles .   investigators said he tried to reveal the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim .   he faces up to two years in prison .
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford for the last football match to be played in england for four years .   the anniversary is being marked in manchester by the national football museum .   football & the first world war comes on friday to contest a controversial fa cup final .
martynas kupstys , 26 , spent three hours on bus stop across road from lincoln prison after staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 .   the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis .   both men were jailed for life following the murder in gainsborough , lincolnshire in january 2014 .
mike lane , 40 , was beaten by protesters with iron bars on ropes .   he condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic '   he was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth .   police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault .
joseph oberhansley is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of tammy jo harbin blanton last september .   prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty .   oberhansley , now 34 , was convicted of manslaughter in the 1998 shooting death of his then-girlfriend .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , and andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a sailing trip in honduras two weeks ago .   they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked .   four men waved them down , boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing their boat to the shore of a remote beach .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week .   the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division and was provided with his own wheelchair .   the u.s international joined in with shooting practice with the team .
the lion , known as p-22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday .   his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife .   he was discovered in the crawl space of jason and paula archinac 's home by an alarm technician .
ann malsbury , 22 , of coventry , battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage .   the chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in coventry last november and charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause injury .   malsbury was arrested at the property to collect his belongings after an 18-month relationship .
residents of beckley club estates in dallas , texas , say they saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage .   footage from the home shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before hitting him in his black suv around 7pm .   solis 's neighbor tisha crear said she was stolen .
prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .   the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond .   the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond 's gender dysphoria .
high rise holiday resort benidorm wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge and the great wall of china .   sociology professor mario gaviria said benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all .   spain already boasts more than 40 unesco world heritage sites , including granada 's alhambra palace and donana national park .
isobel attwood , 16 , vanished from her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday afternoon .   police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions .   friends have posted on social media saying the 16-year-old is in southampton with a man in his 20s .
christine davidson , from adelaide , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 .   four days before she died , her husband ronny and their daughters symantha , 40 , and kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her finger .   the family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother 's ring returned .
eight teams will play 60 games over almost seven weeks across india .   ms dhoni and suresh raina are the most successful team in ipl history .   new zealand captain brendon mccullum is top scorer in world cricket .
map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast , along with the south have now become the most racist areas of the us .   searches for n **** r are less frequent in regions west of texas .   racism in coal region in pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains .
ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder .   he and his wife samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled .   his wife who said the stresses of looking after he pushed their relationship close to ` breaking point '   he died aged six in 2009 .
louis tomlinson , 23 , left london 's cirque du soir nightclub at 4am this morning and returned to his hotel in the company of five girls .   zayn , 22 , and louis were forced to post bonds worth close to $ 12,000 to be allowed into the philippines .   the money was to be after zayn malik 's decision to quit the band .
around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight .   carrots were named as the worst culprit as vegetables are high in sugar .   experts say more than half of pets will be overweight in five years .
jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine ` may want me dead '   she was angry that mr le pen , a convicted racist and anti-semite , called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history '   it follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with ms le pen over his extreme views .   france 's socialist prime minister was an ` immigrant '   le pen has refused to step down as honorary president for the far right party .   in an interview on
property analysts say move would take britain back to ` dark days of the seventies '   sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by developer .   miliband wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers allowing councils to encourage building by raising taxes on undeveloped land .   labour leader 's ` stalinist ' plan to seize unused plots .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments .   several have admitted they were planning to ` limit access ' to routine treatment for financial reasons .   procedures affected include varicose vein treatment , hip and knee replacement .
2,005 adults in the uk were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed .   not being able to sleep , losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that brits find most .   anxiety .
timothy norris-jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life in guildford , surrey .   the 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had ` caught her face ' when he went to catch her in november last year .   he was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police .
cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea after breaking his nose last weekend .   fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city on saturday .   the spaniard travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted .
jamie carragher flew out to watch james play in the mediterranean international cup .   reds also play ce cristinenc in their group e games .   tournament is now in 15th year and philippe coutinho played in the tournament .
mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from the retailer .   in five years , ashley will add to marlborough primary school as part of project .   last year his group was a seventh straight premier league loss for magpies .   toon keeper tim krul had to pick ball out of his net three times .
league board to force play-off finalists all fans a minimum price of # 15 for the play-off ties was withdrawn at a meeting last thursday .   the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for season-ticket holders .   motherwell will go to battle with motherwell over free entry to the premiership play-offs .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his wife , smita haval khamitkar , and their sons arnav khamitkar , 10 and arush khamitkar , 6 , in separate rooms at their tulsa home .   the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .   a backdoor was found near the father 's body .
porche wright , 27 , was scheduled to appear in court on tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges .   neighbors reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match .   the girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds .
newcastle united 's goalkeeper tim krul beat jermain defoe on his goal at half-time .   jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions .   liverpool beat chelsea 1-0 in the 2005 champions league semi-final .
george osborne was challenged 18 times to explain where the next tory government would find the extra # 8billion .   mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives ` balanced plan ' for the economy .   home secretary says new rules would end welfare tourism and make uk less attractive to eastern european migrants .
the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york .   the federal election commission 's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of a campaign activity .   only texas republican sen. ted cruz has a 2016 presidential race .
tycoon harvey boulter forced liam fox to resign as defence secretary .   boulter is also spending another # 30,000 to try to defeat tom tugendhat .   fox resigned from the cabinet in 2011 after he sued boulter remarks .
former celebrity big brother contestant katie hopkins said the vessels ` need pushing back ' and asked listeners to a radio show : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem '   more than 900 people are feared dead after up to 900 migrants drowned in the mediterranean sea .   former apprentice contestant said migrant vessels should be ` burned ' to cut immigration - just hours after north africa branded ` toxic '   italian coast guard ship took bodies of 24 victims to malta .   ` huge bonfire
stephen john docherty pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the whakatane district court on wednesday .   the victim was not on the work site but a contractor told mr docherty he would rip the man 's penis off .   mr docherty then returned with a 15 centimetre long hook that had been fashioned from a steel rod .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami .   there are about 26,000 yanomami living in brazil and 15,000 in venezuela , mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains .   yanomami people harbor microbiomes with highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group .
john travolta claims scientology has helped him ` save lives '   the actor believes the church is targeted ` because it 's not understood '   his words came in an interview with good morning america to promote his new thriller the forger about the world 's most art plagiarist .   church elders have a ` blackmail file ' of ` damaging material ' from travolta 's .   ` i 've loved every minute of it , ' he insists .
eden hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of premier league games .   the chelsea star reached 100 premier league appearances for the blues at qpr .   sky sports pundit believes hazard will be named pfa player of the year .
england are the most successful team in the history of the victory shield .   wayne rooney , sir stanley matthews , duncan edwards and peter shilton are all veterans of the long-contested under 16 tournament .   football association says they will not be fielding a side in the competition .
cesc fabregas is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend .   the 27-year-old joined arsenal from barcelona in 2004 .   fabregas will win the capital one cup with chelsea .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires .   arcaro was retired 36 years before liver cancer in 1997 .   mccoy has 4,357 winning memories .
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland and on wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at royal children 's hospital in melbourne .   the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing at lake eildon national park .   luke is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal .
mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine .   he 's protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .   the 30-year-old security manager from istanbul attended the istanbul premiere of his latest film , the water diviner , in 2014 .
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars .   we are poised to overtake france and become second biggest car manufacturing power in europe .   across the west midlands there are now thousands of businesses .
sales of lobster , oysters , prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the easter holiday .   with 54 million hot cross buns and a 2,900 tonnes of easter chocolate .   with the easter weekend forecast for the australian families .
over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on monday night .   the blues point reserve gathering in sydney 's north shore contained 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters .   the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on wednesday .
newcastle fans plan to boycott the televised game at st james ' park .   spurs boss mauricio pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott .   pochettino is expected to lead to newcastle in the north east .
` fullips ' device has already been seen at west end parties and is going viral online .   mother and daughter krystle sell them for # 30 .   a day later the enhancers arrived in a link to a youtube instruction video .
bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen .   staff members were directed to treat hernandez like any other inmate , hodgson said .   hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .
manchester united head to chelsea on saturday in top form .   louis van gaal 's side have won six successive matches this season .   edwin van der sar is keen in january for players in january .
researchers in north carolina claim zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent .   they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the natural alpha wave oscillations .   alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 hertz 9 .
a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry .   some bestselling kindle direct publishing authors will talk about their work .   lbf 's genre will focus on two genres , crime/thrillers and contemporary fiction .
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack .   guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar , 18 , also arrested for the attack on friday after a police chase .   palacios , 42 , the director of a jail for juvenile gang members in guatemala city , was killed as he made his way to work on friday .
bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine .   the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it .   on friday night , bruce halted his gender transition after meeting kris kardashian in late 1990 .
alex impey says he is selling marijuana to help to those suffering from serious illness .   the medicinal marijuana broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill .   some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $ 80 to $ 150 per gram .
secret service supervisor xavier morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters .   the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with xavier morales when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her .   after the two employees returned to the office from the party , morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted .
a pair of three-month-old baby gorillas have made their debut at the bronx zoo after being delivered 48 hours apart back in january .   the western lowland gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi , who are both 16 years old .   keepers at bronx zoo have yet to learn the babies ' genders .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   she also admits she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature .   the mobile app has already been downloaded 20,000 times .
set of pictures taken in a forest in langenfeld , germany .   german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald spent hours painting his model .   mr duesterwald has been painting for more than 20 years .
father rameshbhai nandwana , 34 , of gurjarat , india , plans to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .   the couple have one older daughter , bhavika , six , who weighs an average 2st 7lbs .   food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more $ 1billion .   closed three years later when company fell into financial difficulties .   judge in charge of administration ruled it should be sold off .
the abu dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world .   the signature suite features three bedrooms , a full dining room , sauna , jacuzzi , two treatment beds and an exercise room .   at the st. regis abu dhabi , the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator .
billionaire tycoon jim ratcliffe has applied to planning authorities to grant permission for his new # 4 million beachfront mansion .   he is based in switzerland to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ` carbon neutral ' mansion .   high-tech planned mansion will be virtually ` carbon-zero ' and uses renewable energy such as solar power .
jenson button suffered electrical fault that cut engine and forced him into spin at turn one of bahrain grand prix .   three minutes into the first practice session , button 's mechanics failed to fix the fault until he had to stop out on ` not a great day '   jenson button will again be at the back of the grid for sunday .   mclaren broke down on friday .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son max and two-year-old daughter story , that included trap doors and a small slide .   the father , who works as a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped .   trentelman was only planning on leaving the fort in his yard for 14 days , the maximum allowed before a fine .
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period .   the couple , from ward end , claimed # 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support .   birmingham crown court heard jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 .
juventus beat monaco 0-0 at the stade louis ii on wednesday night .   patrice evra 's side have won 1-0 on aggregate in the champions league .   evra 's has urged compatriot paul pogba not to be fit into a comeback .
the shop will stock ` islamically approved ' adult items , due to open in mecca in saudi arabia after the idea was approved by clerics .   it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop called el asira .   the store will ` strictly cater to muslim customers in mecca ' , he said .
no images of the new vehicle have yet been released .   dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels .   volkswagen has unveiled two prototype ` microbuses ' including the bulli in recent years .
a 13-year-old girl has been gunned down by isis snipers in damascus .   zeynab daghastani , 13 , was shot and killed as she made her way through the streets of the al-yarmouk camp .   zeynab was shot dead on the evening of april 7 last week .   thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since the area fell under isis control on april 4 .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his season-long loan finishes .   spanish club 's sporting director jose luis perez caminero has impressed this season on the south coast .   atletico say they will remain permanently in the premier league .
pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil .   the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour .   an official police said bolina was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell .
three more of hillary clinton 's ` everyday americans ' have been revealed to have strong links to the democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the white house .   julie stauch and sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video announcing she is running for president - the secretary of state 's ` plan ' for this year .   bagniewski , who lost in 2013 , is also said to be in talks with martin o'malley 's people .
prime minister says the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility .   prime minister claimed christians in britain were being dismissed .   bishops said it was not targeted at any party .
to nu york , a cluster of bottles contained dog fluff and a photo of the mutt it came from .   i was at the sculpturecenter in the new york borough of queens , but moma is still brilliant .   new york is in a spot .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday .   carlo ancelotti admits facing simeone as one of the best coaches in the world .   simeone 's atleti side host real madrid in their quarter-final first leg .
reverend creflo dollar launched appeal last month for 200,000 people to donate ' $ 300 or more '   he came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .   dollar , who is one of the most african-american preachers in the united states , launched the private jet appeal .   worshippers could still donate to the cause of the donation site .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast last year with most of the victims , high school students .   thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol .   president park geun-hye has pledged to ` actively consider ' raising the sewol .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after former partner andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol in southern spain .   the blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family 's home 2,000 miles away in nova basoca .   her parents lubomir kukuca , 50 , and danka kukucova , 51 , said they feel hated in their village and are selling up their home to pay thousands for lawyers ' fees in spain
david luiz is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in sunday 's 3-2 win at ligue 1 title rivals marseille .   paris saint-germain defender will miss both legs of their quarter-final tie against barcelona in europe .   the former chelsea defender will be out for four weeks .
denise and glen higgs , from devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' as he appeared before the judge in daytona beach , florida .   he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike .   he will be extradited back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder .
royal baby gaga ice cream is screened in line with hospital standards .   breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators .   ms hiley wanted to remind the duchess of cambridge and mothers .
hillary clinton 's security detail arrived at a des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with a second scooby .   both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and new york license plates .   the original van , the second has blue and white plates of a different design .
sergio aguero and manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday .   martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , sacked at old trafford .   peter swales , martin edwards and joel glazer all feature .
alan pardew has no immediate plans to leave selhurst park for a table-topping side .   crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games .   alan pardew believes he is better than many of the premier league managers .
mick mccarthy doubled the lead for the home side and dent ipswich 's play-off hopes .   the tractor boys were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by huddersfield strike nahki wells and james vaughan .   ipswich could not afford an effort .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
steve mcclaren 's derby side will make a play-off place with victory against huddersfield .   bristol city boss steve cotterill will be docked with a win at morecambe .   stevenage will be up if wycombe win at afc wimbledon or dagenham .
police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night .   the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening .   when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared .
aston villa defender kevin toner is out of contract at the end of the summer .   norwich , newcastle and stoke have watched toner , one of villa 's most young players .   aston villa 's under-19s and roy keane is keen to keep their best academy graduates .
` it 's only fair that men should have it all , ' says rita wilson .   ` only 93 per cent of films were directed by men , and only 80 per cent were written by them '   women ` get to be naked ' in movies twice as men do .   13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men .
mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop .   pop star and member of destiny 's child michelle williams tweeted : ` once again #walterscott ' and added a broken heart .   rapper big boi tweeted an image of a black square with the words : #walterscott .
the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles -lrb- 6,500 square kilometers -rrb- or half the size of connecticut .   methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere . like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming .
ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are likely to lead the way in china this weekend .   vettel won the second race of the season with victory in malaysia last month .   mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg are also again .
the 35-year-old actor mocked the airport , in crawley , west sussex .   he posted the tweet with the hashtag ` #scarybaby ' on his twitter account .   chris o'dowd and his wife attended an event in london .
annegret raunigk raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is due to retire this year .   she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated .   both donated sperm and eggs .
` the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california .   experts say shopping at ikea can cause high levels of stress caused by both activities .   17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions .
nicola horlick , 54 , said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38 .   mrs horlick has children alice , rupert , 21 , antonia , 18 , and benjie , 15 .   she says women should have babies early .
on four separate occasions , grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed .   the footage , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of pembrokeshire .   scientists said the seals may keep their distance from seals , on land and in the water .
sofia vergara 's ex nick loeb says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father as he defends lawsuit to keep frozen embryos .   the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos .   he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - with the involvement of his 42-year-old ex or without her .
the # 2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman , sabine smouha from her husband jeremy .   the border force has refused to return it to her but when it arrived in britain in 2013 customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species and it did n't have endangered species import permit .   now , mrs smouha has been handed victory by a tribunal judge .
by joanna biggs , the poet philip larkin asked : ` why should i let the toad work / squat on my life ? ' he longed to be '   but also about moral worth : we work because we know we should ` pull our weight ' in society 's work .   joanna biggs and joanna biggs are the ` making ' world go round .   the book is a shoemaker , a shoemaker and a robot .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol .   acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .   acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain .
little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by mack , 19 , who is accused of murder .   allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in a bali hotel last august before stuffing her body in a suitcase , together with her boyfriend tommy schaefer , 21 .   schaefer has admitted hitting the victim with the metal handle of a fruit bowl in self-defence .
the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media .   the bbc spent licence fee payers ' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis before using a ` sad face ' emoticon .   bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the emoticon guide this week .
burnley defender michael duff believes sean dyche could one day take charge of england .   dyche , 43 , has played in eight different divisions .   duff is set to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday .
kate winslet wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her property .   but natural england has recommended the planning application be refused .   local district council reject application because of concerns over impact it will have on the natural habitat .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin .   one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale caused severe damage to the settlement 's infrastructure .   an earthquake in 1887 was caused by residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago .
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to ` look through ' the air-frame .   all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet 's visor rather than the traditional ` heads-up display '   the f-35 lightning ii is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code , compared to an f-22 raptor 's 1.7 million .   like the jet is estimated to
pj and tracy spraggins lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to his wife .   on the transplant list , she would have had to wait seven years .   she was first diagnosed with chronic inflammatory disease which affects her kidney functions .
a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack istanbul 's police headquarters on wednesday .   the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .   it is not known who fired the fatal shots .
dave doggett believes groups of up to 10 men aged in their 50s and 60s are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games .   he said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ` gangs '   mr doggett , the chairman of league two outfit cambridge united , has warned of a new breed of hooliganism and believes 10 men - aged in 50s and 60s
nicola sturgeon has said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers .   she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis .   labour minority government to seek snp support for single bill .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the bronze sculpture of yu the great 's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers constantly fondling the artwork .   officials in wuhan have accused tourists of a statue of the country 's first leader and his wife by fondling the woman 's exposed breast .   the sculpture was the founder of china 's first xia dynasty in 2070 bc .
kyle toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula .   tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides and the seesaw was born .   it measures a 45ft in length , and is made from raw materials .
adam lyth scratched for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 .   ` the find of the season ' was one of six yorkshire players in the england squad for three tests in the caribbean last season .   lyth hit back seven years ago with the mcc .   lyth has been competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook 's opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13 .
argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands islands for oil ` illegitimate ' and says it will mount a legal challenge but has ruled out another conflict .   mr filmus said military conflict ` belongs to the past '   argentina 's decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ` gunboat diplomacy '   foreign secretary philip hammond said : ` the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally . '   he added : ` argentina is not the unilateral and illegitimate appropriation
strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains .   alastair cook was sacked as ecb managing director after a world cup this year .   stuart broad said paul downton leave his role in the ecb .
danielle davis , 24 , refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain .   when daisy was born , ms davis and her partner andrew smith , 31 , were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia .   daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older , she will never be able to see .   daisy suffers from anopthalmia , a rare condition which means ` lack of eyes '
sam smith was filming filming with the tornado just one yards in front of him .   mr smith says he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so did n't know how to escape .   the driver , sam smith , filmed it from his truck in illinois , illinois .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital .   she also poured water over the dementia patient , saying : ` my son said if they do it to you , you can do them to them '   roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity .   a court heard how roberts was being treated at the hospital .
liverpool captain steven gerrard has agreed to join la galaxy .   kolo toure and glen johnson are out of contract .   brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave on a free transfer .   jordan henderson agreed a new # 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 .
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban after a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in ` miserable conditions '   it claimed the dogs are left without food or water in foul smelling conditions and are not given enough exercise .   dogs were being kept locked up in confined conditions in an unheated condemned building for time .   the organisation has now been banned by the swiss town of zermatt .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was texting on her mobile .   princess eugenie is working in new york for the second day in a row .   princess eugenie has hipster style at intermix , new york .
the yeatman suite at the yeatman boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling , copper jacuzzi , fireplace and a rotating bed .   portugal 's first wine hotel is built into a hill and one of portugal 's best luxury hotels .   the yeatman has been open for just five years .
nursing student karen buckley died of head and neck injuries .   miss buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow 's west end earlier this month .   the 24-year-old 's parents marion , 62 , and john , 61 , appeared at glasgow sheriff court .   her family hope her body will soon be released for burial .
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the santiago bernabeu this summer .   ancelotti will remain in charge at the spanish capital for at least another year .   ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league .
juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march from manchester united .   mata scored both goals as united overturned liverpool .   louis van gaal 's united side face aston villa in the premier league on saturday .
belgian food blogger yves van de ven , 37 , posted picture online of him ` missing ' the top of the eiffel tower and asked users to help improve his photo .   since then over 100 pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the tower captioned ` nailed it ' was uploaded to photosharing website 4chan .   an upload on photo-sharing site 4chan requested users connect his finger .
brendan rodgers ' side have slipped to seven points adrift of manchester city .   john carver says his players are seven points off it with seven games to go .   the champions league hopes of a win against liverpool at crystal palace .
andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 6-4 , 6-1 in the miami open .   the british no 1 lost in the second round of a match between tomas berdych and juan monaco .   murray has now been into the semi-finals for his wedding next week .
robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston .   the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast .   he was accompanied by his medical team to monitor his health .
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south london club .   the 25-year-old has played 101 times for the eagles this season .   ward was signed by dougie freedman and replaced nathaniel clyne .
paige vanzant is awarded an individual contract with reebok .   the 21-year-old is one of the ufc athletes to win the three rounds .   vanzant , 30-26 scores of 30-26 , 30-26 in just her second fight in the promotion .
the girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in namtsy .   a lion that was being walked like a dog around the siberian village of namtsy attacked a child .   the circus is believed to have left namtsy - one of the coldest regions in the world .
carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps .   it is thought carwyn scott-howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort .   carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm .
alison saunders , 54 , let off lord janner over alleged child sex abuse started her career at a legal chambers when the labour peer was a top qc there .   documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years .   mrs saunders trained in the same in legal chambers where lord janner had practised .
brian gemmell , a former captain in the army intelligence corps , said mi5 spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children 's ' home .   he spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr , who claimed he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at dolphin square apartment complex in pimlico and elm guest house .   campaigners claim mr kerr 's account is between vip paedophile rings in london and belfast .
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding .   three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman 's point in manly , sydney .   maitland vale road at lambs cove in the hunter region was taken by a local named cherie , was ripped up from the ground .
graham leonard , who was returning to scotland after attending manchester united football match , grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day .   sheriff edward savage said he was keeping ` all options open ' and mr kelly to find out jail sentence would have on him .   he admitted endangering the aircraft and then caused an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in aberdeen .
paul casey insists he is desperate to play in the ryder cup again .   the former world no 3 has returned to the world 's top 50 .   casey will play on the pga tour in time to earn qualifying points this season .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , ' she said .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters .   the englishman finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 and led in 2007 after five holes of the final round .   casey was projected to fall to 54th .
bbc has axed richard hammond and james may from the top gear website after co-presenter jeremy clarkson was sacked from bbc for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer .   it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked .   bbc say all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show .
francis saili has signed a two-year deal to join munster .   utility back saili will move to the province later this year .   the new zealand under-20 side won the junior world championship in italy .
russia beat lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 .   anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat germany 's sabine lisicki for a 2-0 lead in the opening rubber .   russia are on the fed cup final with 2-0 lead after svetlana lisicki .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members .   the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date .   jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers before being released into the wild .
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a match against swansea .   luke shaw said ashley young is the biggest joker in the manchester united dressing room .   shaw 's comments come as the end of his first season at old trafford .
the site was called how old do i look , it allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own .   site was able to guess kim kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought 37-year-old kanye west was actually 38 - while a woman in the image .   site today at its annual build developers conference in san francisco .
manchester united beat real madrid in the international champions cup last summer .   louis van gaal believes van gaal and united will sign off a visit to america .   the trip will last in the region of 12 days and will be over by august 1 .
paul warren smith , 61 , is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society on saturday .   all five of the puppies are healthy and were not injured .   each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
the wildlife creature was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water .   in a gesture captured on camera , the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave , but misses its target .   the amazing images were taken in the historic park , which opened in 1898 to help protect the wildlife of south africa .
the country 's chief medical officer dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d .   rickets was virtually eradicated after the second world war .   professor davies has ordered a national institute for health and clinical excellence .
two women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane just before it left bristol for faro around 7pm yesterday .   three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a ryanair plane that was about to leave britain for the algarve .   ryanair flight took off without three booked passengers bound for faro .
annah sophia stevenson , from new zealand , found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth .   ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through the insect 's shell .   the post has more than 300 shares .
the dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from glasgow prestwick airport to the spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin , and they risk being kicked off the flight if they do n't comply .   passengers ' hand luggage will be searched before they board at glasgow airport .   ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision .
on the market for an $ 15 million property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront .   it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 .   the property boasts six bathrooms , five balconies , six bathrooms and five balconies .
petr cech will hold talks with jose mourinho at the end of the season .   arsenal must make a decision on petr cech this summer .   arsene wenger 's decision to leave stamford bridge at end of season .
the donor , known to church officials but has asked not to be named , sent the money along with a note .   the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund , aiming to raise # 20million to repair the collapsing floor , fit heating powered by the bath springs .   the church has been granted # 10.4 million of heritage lottery funding .
a team of archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa .   they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking .   neanderthals have been found to create a necklace or bracelet 130,000 years ago .
tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national .   the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears .   woods will play in the traditional masters warm-up in 11 years .
aeman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur .   presley killed four people while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ` bloodlust ' after killing the first man .   the man had taken a greyhound bus from los angeles to atlanta last may ` on the street ' to use in robberies .
the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children .   kun kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him but was only diagnosed when he was five years old .   his mother and stepfather signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health '   kun kun was refused admission to schools and locals would avoid contact with him , so he spent his days playing in the woods alone .
the high-achieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight ivy league schools .   brown university , columbia university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university and yale university .   the students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to america - from bulgaria , somalia or nigeria .
nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of blanca cousins .   she died in the early hours of tuesday after falling from the family 's luxury apartment in hong kong .   mr cousins was also questioned over claims that his filipino partner , grace garcia cousins , had overstayed her visa by 20 years .
marisa curlen , a native of rye , new york , was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority .   police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play .   it could take up to three months to find out college sophomore had in her system the night she died .
emma walker slipped into a dangerous cycle , her eating disorder .   the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions .   her mother kim said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers .
former flight attendant shawn kathleen 's instagram account passenger shaming .   images show two passengers wearing masks , a male traveller .   they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms .
an fbi agent claims xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee '   the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with another state department employee who had top-secret clearance .   as for the alleged spy she spoke to , their names was ` teacher zhao , ' and the two met times over the years in hotels in china .   gao admitted to reporting on her ` social contacts ' in the united states .
alexis sanchez is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year .   the gunners beat england 2-1 in the fa cup final on saturday .   alexis sanchez has scored two goals for chile against england .
steve diamond 's side will face london irish , harlequins , newcastle and exeter .   danny cipriani is on holiday in dubai before sale 's last four premiership games .   cipriani contributed 13 points from the boot on a rare free weekend from rugby .
john higgins will face home favourite and defending champion ding junhui .   world no 1 mark selby was also a 5-2 winner over david gilbert .   higgins will play kurt maflin in the last eight in beijing .
marianne power claims to ` identify what it is you really want ' mood is tribal .   7,000 people are on our way to a ritual killing thursday .   the time is 9pm on thursday .
witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 migrants from libya to sicily .   a group of 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate '   the 15 migrants arrested over the attack on their arrival in palermo are from the ivory coast , senegal , mali and guinea bissau .   italian police said they had boarded a rubber boat on the libyan coast .
two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him .   the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday .   the footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , and even hit one of the teens .
the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it .   doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face which exposed part of his lower jawbone as well as lower legs and knees .   he is now being treated in ping mei group hospital and is expected to need several operations to repair the damage .
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory .   scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours .   their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns .   he set fire to himself by mistake in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport .   kemery told police he rented the car in florida and drove north to the hamptons .
sky sports pundit gary neville could not believe that a spot kick was not awarded to the magpies at anfield .   lovren saw ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren .   neville said it was an absolute stonewall penalty .
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ` rocky ' riojas in february 2001 .   the u.s. supreme court had refused in november to review his case , and no appeals were filed before his execution .   garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family , friends and police officers .
aston villa will face aston villa at wembley stadium on may 30 .   the fa cup fund will face # 1.8 million in prize money .   fa chairman greg dyke 's england commission is keen on coaches and facilities .
bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike .   the tornado took place at about 2:45 pm in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage .   friday 's weather may see storms in a number of major cities , including dallas and houston .
william kerr strangled maureen comfort and put her body in cupboard 20 years ago .   he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january .   kerr was jailed for life for murder at leeds crown court .
dick advocaat will welcome back lee cattermole after the midfielder missed the defeat to west ham united on march 21 .   the 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension .   sunderland manager has said cattermole will start the game against newcastle .
the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner has spent their # 250,000 .   paul potts and jai mcdowell 's ` album flop ' show at the royal variety performance is over .   the show 's show at a ninth series tomorrow .
four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands , while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were held .   six people were arrested at dover this morning on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences .   they are currently being questioned at a police station in the west midlands area .
hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes .   formula one 's bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice .   bernie ecclestone says lewis hamilton is not a move from ferrari .
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her husband , robert ellis , at their home in bali last october .   his body , with wrists and feet bound , was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village .   mrs ellis told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce .
mackenzie moretter , of minnesota , had a tenth birthday party on saturday .   her parents sent invitations to mackenzie 's classmates and heard no response .   her mother jenny moretter took a different approach to families with girls around mackenzie 's age to stop by their family home to celebrate .
kristen jarvis , 34 , left the first family behind this month after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion .   jarvis says she did not share michelle 's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore .   jarvis , who 's been with her since she moved in to the ford foundation president darren walker 's chief of staff .
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford in kent this morning with only the driver on board .   fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle .   the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
michael van gerwen and gary anderson lost a 7-5 win over james wade .   world no 1 van gerwen won his top-of-the-table clash in the world of darts .   raymond van barneveld came from behind to beat rival van gerwen .
the 18-year-old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers .   scott beaty , a 15-year-veteran , was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed and broken bones in his face .   three detention officers were taken to a hospital and two of them had been knocked unconscious .
eddie howe expects the club to inspire the cherries to win promotion from the championship .   the cherries take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday .   second-placed norwich face fourth-placed middlesbrough on friday night .
an air india captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during an altercation in the cockpit .   both pilots have been derostered after the altercation involving the captain and co-pilot erupted while the plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from delhi to jaipur last night .   the airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument and there was no physical violence .
64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends .   nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals .   study says there 's no need to hit the mall alone to avoid buyer 's remorse .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .   if he is successful mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
mario balotelli had withdrawn himself from the squad to travel to arsenal .   the striker would only have been a substitute against arsenal .   brendan rodgers said balotelli did not travel with the squad .
juventus face monaco in champions league had an average age of 30 years and 64 days .   andrea pirlo played 74 minutes against monaco before being replaced by team-mate andrea barzagli .   massimiliano allegri 's second oldest side on tuesday night .
the phone , which belonged to bella crooke from melbourne , was handed in to albury police station on sunday morning .   police officers realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in locations around the police station .   officers from albury police posted selfies on a woman 's facebook page saying she could come and collect her phone .
william hill scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 .   david raven 's extra-time winner fired celtic into extra-time strike .   virgil van dijk and celtic drew 1-1 in the second half .
frozen salt and vinegar crisp , from cakes to curries , freezing foods .   tessa cunningham is a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test .   frozen herbs will last up to six months when frozen .
haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page .   the mother-of-eight says that she does not want any other woman to have him either .   she refuses to take her husband of 15 years back .
the officer , who has been on the force four years , charged with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties .   police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot .   when he arrived , he contained viviana keith , who was walking toward her car .
liverpool beat aston villa 1-0 in the fa cup semi-finals at ewood park .   philippe coutinho had not slept the night before the game .   his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election .   west mercia police said it was investigating reports of the breach of the people .   the 57-year-old has criticised the ` absolutely ridiculous ' investigation after he was told he will face no further action .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left .   the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun .   he was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle .
francis coquelin was drafted back into the arsenal squad from a loan spell at charlton in december , after last weekend 's 1-0 victory over manchester united .   the frenchman has made 23 appearances for arsenal this season .   arsenal will be out to beat chelsea for first time since 2011 .
the kings are signing bhullar to a 10-day contract that will make him the league 's first player of indian descent .   sim bhullar is being called up from the nba development league affiliate , the reno bighorns .   the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when david wear 's 10-day contract expires and a roster spot .
zlatan ibrahimovic , marco verratti and thiago motta at home .   thiago silva was substituted in the defeat by barcelona .   thiago silva will miss paris saint-germain 's medical team .
gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes showed off netball skills .   the thunder filmed a lip-sync version of ` this the way to amarillo '   thunder are coached by gary and phil 's sister tracey neville .   he will take over as england coach at the end of the season .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan , south china .   the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property .   some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and became trapped by her neck .
jamaican starlet deshane beckford was invited to train with west ham 's academy earlier this month .   beckford also has offers from clubs in belgium .   west ham have cheapest tickets at the olympic stadium will cost as little .
nick clegg admitted his wife miriam chose not to move his family into a government property in putney , south west london for itv 's tonight programme .   the move was vetoed by his wife .   after the last election , mr clegg was given option of moving into a grace-and-favour mansion .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago .   in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china later in the year .   the state department took $ 500,000 each for obama 's seven dinners .
peter gale was fired from his position at high-performing nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey , due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures .   the first male headteacher at an grammar school has been sacked for ` inappropriate ' and ` unprofessional ' behaviour less than two years after taking up the post .   he was appointed to run the school , karin rowsell .
the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi .   libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of benghazi to rubble .   volcano is seen performing his music in scenes of civil war .
jordon ibe posted on instagram in instagram .   liverpool star is out with a knee injury .   the 19-year-old is expected to return in the next few weeks .
home secretary theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category .   some forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm .   charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11 .
satellite tv operator directv complained to the better business bureau 's national advertising division that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the claims could n't be substantiated .   the series of ads featured the actor playing two characters : a lowe in a slick suit who was a cable user .   other issues include the ` superiority message ' of lowe 's closing phrase .
finley lamb , five , suffers from a rare brain abnormality .   he is highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems .   it left boy , from merseyside , unable to walk and talk , and with 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , found guilty of first-degree murder on thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison .   he removed all the lightbulbs of the orlando home he shared with shelby fazio , 23 , before waiting for the young woman to return , killing her and then abusing her body in october last year .   jurors were told santana first choked fazio in a headlock before wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her with a hunting knife .
jenson button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang circuit .   the car was competitive alongside other runners india in malaysia .   mclaren and new mclaren now have their rivals .
matilda kahl , a new york woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years .   saatchi & saatchi art director matilda kahl says her work ` uniform ' was ` judged on my work and my work only '   in an interview for harper 's matilda , matilda said she want to dailymail.com as she wear to the office .   she said : ` it 's very out this year , i 'm like i 'm going to be a uniform . '
players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the blues ' senior stars for a training session at finch farm on tuesday .   a spring resurgence of five wins and a draw in their last six games has led roberto martinez 's side into the top half of the premier league .   leon osman , phil jagielka , ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all interested to pass on advice .
thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean .   the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa ` started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was submerged .   crew on sea shepherd vessel bob barker said the now submerged ship was abandoned by the vessel .
susan house survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time .   fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , causing substantial damage to the roof .   the explosion originated in the kitchen .
after surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened , and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning .   most of the tests are available only privately and cost about # 2,500 .   experts say the risk of chemotherapy is as low as five per cent .
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city , where she was a waitress .   foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as thc , the active ingredient in marijuana .   foster 's family believe she drove into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana .
juventus striker carlos tevez has refuted claims he is yet to make a decision on his future .   boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed he was ` close to bringing carlos home '   tevez pulled off the ` chicken dance ' during boca 's 2-0 win over river plate in 2004 .   tevez has said he wanted to end his career at his boyhood club .
the long-running motoring show took up first , third and fifth spots in the catch-up service 's top five for the month as fans used it to take one last look at their favourite show .   viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon .   top gear has helped steer the bbc 's iplayer to record levels after four episodes shown in february notched up nine million views alone .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
patricia sebastiao , 22 who has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son , is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months but returns to crackland to feed her addiction .   andrea says she is married and has a home , but she has been living in this crackland for about 4 months .   located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke .
rilie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool .   she was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom .   but as the rhyme did not come back to their mother jessica .
jackson byrnes , 18 , was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would save his life .   his family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dream it would be .   jackson opened his eyes by his surgeon and family .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .   the bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .   the last case in loudoun was in january 2013 .
george osborne met george osborne at campaign stop in somerset .   he was given a tour of the factory where machines are built .   blue version of vaccum brand was unveiled by worker inga ciplyte , 29 , from exeter .
max maisel went missing on february 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near lake ontario , new york .   the 21-year-old 's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday .   police have found the body of senior espn writer ivan maisel 's son , two months after his car was found abandoned .
sir jeremy heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10 .   ms sturgeon told supporters at a rally in glasgow today that the westminster establishment were afraid of the snp 's rise and called on ed miliband to commit to ` locking out ' david cameron from downing street next month .   ms sturgeon claimed that the story was a sign of ` panic ' in westminster .
jose mourinho insists he has no idea where klopp will end up .   the german has been tipped to make the move to england next season .   stoke boss mark hughes forecast jurgen klopp 's european competition .
samantha cameron has told her : ` no way , jose . she was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to their fourth child florence in cornwall after she arrived weeks early . '   baby talk has been ruled out on a visit to promote help for first time buyers .
restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother .   city officials are demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm .   smokey has been living with sandy in his lower east side apartment .
the painting allegedly depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand .   it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , peter murrell .   he is the man credited with the nationalist leader after danger mouse 's loyal hamster sidekick in the 1980s cartoon series .
the mercury is set to stretch out for the rest of the week - and the weather will be warmer here than in many mediterranean sun spots .   when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far .   palm house at kew gardens in st james 's park in maidenhead , berkshire .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , is inspired by the city of lights ' overnight .   the maisons maison souquet is the most popular hotel in paris .   the hotel is located in the moulin rouge theatre .
charlotte watts argues stress drain nutrients from the body is under stress .   seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed , warns nutritionist charlotte watts .   b vitamin status is low on vitamin b6 .
terrorist group isis has released photographs of christian graves with sledgehammers .   the images were posted on social media in the iraqi city of mosul .   it 's the first act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror .
bubba watson admits he must improve as a man after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour .   watson is chasing a third green jacket at augusta this week .   watson has won two green jackets but not an espn.com survey of 103 tour professionals .
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces .   in a study they found that the reverberations of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby .   the research was conducted by scientists from the university and connecticut .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city .   the happy couple were joined by stars including helen mirren , ansel elgort , olivia wilde and christoph waltz for the opening night of the play .   new york magazine called the show ` badly written ' and ` frustrating '   the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein and kate winslet
påhoj von schantz has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- tall .   it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment .   the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known .
benito gonzalez , 46 , pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a cherry hill starbucks .   a surveillance photo posted to the 17-year camden police veteran 's arrest is now being used as evidence .   the father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay .
prince harry will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force .   he will visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the soldier .   harry was staged to support the royal foundation 's endeavour fund .
an alleged ` serial bride ' accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration scheme was arrested just after leaving court friday , when she allegedly evaded the fare at a bronx subway station .   the judge told her to stay out of trouble but allegedly used an emergency exit door instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece tracy barrientos .   one of the men 38-year-old lianna barrientos wed was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the u.s. in 2006 .
angel rangel has been ruled out for the rest of the season after ankle ligaments against hull last month .   ecuador winger jefferson montero remains a doubt for everton 's trip to swansea and is rated just 50-50 by his manager roberto martinez .   romelu lukaku is a major doubt for swansea city with a hamstring injury .
paul bramley , 28 , locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside , killing all 150 people on board .   but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame the co-pilot who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash .   music student said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks .
lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of spanish grand prix .   two-time formula one world champion will compete in the british touring championship .   nicolas hamilton suffers from neurological condition cerebral palsy .
laura sumner was given ten days to leave the country after being fined # 23.50 for an alleged visa violation .   russian media reports have branded her ` agent sumner ' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot .   report claims academic 's work was ` important for the plans of the west to create a colour revolution '' in russia .
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis failed to qualify for world championships .   west indies batsman was first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background '   england play australia in champions league on more than 21 years .   shivnarine world snooker champion steve davis has been at 40 .
felix found the hotel , lake , gardens and trails to be an playground for his family .   the hotel is a faux-gothic victorian castle .   it is the high bluff of the hudson valley .
deputy prime minister said there was a ` very real danger ' that ukip and northern ireland 's dup could hold mr cameron to ` ransom ' in the event of a second hung parliament .   ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically in seats .   tories ditch mr cameron before any election deal .
terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd , the mother of odin lloyd over the trial , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder .   lloyd refused to comment on hernandez 's interview and said she would say about her death when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction .   hernandez also refused to move on now .
owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the la marina auto sales , in dearborn heights , michigan , after the easter break .   he is now offering a $ 1,000 reward for information to the arrest of the vandals .   the trio were said to have been damaged .
cetaphil gentle cleanser is also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon .   contains long lists of chemicals .   dermatologistsis developed it for people with sensitive skin .
stoke city and west ham have had a full season in charge at one club .   alan pardew could be a candidate for the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace .   john carver has scored nine points in his 12 games this season .
a pregnant texas woman has been killed after he accidentally ran her over talks to police about the accident .   her husband admitted to police that during the heat he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her .   police say they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40 pm on saturday .   the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell .   students wore blue to class in memory of millie , decorated her locker with notes and photographs .
the tiny home is located on a street in islington , north london .   it features tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden .   the property was put on the market with foxtons for # 750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001 .
floyd mayweather is preparing to face manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas .   mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is the best ever ahead of the mega-fight .   pacquiao 's trainer manny pacquiao believes the almighty is in his battle with parkinson 's disease .
around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014 .   kennel club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers .   kennel , garlic and leeks can cause life-threatening anaemia .
liverpool hope to convince depay , 21 , would get more regular football .   psv value depay at # 25million and rejected a # 14million bid from tottenham for manchester united target memphis depay .   liverpool have made enquiries for holland international depay .
catherine gerhardt now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers ' she teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate and exit in order to deter bullies .   an internet troll from the bully is frozen in their way to go .   the bully was punched in the gut .
pupil xiao gao , from fujian province , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had bullied him gave him the water .   medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say the combination of water , perfume and dust - should not have caused that type of damage .   gao was in year two at haidu number 8 middle school .
on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for ' 20/20 '   letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual .   the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle . she then taught him again in sixth
orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world .   it has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat .   during ` the lion encounrter ' , they can see every whisker tooth and hair .
twitter 's top lawyer admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls .   miss gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' because it had to do better .   twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse .
tim sherwood sent luongo , an australian international to the county ground on loan during his spell as development director at white hart lane .   luongo was player of the tournament during australia 's successful asian cup in january .   swindon are currently fourth in league one with three games to play and luongo .
arsenal beat burnley at turf moor on saturday night .   arsene wenger 's side lost on to beat burnley in second place .   aaron ramsey scored a second in the first half for a blatant block on aaron ramsey .
the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine .   qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .
new infographic shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change layout of your room .   sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out .   from london furniture company made.com per cent of britons say their sleep .
paul tudor jones ii bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week .   he warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march .   the ocean-front home has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater , swimming pool and gym .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey , claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 .   when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy .   she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster .
charlene bishop was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate .   the left side of the pony 's skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain .   her mother danielle flisher went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries .
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning '   woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 .   his children caddying for him .   vonn completed the family portrait with her green dress matching tiger 's shirt .
tiger woods met up at nike 's headquarters in shanghai , china .   golf 's former world no 1 has played just three tournaments this year .   woods has confirmed he will return to the pga tour on may 7 .
arsenal beat arsenal 2-1 in the fa cup final on 115 minutes .   alexis sanchez scored the gunners into the lead on 39 minutes .   the royals ' fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici .
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather .   prices of pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen at least 50 per cent .   retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising heavily for pacquiao items in the philippines .
juan cuardrado has failed to impress at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina .   the colombian winger has scored just one goal for manchester city .   wilfried bony is wilfried bony 's second leg at the world cup .
samantha wills , from williamstown , welcomed the joey dubbed ` crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother 's pouch when she was hit by a car .   suzie nellist from queensland said her pet wally the wallaby and her cat get along very well .   nine months on , the australian families eat and live like cats and dogs , grow up how to hop , let their owners give them regular baths .
chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with eight games left to play .   joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning premier league title .   manchester city face chelsea at crystal palace on monday .
franck ribery says his relationship with louis van gaal is a ` bad man ' who loses players ' trust .   van gaal took charge of the bavarians but only lasted two years .   van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold .   she called her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message .   ms nesbitt texted her boss asking him to delete the message .
scientists in the netherlands found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays .   high in the atmosphere , the rays strike atmospheric molecules and create ` showers ' of elementary particles - the smallest known to exist .   researchers found they could find out information about the electric field in a thundercloud as it affected the radio emissions .
travelling by private jet is a luxury industry for the rich and famous .   2.5 million flights recorded in the us in 2013 and 705,000 in europe .   salzburg , austria , to darwin in australia .
graphic above shows how a blood sample can be mixed with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells .   using a smartphone app , these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes .   this mixture is then placed on a slide that can clip onto the camera of a smartphone .
ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election .   he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a ` time of scarcity '   he will claim ` not one policy ' in it would be funded through additional government borrowing .   labour 's manifesto in manchester will insist labour is not only the party of change .
cesc fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder charlie adam .   chelsea midfielder suffered a broken nose playing for spain in 2008 .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas .   but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism - because it was inspired by a foreign terrorist group .   one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the military rejected his claims that his injuries were in the line of duty .
carlos colina , 32 , faces charges of being an accessory after severed human body parts were discovered inside a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology .   he is being held on $ 1million bail . remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a recycling bin in his apartment building 's recycling bin .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of fred hatch in communal garden of cardiff .   mr hatch 's wife enid went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house .   rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced today .
john peacock 's england are the defending european champions .   england have been placed in group c with greece , russia and france .   the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of burgas , sozopol and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
remington ` remi ' walden , four , was killed three years ago when the jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck .   jurors in decatur county , georgia ruled on thursday that the suv manufacturer , chrysler , acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of a 1999 jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle .   walden , of bainbridge , georgia , died when a jeep grand cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 4-0 in the champions league on tuesday .   pep guardiola 's side have scored so far this season .   bayern munich 's jerome boateng scored the second header .
laura scurr , 15 , from whitley bay , was left on a heart machine .   collapsed through starvation but has spoken about pressures on girls to be a size zero .   became obsessed with having perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed .
hull city are keen on signing alex mowatt .   the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season .   hull city manager steve bruce is keen on his squad .
ian gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago .   he is suing his employer after he was nicknamed ` hoppy ' by a colleague .   his job involved kneeling down and removing a manhole cover .   he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee .
a protein which helps boost the body 's immune system ten-fold could be ready for human trials within three years .   the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells and hunt them down , and destroy them .   they are now developing a gene therapy that would boost production of lem proteins .
george davon kennedy of georgia , a student at middle tennessee state university , was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city .   a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach .   he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week .
the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .   elton john and lead singer of rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a georgia prison .   diamond 's gender dysphoria was without hormone treatment for three years .
the 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer , keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on and on as ukip leader until 2030 .   mr farage said as a schoolboy he ` always questioned authority ' his childhood of ` youthful excess '   ukip leader nigel farage told itv 's julie etchingham about his love of skinny-dipping in the english channel as a boy .   mr farage was interview with his second kitchen at deal .
a writer for the radio 4 drama , keri davies , said that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes .   actor charles collingwood defended the show 's editor sean o'connor who has been criticised for ` sexing up ' the traditional radio serial .   ` we can only have 39 actor bookings in a week .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
dani alves offered a move away from the nou camp all season .   the full-back 's contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool .   the player 's agent , dinorah santana .
tony abbott forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her .   she said she is ` sad ' that he is not a supporter of it .   ms mcgregor was now group captain in the royal australian air force .
paul scholes criticised mario mandzukic for ` making a meal ' on varane .   atletico madrid striker appeared to be punched and bitten by real madrid 's daniel carvajal .   mandzukic was elbowed after a clash with sergio ramos left him with a bloodied face .
kevin pietersen returned to nets on monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month .   pietersen was pictured driving away from the oval in his expensive telsa sports car .   pietersen arrived early for the session at the oval .
leza davies , from telford , shropshire , discovered a cancerous lump when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame .   mrs davies was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile .   she began six months of chemotherapy and followed by radiotherapy and surgery .
the collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in china .   owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates .   ceremony was also designed to raise awareness of animal rights .
cesc fabregas scored 87 minute winner at loftus road .   charlie austin and matt phillips also included each player .   jose mourinho 's side face queens park rangers on saturday .
james faulkner will play in the red rose 's first four lv = county championship matches .   faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month .   faulkner has signed a deal to join the squad next month .
victoria ayling , who is running for the key election seat of great grimsby , made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at ukip meetings .   she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan ' , lieutenant colonel ron shepherd , leader of ukip 's north east lincolnshire group .   mrs ayling has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented son 's situation .
the four-year-old , ridden by william buick , beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby .   buick won # 1.1 million all weather finals day at lingfield in the coral easter classic at lingfield .   buick won four wins in the three-year-old mile championship .
yaya toure and samir nasri are also open to leave the etihad stadium .   toure will be made available for ivorian midfielder yaya toure this summer .   city manager manuel pellegrini under pressure after 4-2 defeat by manchester united .
alex hales claims he is still waiting for a ` proper crack ' at one-day cricket .   the 26-year-old has played in only five of england 's 18 matches .   hales is hoping for more continuity when england resume their odi schedule this summer .
the teenager from greater manchester pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court .   he was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in january .   the dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines .
vonda thedford , 55 , said she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground .   when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '   the restaurant worker says the bones appear to be from a young dog .   the legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in puerto
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 at the top of la liga .   javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts for real madrid .   manchester united loanee james rodriguez scored two goals .
the 40-year-old e! star was seen leaving trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show appearance .   on monday , she made a racist comment about zendaya 's hair style on fashion police .   rancic has said that o'connell has dishes on her ex-boyfriend jerry o'connell , who she first met in san diego .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin .   his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , suffered minor injuries .   rogan was a devout churchgoer and former marine , and ran an organic seed business .
freddie flintoff , 37 , has been the face of jacamo for four years .   the personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer freddie flintoff .   they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , has diamond blackfan anemia , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body 's ability to circulate oxygen .   since audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells , she has faced a host of health issues in her short life .   but the condition does n't stop audrey from videos from her zumba class .   half of people with dba need a transfusion once every three to five weeks .
the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises .   aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective .   the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea .
die-hard fans of actor al pacino can fly on a private jet with him from glasgow to london for # 25,000 .   the package includes a commercial flight ticket from any uk airport to glasgow and priced from # 25,000 or $ 41,555 per person .   but the 74-year-old actor , who has made millions over six decades , is offering criticism for the pricey promotion .
andrea dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting .   the 33-year-old was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7 .   dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods .
elijah mckenna , 9 , suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body .   but the child 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .   as of monday , they were still seen in a neighbor 's yard .
alastair cook and peter moores have not won from home since 2012 .   jos buttler scored the first day 94 not out .   simon jones and moeen ali could make the difference .
wilfried zaha has admitted he felt ` worthless ' during his two-year spell as a manchester united player after his dream move to old trafford .   the 22-year-old winger was signed by then old trafford boss sir alex ferguson in january 2013 from crystal palace for # 10million .   zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years .
the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions .   most of the photos or video clips are poor quality .   it is too dangerous to set foot on this outcrop in the indian ocean .
england 's national saint 's day falls on april 23 .   england and tottenham star harry kane posted a picture of his self , posing with his brother charlie , his face painted with the st george 's cross .   nathaniel clyne , charlie austin and peter crouch all posted messages of celebration .
eaze has been dubbed ` uber for weed ' and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver .   the app , called eaze , has just raised $ 10 million so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states .   eaze claims to be aimed at people using the drug for medical reasons , to relieve arthritis pain .
hayley sandiford has been told she must leave her home this month or she will lose her house .   winston 's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in blackburn , lancashire .   miss sandiford says royal mail are victimising winston and claims her family are being ` taunted all the time ' by people in the area .
raheem sterling says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week for liverpool .   paul scholes has advised sterling to stay at liverpool and continue to develop .   scholes says he is not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool .
michael phelps is to return to competition after the end of his ban for drink-driving .   the 29-year-old american - the most decorated olympian in history with 22 medals , will compete at the arena pro swim series event in mesa , arizona , from april 15-18 .   phelps is still serving the 18 months of probation he pleaded guilty to driving under the influence in december .
the cyclist is pedaling in front of his friend past a junction when the truck comes speeding along the inside , clipping the rider and throwing him clear of his bike .   the second cyclist does not have any time to react to his friend 's accident .   marathon rider ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg .
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , on thursday where they worked to release three men .   two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to fairfield hospital in a serious condition .   police and nsw are investigating the incident .
chelsea face leicester city at st george 's park on wednesday night .   didier drogba and didier drogba have been the subject of a ` bin challenge '   drogba and thibaut courtois scored in the 0-0 draw on sunday .   jose mourinho 's side are currently in the premier league table .
michael pulman , 33 , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   his mother , joy , never spends money on herself and wears # 5.99 shoes from oxfam .   her son is a divorced father of two .
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west early on friday morning .   the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30 am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout .   their car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool .
the hometown of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the murdered teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday .   the 26-year-old grew up and met her fiance aaron leeson woolley .   ms scott was dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down aisle to marry her partner of five years .
eight san francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended .   he called the texts ` despicable ' and says those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer '   authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks , mexicans , filipinos and gay men make repeated use of homophobic slurs .   six others will face disciplinary actions .
dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko has scored five goals in 10 games this season .   psg have an interest in signing juventus and france 's paul pogba .   yarmolenko has been in form for west ham and stoke last summer .
nigel farage faced claims of a ` cover-up ' last night .   leaked to the mail on sunday shows farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the kent seat he is on course for a humiliating personal defeat in the general election .   if the poll could end farage 's political career as he has vowed to resign as ukip leader .
raheem sterling has rejected an offer of # 100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield .   bernabeu legend zinedine zidane has said the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad .   real madrid are also managing the spanish giants ' castilla b-team but long tipped for the no 1 role .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , has multiple wives within the sect - nine .   she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under warren '   lyle jess ' legal wife , charlene jeffs , says church has become worse under his control .   lyle jeffs has officially filed for divorce from her husband in utah .
james boase , landlord of coppa dolla pub in broadhempston , devon had been drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13 , 2014 .   the 36-year-old publican claimed that he went to bed around 12.30 am and must have been sleep walking .   he insisted he had been ` sleep walking '   boase had 75 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , more than double the legal limit .
around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off in the west midlands .   it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   birmingham city council said they were aware of it .
rafa benitez 's napoli will play dnipro in the europa league final .   napoli and fiorentina have a europa league semi-final draw against dnipro .   rafa benitez ' napoli face fiorentina in the champions league and europa league .
australian driver daniel ricciardo has urged his red bull team to go back to the front of the grid .   red bull are second best to mercedes last season .   red bull 's team toro rosso at the last race in malaysia .
lucas hinch shot his computer 8 times in the alley of his herb and tea shop .   police in colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then . shooting it eight times with a handgun .
lisa and james tuttle thought their big house with a garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful family home .   but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot dead by the farmer next door .   lily , centre , and marley , were killed as they were accused of killing his birds .
arsene wenger insists he is n't haunted by his decision to back out of eden hazard in 2012 .   hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season .   belgium star hazard joined chelsea from lille in may 2012 .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap .   she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped .   janet faal spent an hour waiting for tyre services on april 10 .
ian bell , jason holder and joe root put on 177 for the fourth wicket .   england 's new top three saw 10 balls in 1976 .   colin graves ' new chairman tony greig has been criticised for two hours at a test .
members of the new york police department claim the man , 30 , opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired .   when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene .
the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of gold fish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago .   the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000 , it 's believed to the natural species in the lake , by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases .   ` dumping your pets into a lake could bring diseases to native animals and plants , ` colorado parks and wildlife
fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   martin fletcher claims the fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham .   the fire broke out near half-time of bradford 's game against lincoln in 1985 .
jessica silva 's ex partner james polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to ` cave her f *** ing head in ' and ` bash the f *** ' out of her .   ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a message that said , ` my head is just full , i ca n't live with it , i need forgiveness '   ms silva has visited the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain why she had to kill his son three years ago .
stephen taylor went missing in the solent after leaving lee-on-solent in hampshire .   his partner michelle fuller , 49 , failed to return home late in the evening .   it is believed there may have been a sighting of mr taylor , from gosport .
prices have fallen by largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk , vegetables and meat as they compete with each other .   on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months .   this is the biggest fall in prices in a single year since records began nine years ago in 2006 .
red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey has been a part of ten world championship wins .   petrolhead reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the red bull factory with sky sports .   reeves , who has starred in blockbusters such as the matrix trilogy , is a director .
friends of karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow .   judge cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death .   district judge nigel cadbury said she had only a few drinks before leaving club .
ferdinand has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league .   ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr 's premier league campaign .   ferdinand has played just five times since october .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children 's home near mansfield .   the inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused .   police have launched an investigation looking into claims of sexual abuse at the home .
robbie keane and clint dempsey left out of their sides through injury .   gordon scored with his second goal of the season .   la galaxy striker alan gordon scored a first-half winner .
at the age of 42 , robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott after he had a vasectomy .   she 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and bed 12 strangers in as many months .   when they met , rinaldi was n't a father of an bookie bookie .
ozzie the goose was amputated at the joint .   but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb .   ozzie 's new 3d printed leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly .
a 10-year-old boy jumped to his death from a window at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 and died later that day .   the fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent did n't say ` checkmate '   on wednesday , police released a report after an investigation into his death .   the child , who has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident .
around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region .   australian actor hugh sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother zachary who is missing at mount everest .   at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp but it 's not known whether any australians were among the group .
molly hennessey-fiske received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison .   durst , who was arrested for the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman last month , pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on thursday .   durst 's lead attorney said that the letter looked like his client 's handwriting .
wolf hall writer hilary mantel 's second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed for the american stage .   the bestselling author , who once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its bbc debut , has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway .   the title of her second book bring up ' a lot of repetition has been ditched in favour of the ` wolf hall ii '   booker will open at the winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow .
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night .   then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car just a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a minor changes .   she took to facebook and posted a photo of her and her new ride .
the anthem of the seas has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers .   the cruise liners will both be based in southampton and the mediterranean over the summer .   as the seas will move to new york harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to sail from cape liberty cruise port to bermuda , canada and new england .
scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident .   one breed in had plummeted from several hundred before the disaster on 11 march 2011 .   despite radiation levels in region starting to fall .
drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country .   swazi gold is grown in the south african sovereign state of swaziland .   it boasts a staggeringly high concentration of thc , the psychoactive agent .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies .   the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 languages .   a book called secret garden by johanna basford .
four have been sold and the final one will be gone by the end of next month .   tesco managed to sell seven-year-old gulfstream 550 , worth around # 30million new .   similar plane can cost up to # 67,000 to charter .
sharon and nick chalwell were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family .   shannon mann , 22 , said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years .   mrs chalwell , 38 , and nick have been trying to conceive since they were married .
robin van persie made an appearance for manchester united under 21s .   van persie scored twice as united beat fulham 4-1 in the premier league .   van persie missed seven matches after his ankle injury .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged .   the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store '   in the youtube video camargo can be seen using the child in the face with an ipad-like tablet .   the woman can be seen
teana walsh , an assistant prosecutor in detroit , aired her point of view late monday night .   walsh suggested deadly force should be used against the violent protesters .   at least 15 people voiced their approval by ` liking ' the comment .
chipotle is the first gmo-free national fast food chain .   farmers are not ordered to use non-gmo feed .   steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money .
hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in north korea 's pyongyang marathon .   the event only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 .   one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus , a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland ran in the full amateur marathon .
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests .   he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals .   if the convicted educators accept deals , they would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $ 1,000 fine .
first minister forced to admit mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as next year .   nicola sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to holyrood .   labour leader jim murphy warned this would leave a catastrophic hole .
the ` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence .   but dr spence warned that newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry .   apple 's health app comes pre-downloaded on its new phones .
jared henry of arkansas was knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch .   henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain .   the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident .
pippa middleton and nico jackson left a restaurant in fulham last night .   miss middleton , 31 , wore a tailored cream blazer , a heart-print top and dark denim jeans .   jemima vine rules the roost .
harry kane scored in tottenham 's second goal at newcastle last week .   spurs have won two - against qpr last august and arsenal in february .   hugo lloris will stay at tottenham even if the club fail to qualify for the champions league .
director of public prosecutions encouraged by two aides to charge labour peer with historic sex crimes .   both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute .   lord janner escaped justice after the uk 's top prosecutor over-ruled the advice of two of the country 's most senior qcs .
red bull driver lewis hamilton and nico rosberg off the top of formula one .   red bull 's chinese grand prix is 18 months ahead of chinese gp .   daniel ricciardo is set to be the formula one circus manager in shanghai .
david seaman says it was the best one he ever made during his career .   the former arsenal keeper has been warned not to underestimate his fa cup semi-final .   the former england international says it 's the best of his career .
sunderland were booed from the field at half-time for aston villa .   within 48 hours gus poyet had been sacked and dick advocaat was installed .   the black cats are three points clear of the relegation zone .
a third-grade teacher in denver , colorado has sparked a sensation on twitter .   many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds , with 92 per cent of the student body qualifying for free or reduced lunch .   a student who said they did n't have pencils at home to do their homework .
leighton aspell 's cheltenham gold cup won his second national in 1974 at under 12st .   11st 9lb on saturday 's grand national will finish highest in the premier league .   trainer oliver sherwood has also had a weight ceiling of 11st 10lb .
part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at formula one 's british grand prix .   images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed .   silverstone says upcoming races will not be affected .
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards and family life '   68 labour mps had also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in the last two years .   shadow health secretary andy burnham and shadow chancellor ed balls are also hiring thousands of workers on their books .   ed miliband said a labour government would require employers to offer a contract .
peter fox , from liverpool , was arrested at euston station this morning .   his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder .   mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .   bernadette and sarah 's family have said they are ` absolutely devastated '
david meyler says he is convinced his side will hang on to premier league status .   tigers are in 15th place , three points off the relegation zone .   hull are currently three points above burnley .
fabio capello claimed john terry should never have been stripped of the england captaincy .   capello said england would be in a stronger position if they still had him .   italian was in charge of racially abusing anton ferdinand .
anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in dorset , burley village in the new forest and north wales .   he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image .   mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness .
adam peaty beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african cameron van der burgh in the same venue at the london aquatic centre .   the 20-year-old from uttoxeter 's time of 57.92 seconds beat the men 's 100 metres breast stroke world record for the 100m breast stroke .   in the women 's competition , fran halsall victory in the open 50m freestyle .
ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways .   empty pool was used as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia .   ten pieces is worn in ten ways .
celtic beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park .   josh kerr scored a mark hill free kick over the line .   rangers keeper robby mccrorie handed celtic the fourth time in eight seasons .
cadbury 's fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on .   they join creme eggs , pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in list of goods .   the price stayed at # 1 in morrisons .
the man who shot himself dead at the universal studios theme park on friday was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend .   last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized ex-girlfriend 's car .   he was said to have shot himself in a secluded part of the theme park .
josh griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half .   salford red devils win a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at huddersfield .   carl forster scored a try and kicked three goals for salford .
rory mcilroy admits he may turn professional before september 's clash with the united states at royal lytham and impressed mcilroy during their practice round on monday .   scotland 's bradley neil invites to the masters and us open in 2015 .   the world no 1 is the amateur champion at the second hole .
dell ` super dell ' schanze , 45 , pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife .   his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime .   schanze was scheduled to go to trial on april 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $ 100,000 in fines if convicted .
in a global ranking of 65 countries , the uk came sixth from last , with only 30 per cent of the population calling themselves religious .   this compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent are ` convinced atheists '   94 % of people in thailand deem themselves religious , with armenia , georgia and morocco on 93 per cent each .   globally two-thirds of people still consider themselves religious .
stephanie scott was buried in an emotional funeral at leeton police station on thursday morning to meet with police officers .   she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son , luke .   vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with the easter sunday murder of ms scott , who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance aaron leeson-woolley .   he will next appear in griffith court by video link on june 4
ronald butcher , a ` private and quiet man ' , left his # 500,000 fortune to daniel sharp .   but his relatives and family insist the will , made just two months before his death , is invalid and say the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher .   mr butcher died at home in enfield , north london aged 75 , his body was not discovered for almost two months .
instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji .   but it is believe the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images .   no posts appear - even if there are posts that have been tagged with it .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jeff the rabbit is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest bunny .   it costs her # 5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples .   the pair both also eat a huge dog bowl full of specialist rabbit food every day .
cell phone footage recorded by a mom in jacksonville , florida , shows a 28-year-old man , dan frank , throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while driving his van .   she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings .   police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 , who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence .
labour leader harold wilson went to the home of bbc director general sir hugh greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats .   mr wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the conservative prime minister alec douglas home .   labour leader approached the bbc directly to delay the show 's repeat broadcast .
violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week , after her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party .   a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find the body parts .   local police charged a 32-year-old suspect , who they say was known to mrs price .
robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years .   his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column .   the duke of bedford said the duke never spoke to the press and was in his bath .
her secret service-provided ` scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport .   she arrived in time to take a 7:00 us airways shuttle to washington , d.c. on the way , to catch a flight with 12 first class seats .   clinton and her entourage flew on a commercial us airways flight on tuesday .
timothy fradeneck was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children .   authorities say fradeneck used a usb cord to kill 37-year-old christine fradeneck and the children , celeste fradeneck and timothy fradeneck iii .   he is also charged with child abuse .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine 's day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine .   she will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for son tommy after using her best friend 's make up brush .   ms gilchrist was airlifted from her country hometown of warwick to brisbane where she underwent emergency surgery .
the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments .   the caf also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation .   morocco can compete in the next two african cup of nations .
jordan spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta .   the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods .   jordan spieth admits he would sleep in the green jacket .
moeen ali was dismissed against new zealand during world cup .   off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during england 's failed world cup campaign .   moeen ali expects to be fit again in time for worcestershire 's match .
anti-discrimination body kick it out revealed on thursday night that italy international balotelli had been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers admits he was ` surprised and shocked ' by the online abuse targeted at the striker .   liverpool striker danny welbeck is another player to be harassed online this term .
the immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb- .   it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie .   the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches -lrb- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -rrb- .   other features include 360 ° head tracking and an ` ultra-wide field of view '
the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina - which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000 .   the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , on domestic violence for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women .   the newspaper was awarded the gold medal for public service , the first time in five years that the award went to an ebola treatment center .
amazon 's jeff bezos tested a vehicle that will take tourists into space .   the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -lrb- 94km -rrb- - four miles short of space - before landing .   the test took place from the company 's launch site in west texas .   new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane , a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide .   up to 15,000 gigatonnes of carbon may be stored in the form of hydrates .   methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change .
dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival .   he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere .   technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt , who killed himself a week ago , said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death .   ` fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt , ' said edith newman , a friend for 30 years .   brandt was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on easter april 5 .
experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online .   professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation -lrb- tdcs -rrb- for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs .   dr martin warns parents against using it on their children .
glenn murray has netted five goals in five games for crystal palace .   murray missed the majority of last season with a cruciate knee ligament .   the eagles striker has scored five in 18 games since returning from injury .
black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .   medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a man 's kidney problems .   the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea , fatigue and body aches .
the chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than # 1,000 per year .   more than a million households lost out when families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit , earners over # 60,000 lost out .   it was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers .
hashim amla is to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches .   amla will replace martin guptill after the new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england .   south africa test captain amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for derbyshire .
abc program lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers .   the federal government will be investing $ 4.1 million on a tv drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from australian shores by boat .   the drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea .
nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1.00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta , for smoking a marijuana joint .   police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams .   also arrested was hanung hermantoro , 25 , a driver for green room .
the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community for the end of an era .   local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service .   they believe meter maids are violating the council 's anti-touting laws .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , ohio during their journey from nova , ohio to pennsylvania .   dozens of concerned drivers called 911 and police pulled over the car .   mitt romney was governor of massachusetts and not the buckeye state .   he came under fire when it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his irish setter seamus on top of his car in a carrier .
bol manyang , one , his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew 's church in werribee on saturday .   their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the crash on april 8 .   sudanese afl footballer majak daw arrived at the church and signed a book of condolences for the children .
ricky woolaston , 35 , tricked his way into students ' homes to steal belongings .   he posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students ' properties .   but he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes .   he was arrested last friday and sentenced to four years in prison .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world .   so ships can pass underneath .   the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi .
andres iniesta has praised manchester united boss louis van gaal .   iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign .   van gaal gave andres iniesta his debut during 2002-03 season .
a burglary suspect arrested at a crime scene in alabama managed to escape by driving off in a police car despite being handcuffed .   the suspect , who has n't been named , was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile , abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot .   the man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser .
sandra malcolm 's body was found at her home in cape town , south africa .   reports in south africa suggest 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her .   mrs malcolm had been planning to return to scotland next month .
tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at walt disney world in florida .   father-of-one terry , 36 , died and his driver was hospitalized after their lamborghini crashed at disney world .   watson crashed the lamborghini gallardo he was driving .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager .   giggs has been van gaal 's assistant since the dutchman took over at old trafford last summer .   giggs had a spell in temporary charge of the english champions .
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $ 4.45 million back in 2009 , and is set to go under the hammer on may 23 .   the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate .   fashion designer collette dinnigan has put her paddington home in one of sydney 's most exclusive suburbs .
justin rose admitted he lost to the better man as jordan spieth won his first masters winner - after tiger woods in 1997 .   spieth became only the fourth player after jack nicklaus , ray floyd and tiger woods to reach 17 under .   the 21-year-old is now the only person to reach 19 under .
huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels , shattered plates and cups .   holidaymakers were due to disembark the carnival spirit on tuesday morning but the storm prevented the vessel from entering the harbour .   passengers from the port in sydney reopened on wednesday but the ship made its way through the harbour to dock .
lin xikun offered to swap places with her when a knife-wielding patient took her hostage .   he threatened a nurse with a knife was caught on film on april 9 , when he walked into a hospital in china .   he had been brought in by police before the night before .
david beckham 's 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech .   amanjena resort amanjena is the first aman resort on the african continent and is located just outside the ancient city of marrakech .   the star is expected to fly out to morocco for a five-star bash with his celebrity friends and family .
mobile phone companies boasted that 4g services would be ` five times faster ' than the existing 3g networks when they launched in 2012 .   but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second .   more than 10 million people have been won over by promises .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed .   one fan , ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at anfield club .   west ham manager feels paying sterling more than # 100,000-per-week deal .   liverpool boss brendan rodgers is keen to keep hold of one of the club 's best players .
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting .   this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if hinckley should be able to permanently live outside st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington .   scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as ` somewhat compatible , ' he admitted he had not met the woman .
daley blind was given a large self-portrait of himself and son together .   the manchester united star posted a picture of the painting on instagram .   his parents gave him a late birthday present in march .
coke has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version .   but since march coca-cola has made the lids on all of them red .   coke life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour , in line with the designs around the middle .
eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson was arrested by police for driving with an invalid licence .   when the authorities of highland oaks middle school in tennessee suspended three of the students for three days .   parent shanna richardson said her son had apologised to the teacher .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder .   he jumped over everything from a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes .   the clip features on interactive tv show world 's most talented .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters .   it is thought edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia .   at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain changed their communication methods since the leaks by snowden .
rory mcilroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 masters on thursday .   mcilroy is hoping to join his third major title and career grand slam at augusta national .   tiger woods , rory mcilroy , gene sarazen and ben hogan are all fans .
the nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve .   the mug weighs a little over one pound -lrb- 454g -rrb- and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional usb cord .   it was designed by michigan-based design hmi and green lama , currently raising funds on kickstarter to fund production of the mug .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel .   she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card .   she has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral , as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple .   reverend colin renwick , led the knot in the 12th century cathedral before a small group of their family members and close friends .   the tennis star announced his engagement in november last year .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   his favourite website tmz is $ 25,000 .   manny pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on monday as part of the big fight .
lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers .   the 30-year-old has been dating golf 's former no 1 since 2013 and has become close with his children .   vonn says daughter sam and son charlie are ` great kids ' and that woods is a ` great father ' vonn has credited tiger .
revlon uk 's new global tag line , love is on , is the first major relaunch in more than a decade .   it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick .   the ad is filmed entirely in black and white .
katherine jenkins and elaine paige will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day .   it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday .   the 1940s-themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 , hosted by chris evans .
the tennessee supreme court postponed execution dates for four inmates .   the courts decide whether current protocols for executions are constitutional .   tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009 .
freeman the cat died in the neighbour 's front garden in tarring , west sussex .   the disabled cat , called freeman , was sitting in its front garden when the dogs pounced , dragging the cat on to its neighbour 's lawn .   ms lynch had owned the rspca rescue cat since 2004 .   the 90-second attack was captured on cctv by a neighbour who passed the footage on to the cat 's owner .
peter quillin had been due to defend his wbo world championship last year .   former title holder , peter quillin , is defending champion next weekend .   lee is also questioned by undefeated russian matt korobov .
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi , who ruled for four years until 1912 .   he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .   puyi became emperor in 1908 when he was two years and ten months old .
gary teale claims st mirren have one of the best pitches in the division .   the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park .   ronny deila said artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit .
87 per cent of australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory .   riley hughes died at just 32 days old after whooping cough .   social services minister scott morrison confirms the government is researching legislation changes .
one in three gp training places remain empty .   10 per cent of patients tried - and failed - to book a gp appointment .   new figures show more than 1,000 gp training posts are vacant .
bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has taken to the airwaves in a final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution .   mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything i have for the rest of my life '   the execution will likely take place in ` death valley ' - a clearing and shot by a firing squad .   sukumaran has nominated his friend christie buckingham , a senior pastor at melbourne 's bayside church .
jeremy kyle show his girlfriend jamie and dawn on an episode entitled : ` my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? '   the couple , known only as dawn , took one of the show 's lie detector tests .   the couple were told to show his love for dawn in his face .   jamie then took their pet dog for a walk with one of dawn 's friends .
the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c -lrb- 75f -rrb- tomorrow .   the delightful weather caused by warm air blowing up from the azores .   forecasters predicted temperatures could reach 24c by tomorrow .
aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , was accused of trying to shield the # 20 horse from cctv as she travelled to work in brough .   british transport police trawled through cctv footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train the previous week .   miss craven was asked how she was on the train and taken away in a police van because she thought it had been left by its owner .
employees spotted the mother and ten ducklings trying to cross the busy high street in sutton coldfield , west midlands .   they ushered the family of ducks out of a back door to safety and they disappeared into a nearby park .   resourcer melissa patrick , 18 , filmed the amusing episode on her mobile phone .
author said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana .   miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes .   duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood .
the singles champions will each receive 1.8 m euros -lrb- # 1.3 m -rrb- , around 150,000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova last year .   the french open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million -lrb- # 20.2 million -rrb- .   the tournament is held at roland garros and the us open -lrb- # 2.03 m -rrb- .
manchester city have met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager 's job .   roberto mancini will leave the club at the end of this season .   borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp quit this week .
` dutch mona lisa ' is also the home of girl with a pearl earring .   the hague is home to holland 's royal and not-too-big mauritshuis .   the art is a village of girl and more .
o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law .   crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .   owner kevin o'connor said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday .
residents in san bernardino county in california were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds .   one shed and one car were engulfed in flames but no homes were damaged by the blaze .   the fire was started in the mojave narrows between apple valley and victorville in california .
wasps no 8 was suspended for three matches after disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion .   nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton .   hughes was shown a red card for the offence but dismissal has now been rescinded .
state-funded school in fulham , west london , was ordered to revise admissions policy last year .   it was cleared of discriminating against poor and non-catholic children .   watchdog accused school of cherry-picking privileged white children .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .   moores , downton and england captain alastair cook will compete in international one-day cricket .   the system is broken and it does fixing if england are ever .
owen farrell is hoping to be fit for saracens ' champions cup semi-final clash against clermont auvergne on april 18 .   the saracens and england international fly-half has been out of action since he suffered a knee ligament injury against clermont in the champions cup .   bath 's george ford scored rbs 6 nations campaign .
london midland has vowed to give police cctv images of a ` disgusting ' passenger suspected of defecating inside a train carriage as it travelled through the birmingham area .   passenger christopher talbot said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service from lichfield trent valley to longbridge .   the service of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas captained spain on tuesday .   the chelsea midfielder was given just four out of 10 at stamford bridge .   his first international appearance since october .
lord janner 's alleged victims could sue him for # 2.5 million after being denied justice for the fourth time in 25 years when the cps refused to prosecute him .   one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages .   beck died in jail in 1994 .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has served the club for almost 40 years .   the bayern munich doctor has been blamed for wednesday night 's 3-1 defeat in portugal .   muller-wohlfahrt claims to have administered more than one million injections .
luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago .   they are due to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .   the couple met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 .
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in april 1975 after telling a friend she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus .   the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared .   ms rees said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide .
the ashton canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company .   it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings .   ashton canal in manchester turned into a giant bubble bath when fire crews saw their water mix with a six foot wall of foam .
the driver and vehicle licensing agency is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies uk plastic photocard licences .   information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the dvla 's database , and will have to be checked online by phone .   motoring groups fear switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms .
amanda burleigh , a midwife at leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust , believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .   since the 1950s , doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce risk of haemorrhage , they have clamped the cord within seconds of birth .   they feared the drug could harm the baby .
carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida .   she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab .   authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds .
manuel pellegrini 's city side humbled at selhurst park on monday to kill off any summer title hopes .   jose mourinho led chelsea to their first league and fa cup double in his first season .   carlo ancelotti 's side have won the premier league in three seasons back in may .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester on friday but has lost his england starting place .   david humphreys ' men take on edinburgh in the final of the european challenge cup .   ed sheeran was told to go away at gloucester .
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei demanded that all sanctions on iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers .   khamenei , the islamic republic 's most powerful figure and has the last say on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the june 30 deadline .   but he warned about ` deceptive ' intentions of the united states .
a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue .   born on january 25 and three months old , the male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo .   the cubs were encouraged by their mother , cara , to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space .
andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season .   zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair .   arshavin spent four years at arsenal between 2009 and 2013 .
gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed .   she said the 46-second call ` reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack '   miss redhead , 33 , was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by her former partner philip kirby .   he was jailed for eight years with a restraining order which banned any contact with miss redhead .
around 20 million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer , up a third from last year .   by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers .   a 33 per cent rise in the number of people struck by hayfever this year could occur .
catherine grove , 28 , initially vanished in july 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in fayetteville , arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the church of wells in texas .   over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking .   grove , a former nursing student , said she was ` seeking the lord ' and was not being held against her will .
steven gerrard is set to start the fa cup semi-final between liverpool and aston villa on sunday .   the 34-year-old will end his long association with the club at the end of this season .   gerrard has been missing all month for seeing red against man united .
amber rachdi , 24 , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman .   but after doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 .   says she used food to eating more healthy food .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond .   a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows saurage directly in the eyes as it could be a scene from crocodile .   the gator was no match for him or his diy barrier .
three men accused of being agents of syrian government executed in video .   barbaric footage shows men kneeling in middle of road in syria .   each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in the street .
the apple watch 1 will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24,000 .   the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for april 24 .   if you want an apple watch battery that lasts longer than a day , better apps and gps .
alastair cook is unbeaten in four tests for england 's second test .   new chief executive tom harrison and colin graves make director .   england captain alastair cook still has the support of his coach , team-mates and selectors .
prosecutor alex poulos called for barry , from belfast to face full-time jail term as it was the ` only appropriate sentence ' after the violent incident in sydney in january .   barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge .   barry could spend up to two years in a sydney jail .
those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity .   fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness .   coney also said he wants people to take one look at an agent think there goes a special agent of the fbi .
sonia morales was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull .   a couple who were told it may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday .   anencephaly occurs between the third and fourth weeks of pregnancy .
gloria ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse .   she was ignored by nurses for more than an hour after she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins , 25 .   mr wilkins called his mother , mrs ross ' daughter maxine , 49 , who pleaded with nurses to step in .
the tangerines ' demotion into the third tier was confirmed on easter monday .   jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead against reading on tuesday .   defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark .
professor stephen hawking was speaking at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk .   but it was a subject that professor hawking had his own theory on saying : ` finally , a question about something important '   the legendary physicist also spoke about the ` theory of everything ' , being diagnosed with als .   professor hawking was asked about former one direction singer zayn malik .
michael and rosalia juskin allegedly killed his wife rosalia , 88 , with an axe while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife on sunday night .   michael juskin is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide .   a relative , who was not inside the home at the time of the killings , discovered the bodies monday morning .
police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a melbourne church which was once presided over by a paedophile priest .   the dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests .   police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes .
misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1 .   the world 's oldest person has died on march 5 , 1898 .   she marred her husband , yukio , in 1919 , and they had two daughters and a son .
police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused .   the fbi confirmed it found images of a ` pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused , which could have been taken ` in america or elsewhere '   officials said the child was seen in one of the photographs wearing blue and white nike velcro sneakers .   he is not suspected of carrying out abuse .
rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday .   dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky since 2013 .   lindsey vonn is best known for sky sports news .
butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers .   the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern .   it is a species of swallowtail butterfly native to eastern north america .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has worked with ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt .   world record holder paula radcliffe has made sure radcliffe will race .   her world record time of 2:15:25 will be radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a protest camp in the months after the military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 .   soltan 's family called for mohamed 's immediate release .   there was no evidence against him .   his father salah soltan was on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months .
more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry .   the young woman said she did n't turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort after her student loan failed to cover her rent .   the university of swansea said five per cent of them had worked in sex industry .
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy .   but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , she learned at the age of 33 that she had dopa-responsive dystonia -lrb- drd -rrb- , a rare , yet treatable , muscle disorder .   jean admitted that there ` plenty of times ' she did n't have to deal with condition .
the last of the riders went through the barrier in northern france about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the end of the so called ` hell of the north ' race .   sncf slammed the riders for an ` extremely grave an irresponsible action ' one rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down .   one rider from the belgian lotto team was clipped by a barrier .
sherrell starred on benefits street alongside white dee .   says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road .   says she feels happiness for her co-star .
ruba khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence .   she was arrested wednesday for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov. rick scott .   the pharmacist said she did not have to abide by u.s. laws because she was being held against her will .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday night .   xabi alonso is the second player to win european football 's top trophy .   alonso won champions league in his first season at liverpool .
harvey weinsten was accused of groping an italian model during a business meeting on thursday .   she was spotted looking chipper relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside the couple 's new york city townhouse on thursday .   chapman even had a photos of her in the design room on thursday .
didier drogba has withdrawn from monday 's ` match against poverty ' in st etienne .   ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in chelsea 's last two games .   drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match .
robin van persie and jonny evans out for six games due to suspension .   dutch forward van persie has been out of action since february with injury .   manchester united 's under 21 side drew 1-1 at leicester .
police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell .   the 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished .   william tyrrell was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in kendall last september .
motorola 's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs # 50 more .   it features a 1.5-inch lcd touchscreen with a thin metal band and is powered by google 's android wear operating system .   it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from o2 stores in the uk on 23 april .
john noble shot himself in the head while waiting in a las vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper .   in the angry and emotional package delivered to the las vegas review-journal on monday he was reportedly upset because he had lost his lifetime free pass to the m resort 's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013 .   he allegedly harassed female members of staff at the resort after the death of his mother .
the final version will be the first real italian espresso machine on the international space station .   on monday a version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the space station aboard a supply capsule .   it will also include 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment .
gibraltar could be the new home of britain 's nuclear submarines .   it could cost # 3billion and take 10 years to complete .   snp want to eject trident from scotland .
scotland 's first minister said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ` kicked around ' by the tories and called on him ` tougher ' and ` bolder '   snp leader nicola sturgeon said westminster politicians were in danger of being ` insulting ' to scottish voters .   snp leader said she had not ruled out confidence and supply deal between labour and snp and labour .   labour leader said at weekend he is ` not interested in deals ' with snp .
the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child in the same way .   the silver coin will be presented in a special white box .   it will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature image of a silver carousel horse .
madison county prosecutors filed paperwork in circuit court charging geraldine jones , 36 , with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement .   police believe fleming , 23 , was lured from her home by jones and the new mother brought serenity with her .   fleming was living with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her three-week-old baby serenity on april 5 .
sean mccabe was diagnosed with cancer in june 2013 .   he was told he was in remission and has rebooked the church for his wedding to his fiancee lisa williams .   he was given the all-clear in september but just two months later he was expected to live for eight weeks .
joseph koetters , a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her .   in the lawsuit , unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship .   koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted .
sam allardyce has confirmed winston reid will be fit for saturday 's match with bottom-club leicester city , but enner valencia will not be available .   valencia missed west ham 's last two games against arsenal and sunderland .   the west ham manager says he is still not match fit .
david potchen robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june , now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged .   the man , who was originally sentenced for a 2000 bank robbery , had been making $ 8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release .   he was on probation in june and served 286 more days before he told judge clarence murray that he would plead guilty only if he
former marine jesse kidder has been praised for ` restraint and maturity ' after he refused not to use deadly force against an armed double murder suspect .   the 27-year-old allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend in new richmond on thursday when they stopped .   he had only been on his ohio police force a year .
millions of petrol and diesel engine cars would be banned from road within 25 years under liberal democrat plans .   nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' that cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .   lib dem leader nick clegg thanked ` go ape ' as part of its proposal .
dustin irons , 26 , has been in prison since december .   he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .   he pleaded not guilty to second-degree assault , unlawful use of a weapon .
newcastle owner mike ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in rangers and loaned the club # 5million .   the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox .   rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association .
the 19-time champion could have ridden cause of causes .   he has ridden him three times before .   he was second at the 2014 irish national winner al co .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday .   on board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine .   it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
england 's delayed flight landed at manchester airport on tuesday .   michael carrick and ross barkley will be back into training .   andros townsend was england 's winner on tuesday night .
the commercial diver was free diving in water four metres deep ; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on rottnest island off australia .   johnny debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray .   mr debnam was killed after a deadly encounter with a stingray .
scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ` foreign dna '   agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species .   this makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism '   it is one of the most important food crops for human consumption .   other sweet potato parts are edible .
simon wood , 38 , took home the tv crown with emma spitzer and tony rodd .   the final followed seven weeks of tough challenges including the ` chef 's table '   cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by italian chef massimo bottura last night .   mr wood is a data from oldham in manchester .
in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life .   if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia .   older people need less sleep as we get older .
lee mcculloch was sent off in the 2-1 win over scottish championship winners hearts at ibrox .   former rangers midfielder paid tribute to gers supporters .   staurt mccall says the captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident .
today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for children 's authors in madrid .   the 42-year-old made a speech before presenting mr manas ' award .   the 42-year-old was a crimson-clad salma hayek , 48 .
homesick sam tomkins insists he will return to wigan when he cuts short his new zealand warriors stay at the end of the season .   wigan announced they could re-sign tomkins on a ` defined salary ' on his return to super league .   tomkins says it would ` be nice ' to resume his wigan career .
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans .   defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark .   jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead .
real madrid beat granada a second goal in the premier league last season .   cristiano ronaldo , karim benzema and gareth bale scored for real madrid .   robert ibanez scored granada 's lead in real madrid .
kristina bewly took her daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september and they have been returning every month since .   each time the new princess bought for her .   her mother kristina , giselle and her .   jacksonville , giselle the beautiful dresses her mother sews for her .
a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed that the more likely its residents were to want a job .   in estonia , one of the least generous , only around 40 per cent of people wanted a job .   in norway , the highest benefits in europe .
the london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek so it is registered on a database .   the council hopes that the collection of dna samples would fit well with new laws requiring all owners in britain to microchip their dogs by april next year .   council leader darren rodwell claims they will clean up the borough .
police in ragusa , port town arrested three men who were at the yacht .   it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 to make the crossing .   the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of # 536,000 .
mauricio pochettino has compared harry kane to gabriel batistuta .   kane moved to two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season .   batistuta was an argentina international and played for roma .
capybara joejoe lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy .   he has almost 60,000 followers on instagram .   the capybara called joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers .
the third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise and showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement .   viewers are introduced to food stylist dagmar who has to prepare the new products for photography .   kfc is 23 billion dollars a year .
scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women .   hedione creates ` sex-specific activation patterns ' in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain .   his aftershave , eau sauvage , contained a potent chemical known as hedione .
elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina .   she was 15 when classmates told her she was the university of south carolina student taylor swift .   taylor 's second album came out when elizabeth was 15 .
more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the new york city 's library hotel .   each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room decorated according to a genre or topic .   rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science .
cancer-killing cocktail of hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees every day found to reduce risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease .   women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash chances of cancer returning by half - if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day .   tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking cancer-causing oestrogen .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van .   the plasterer films himself at the start of the video from his camera phone , the prankster initially films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass over one million views .   liam sandham films his friend liam sandham and films his phone .
anders lindegaard tied the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding .   the manchester united goalkeeper has made just 19 league appearances .   lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 .
argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands coast .   it comes after britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a remote field of the islands .   defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from argentina .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship .   the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims they were ambushed .   mr phillips claims mr phillips , 70 , later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation .
china 's meteorlogical centre issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions .   images show the city of golmud in the country 's north west qinghai province .   the sandstorm was the fourth massive sandstorm struck the north-west of the country this year .
holly littlefield , 16 , pleaded guilty to sending email hoax to blow up school .   she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates .   she was ` crying and distressed ' and struggled to sleep in cell surrounded by ` people on drugs or drunk '   gregory , 15 , also arrested after police were told she had access to holly 's email account .
residents of charleston , south carolina say the shooting of an unarmed black driver walter scott was fleeing from a police officer .   people in the community he served say his bosses considered a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light .   two men pray at the memorial .
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform .   paul downton was sacked as managing director of cricket at surrey .   the trio played 133 tests in the new county cricket season .
amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher .   three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of british student meredith kercher , preston .   preston claims knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa .   cape verde could have played for cape verde as his mother was born on the island .   celtic and sweden legend henrik larsson is from cape verde .
the lincolnshire resort , famous for its giant butlin 's holiday camp and caravan parks , joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property .   billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year .   it is number five among the uk 's holiday home hotspots behind windermere in pembrokeshire .
mo farah will race in birmingham in the first time he 's competed in 1,500 m since 2013 .   the double olympic champion over 5,000 m and 10,000 m will step down in distance for the diamond league event on june 7 .   farah will join a couple other olympic gold medal titles from london 's ` super saturday '   farah and rutherford are set to compete at the anniversary games at the olympic stadium .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as his friend billy flynn , shot him in the head .   flynn was pamela smart 's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request .   randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after june 4 .
parma beat juventus 1-0 in the champions league on saturday .   jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark .   parma were declared bankrupt last month and players have not been paid all season .
mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku 's # 28million move to goodison park last summer .   the striker is only one season into a five-year contract .   roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku .
the shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 .   ricardo zonta has been home to the f1 grid for the grand prix .   the brazilian has won renault of the season since 2004 .
transgender model andreja pejic reveals that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting '   she was advised not to undergo gender reassignment surgery .   one agent said she has been signed as face for beauty brand make up for ever .   andreja was born in gender-confirmation surgery last year .
thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late champions league winner against atletico madrid ` like he had just won the world cup '   the real madrid striker sent home fans in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with two minutes left to play .   hernandez is on loan from manchester united after his late goal at the bernabeu .   real madrid star javier hernandez scored a late goal for real madrid .
the gemini 4 mission in june 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge # 80,000 -lrb- $ 120,000 -rrb- .   one , ed white , was tasked with performing the first us spacewalk , less than three months after soviet alexey leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history .   astronauts on the spacewalk 4 mission were jim mcdivitt and ed white .
chelsea beat roma 4-0 in the youth league final on friday night .   dominic solanke scored a brace and tammy abraham scored for chelsea .   chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk in the final .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fly in from his los angeles base to the mgm grand next week .   carey watched from ringside as mayweather beat shame mosley in 2010 .   pacquiao has long been a fan of mayweather .
london welsh have announced a contract extension for olly barkley .   the 33-year-old won 23 test caps against new zealand in 2008 .   welsh are set to return to the championship next season .
david cameron ate his hotdog with lilli docherty and daughter dakota .   the bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to dorset .   mr cameron said he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters .
lazio beat fiorentina 3-0 at the stadio olimpico on sunday .   antonio candreva and felipe anderson lead roma by a single point .   the giallorossi are 13 points behind juve after 1-1 from 13 games .
landmark developments ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats .   residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council .   bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a ` breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed .
adam rushton , 37 , took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women .   he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection laws by police .   he was acquitted on misconduct and two of data protection rules .
major high street outlet spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 advert campaign featuring monty the penguin .   john lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - a 64cm high ` cambric and cream father christmas sack '   a plywood white wooden led advent house is also priced at # 17.50 on the store 's website .   john lewis is still available to buy half price at # 17.50 .
aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries .   keaton , who was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time , was indicted by a grand jury in february , and taken in monday after she was pulled over for a traffic stop .   the other child in the car was in serious condition but later made a
stuart mccall was booed for an error against raith rovers .   rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players booed by supporters .   rangers captain lee mcculloch hopes mcculloch will be the last player to get booed .
walter smith attended a john hartson foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness .   mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs .   smith spent two spells in charge as manager of rangers .
kevin sinfield was on his debut for sheffield eagles at headingley in 1997 .   the former england star was on the appearance for leeds .   the rhinos were 20-4 in the second half .
david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .   his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   detectives are investigating the alleged killer was living rough .
stan cole , an iraq veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , texas .   he took the footage with his friend while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening .   the wind formations tend not to last much longer than 15 minutes .
200-year-old cledford hall in cheshire knocked down to make way for ` butlins-style ' gipsy camp .   cheshire east council gave proposal to create ` transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families .   plans to spend # 3.2 million will be converted into ` washing and toilet ' facilities .
rand paul admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's ` annoyed ' with both male and female reporters .   paul , who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday .   the freshman lawmaker 's second day as an official 2016 contestant .
a poll of 2,000 britons found 68 per cent hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating .   two in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes .   one in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the right way to do the job .
robert knowles , 68 , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 .   he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth # 50 from h samuel in the city at plymouth magistrates court .   it is believed knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences .
john carver and jonas gutierrez were involved in a disagreement last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad .   newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans .   carver and gutierrez had a bust-up that saw the player to be left out of the squad .
anna moser 's daughter sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover .   she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles .   giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering , moser was confident her daughter would wake up .
the caribbean island , north-east of cuba , was tops in the website 's travellers ' choice awards for 2015 and roatan in honduras .   the best island in the world has been named the second best island on the world by tripadvisor users .   providenciales is one of the world 's best islands .
the fighter jet is some 70 years old and was reconstructed from more than 200 parts .   originally built in 1945 , it was among single-seat bombers rolled out during world war two and later used in the korean war before being retired in the 1980s .   bill and scooter yoak restored the plane as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat .
arsenal face chelsea in fa cup group d clash on sunday .   mesut ozil has scored four goals for arsenal this season .   cesc fabregas , cesc fabregas and mesut ozil all scored for arsenal .
jay has 735,000 followers and alexis an impressive 1.1 million .   their travels take them across the globe from california base to hawaii .   jay has even produced a youtube video to show his lifestyle .
the party said schoolchildren were being exposed to ` propaganda ' from brussels .   ukip was accused of performing yet another u-turn on its immigration policy .   ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier .
police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby .   rio ferdinand was thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
gang broke into sacks and containers around 3.30 am on january 12 .   four teenagers caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window in walsall , west midlands .   the birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog .   three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
jimmy anderson took his record 384th wicket in test cricket for england .   anderson took the wicket of denesh ramdin to claim his 384th scalp and overtake sir ian botham .   west indies captain dennis ramdin caught by captain alastair cook .
the woman in her mid - to late 30s was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt .   she was escorted out of the racecourse when she became ` irate ' after a volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many easter eggs .   more than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on saturday .
jason dufner 's marriage has landed in the rough as he agreed a divorce settlement from wife amanda at the end of last month .   dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf , but the pair separated in february and the divorce was filed on march 31 .   there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage ' and there was ' a parties can no longer live together '   as part of the settlement amanda has been awarded $ 2.5 million
ryan wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest .   wray was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house .   all of the women were under 21 . wray was released on $ 10,000 bail after his arrest .
rfu and stuart lancaster urged to invoke ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause .   england hooker tom youngs also believes clause could create tension in national squad .   steffon armitage has been linked with ` exceptional ' clause .
the two-deck vessel ` flipped ' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side .   hundreds of women and children from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .   no more had been found alive .
leanne kenny , 23 , reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food .   supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate and baked goods .   leanne has shed seven stone and has shrunk down to 13 stone .
tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid .   mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years .   costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons will train a new training academy .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action .   youtube user flying humboldt claims the french bulldog is his .   the 15-year-old said he was with his mother and they left the pet in their suv with the dog 's owner stepping forward .
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour on saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water .   the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers , but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket , the freezing man lost his footing , landing back in the water again .   he was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure .
gold coast city council will be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers , the gold coast bulletin reports .   there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties .   if an illegal party house so the council can enforce laws to shut them down .
the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and the service to stress the persecution of christians .   thousands of people outside the colosseum for tonight 's way of the cross procession in iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china .   pope francis is jailed for easter mass in st. peter 's square on sunday .
steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to head out to middle east next month .   he will make 4,000-mile trip after raising cash to pay for flights .   married father-of-two is set to leave home in devon to fight against isis .
denis budkov , 35 , sat and watched as the mother , who was also lying on the banks of the lake , became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs .   the photographer spent hours watching the young family as they play and snooze in the sunshine .   the bear family have bear-ly a concern in the world .
lewis hamilton won bahrain grand prix in bahrain second practice .   mercedes team-mate nico rosberg and sebastian vettel will face in qualifying .   rosberg and kimi raikkonen were second in the practice .
the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how bill spedding , 63 , who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault , was able to live with children despite claims being made against him .   a court heard spedding raped two girls aged six and three in a caravan repeatedly nearly 30 years ago .   police are expected to lay more charges against spedding and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring .
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury .   gomis came off in the early stages of last weekend 's premier league draw with everton and scans have now .   the frenchman hopes to return for the visit to arsenal on may 11 .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california .   footage shows her licking the infant as he tries to fend her away with his hands .   gemma shows no signs of moving on .
newcastle interim manager john carver says newcastle 's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club .   fans group ashleyout.com are encouraging supporters to ` stand up to ashley ' when swansea visit st james ' park on saturday .   carver says his players were affected by protest during 3-1 loss .
toto wolff says nico rosberg and lewis hamilton may have to make ` an unpopular call ' for their drivers in light of ferrari 's revival this season .   the british driver won the chinese grand prix after his mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton was driving .   wolff 's remark also turned on hamilton during post-race press conference .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister 's friend 's house in melbourne earlier this year , when a neighbour 's pitbull attacked the little girl .   the dog 's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was handed $ 1500 fine by the court .   it was a week after alexis had been bitten on the left side of her face with gashes from her middle forehead .
jake castner , from victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts .   on his fourth day on the run jake castner said ` we do n't talk to police ! '   the 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences .   castner claimed he had ` iphone 4s locked ' for sale on his facebook page .
the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight .   one year olds to the palawan wildlife rescue & conservation centre in southern philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species .   there are only about 250 philippine crocodiles left in the wild .
bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home on june 6 , 2011 , with a dictaphone which had recorded her ` suicide note '   gail o'rorke has pleaded not guilty at dublin circuit criminal court to three charges .   she is also alleged to have helped ms forde plan her funeral .   in the first trial of ireland , the carer has been charged with helping her to kill .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america .   visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office and school .   the plot was claimed by the national park rangers in 1975 .
the four fans labelled themselves the ` c-team ' while wearing jose mourinho , diego costa , didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks to hide their identity before parking up outside arsenal 's north london home .   the group of chelsea fans stormed arsenal 's emirates stadium this week .   one of the men said : ` in 2004 , a portuguese general as the special one put together a crack commando unit .
zachary davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother 's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home to also kill his elder sibling josh .   davis is charged with first-degree murder , attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson .   his mother melanie davis , 46 , was killed with a sledgehammer while she was sleeping in her bed .
prime minister admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during the election campaign address in croydon .   he was pulled up on the error after the speech which read from an autocue .   he said he 's always claimed to be an aston villa fan .
borussia dortmund have revealed tomas tuchel will take over in july on a three-year deal .   klopp revealed he was leaving dortmund at the end of the season after seven years .   tuchel is the successor to jurgen klopp .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain with a friend in revelstoke , canada , with a camera mounted to his helmet .   the skier was caught up in an avalanche .   skiing off to the mountain , the skier can make his helmet .
team at stanford university school of medicine believe antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body .   antibody injection could ` wipe out cancer ' by rooting out and eradicating both primary tumours and distant metastases .   new study has been hailed a ` tour de force ' .
usain bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead .   the jamaican sprinter said he needs to be ` perfect in training ' and ` eating right is a part of training '   bolt said eating a mcdonald 's wrap in the race was ` killing me '   the 28-year-old is now notorious for his love for chicken nuggets , vegetables and guinness .   he is now the fastest man on the race .
just a quarter of voters think ed miliband ` comes across as wanting to win the most ' when compared to david cameron .   only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most , compared to 43 per cent who believe ed miliband is most up for the fight .   snp leader nicola sturgeon was the second happiest leader on 16 per cent .
the irish student allegedly raped by jason lee , a wall st banker in the hamptons told how she used ` every ounce of strength left inside me ' to throw him off .   lee , 38 , has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted .   the alleged rape happened in the summer of 2013 when the victim was in america for the summer on a j-1 exchange visa .
couples sign a renewable marriage contract , known as a ` wedlease ' , would work better for many couples .   in her new book , she claims that the traditional marriage model in our culture ` sets up too many people for failure '   couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ` two , four or more years '   relationship counsellor susan pease gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure .   the couple decide whether they want to go their marriage .
female owner of tennessee property charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday .   the dogs were locked up in cages in a barn in manchester , tennessee .   some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine .
navinder sarao , 36 , lived in his parents ' home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds .   his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london .   he is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions on the wall street ` flash crash ' of 2010 .
ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in libya has become a shame .   but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator .   about 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat overturned migrants on sunday .
muhammadu buhari said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home but said he could not promise they would find them .   a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok .   it is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by boko haram militants .
hundreds of tourists evacuated from warwick castle after a flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building during a display .   holidaymakers , many with young children had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from the wooden trebuchet - the largest working siege machine in the world .   sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse , causing it to erupt into flames at 5.45 pm .
arsenal beat middlesbrough 3-2 at the riverside stadium on monday night .   deyan iliev failed to clear george dobson 's back pass .   alex iwobi scored his sixth goal in his last four games .
mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster .   the information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram , which provides a colourful view of the earth 's land mass .   the tallest point in the world still stands at 29,029 feet .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses .   these include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and administering morphine .   more than half of home carers have not been trained in working with dementia patients .
celtic have placed former rangers defender wilson on a list of potential summer recruits .   neilson admitted external interest in his promoted players is inevitable .   tynecastle coach says departures will only happen on his say-so if price is right .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former assistant elementary school principal lisa webb first sent her three-year-old to school in france in 2009 .   she and her husband were 20 minutes to play for one week .   in 2009 , lisa is the author of expat mom .
from the indiana ` ghost cane ' to the death of 17 people close to cooley , jacob cooley murdered a slave .   four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ` chair of death ' now in philadelphia .   mary anderson 's grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in indiana .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , are a ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in australia .   the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon .   stacey eden overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .
porto beat bayern munich as the only undefeated side in the champions league .   julen lopetegui says his side ` has n't stopped growing '   porto train at dragao on wednesday night and will be a clash of the tournament .   pep guardiola 's side have now won champions league quarter-finalo .
smoked poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed .   it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings .   it is used as a holiday home by residents between may and november .
ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' was built in 1393 in china 's northern hebei province .   restoration of the fortress will see restoration of ming and qing era commercial .   wall martial museum was protected by 12-metre wall .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on saturday .   eden hazard scored the only goal at stamford bridge to move the league leaders .   jose mourinho says the race is not over .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts '   mr besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ` isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony following the raids .   the duo were ` associates ' of abdul numan haider , who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a melbourne police station on september 23 .   police seized a number of knives and swords
lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , was crowned world champion in his age group last year .   each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , has already been trampled on several times .   bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the us and events staged by the pbr .
real madrid have appealed against the yellow card for diving in the penalty area .   cristiano ronaldo was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box .   ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga .
adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final .   the goalkeeper had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final .   the 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game .
arsene wenger 's side face reading in the fa cup last week .   alexis sanchez scored his second goal for arsenal at wembley on sunday .   but chelsea wo n't have the title race next year .
sydney 's shire , topshop and topman is set to launch a second store in nsw at westfield miranda on thursday 16th april .   the brand will pull out all stops , chauffeuring fashion influencers in london black cabs in the lead up to the event .   an exclusive breakfast will be hosted by australian beauty and australia 's next top model judge cheyenne tozzi .
ed miliband 's ` sexy grey tie ' looks at last night 's debate .   ed miliband , 45 , likened miliband to hansel about his hair .   holly ashby said miliband is ` talking to me and you sexy beast '   one fan said no one had said miliband 's hair is hot .
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas in istanbul .   the young england international spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county .   liverpool winger jordon ibe in his squad to face newcastle on monday .
arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test about his favourite football club .   saskia 's feedback she ` could have performed better on q17 '   alexis sanchez is arsenal the best team to ever grace english football .   saskia scored 87 per cent in a school exam .
vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in rumburk .   maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august , but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 .   all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital .
natalia moon learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family .   the darwin woman moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia .   natalia moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the philippines .
graziano pelle has backed pelle to go on a run during the final eight games of the campaign .   the former feyenoord star remains confident despite not scoring in his last 13 premier league games .   pelle last scored in the premier league against everton on december 20 .
the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll .   they say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ` like a mini-internet '   the brain operates in a similar way , the internet .   then connect with larger , regional networks and with the backbone of the internet .
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment .   as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk .   vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship .   the couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin .   he claimed mr phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with the crutch .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his # 2million home to his children .   his flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year .   police raided his westminster office , three months after they had swooped on his home .
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket if he is confirmed as paul downton .   the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart .   vaughan is one of the favourite men in cricket .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home .   he smashed up his car with a hockey stick in front of young children .   he then ripped away a fencing panel from a garden and chased the victim 's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off .
footage of the incident took place in cloverdale , east perth , on saturday afternoon .   wa police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences .   she verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it .   she has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee .   she removed her artificial limb as a part of her routine .
robin van persie is a target for serie a sides juventus and inter milan this summer .   the manchester united striker has been out of the picture during the club 's rise up the table with an ankle ligament injury .   van persie has still managed 10 goals this season .
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in california .   the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco .   the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us .
the woman , who was with three friends , is believed to have lost her footing .   two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out .   she was pulled to safety by her friends after she disappeared under the water for several seconds .
lee thompson 's 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the tsunami in japan .   on one of his company 's vietnam & cambodia tours , the flash pack 's lee thompson captured the man with live chickens .   in vietnam , more than 37 million motorbikes .
coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night .   liverpool sold suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer .   brazil international signed new five-year contract with liverpool .
colby ramos-francis , 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid .   his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery .   but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour .
number of australians visiting bali was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year .   indonesia institute president ross taylor says legislation proposed by two islamic parties .   proposed ban on alcohol in indonesia could deter australians from holidaying in bali .
royal enthusiast margaret tyler , 71 , could be in for long wait as duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away .   mrs tyler was only member of public to attend inquest into death of princess diana in 2008 .   john loughery , 60 , has been present for last 10 years .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in uefa youth league tie .   defending under 21 premier league champions and holders of fa youth cup .   jose mourinho 's side face manchester city in their fifth final in six years .
john and carolyn jackson forced some of the children to drink hot sauce and were n't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family .   child , now in his teens , is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution .   the jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children .
the duchess of cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week .   the 33-year-old royal 's baby is expected before the end of april , but later claimed to be as early as wednesday last week .   kate - who plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from the glasgow club in the early hours of sunday morning without collecting her coat after telling friends she was going to the loo .   cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in kelvindale .   but fears over the irish student 's safety were heightened yesterday after police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect .
ryan bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton so far this season .   the southampton left back to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their cars .   bertrand and southampton sit sixth in the premier league on saturday .
tonya stack ` flipped me the bird as soon as she spotted him at the event in philadelphia .   he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky liquid at him .   boyle and lt gov mike stack have been at the center of a political struggle over who will take over the seat in pennsylvania 's state senate .
ivan milat was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw .   he has been locked up in goulburn 's supermax jail for almost 20 years .   shipsey says he has released the book of his uncle 's letters for ` those who want to read the facts '   shipsey is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey .
detectives investigating the hatton garden gem heist missed the most crucial cctv footage so far until it was flagged up by a shocked worker more than one week later .   the worker was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker based 50ft from the crime scene .   it comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on good friday - four days before the raid was discovered .
the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner .   later the queen , joined by the duke of edinburgh , prince william and political leaders led the nation during a ceremony at the new zealand memorial service .   prince charles was in turkey with prince harry .
real madrid 's international stars reunited on wednesday as they took part in their first training session since the international break .   cristiano ronaldo returned to the club 's valdebebas training ground after portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against serbia on sunday .   ronaldo scored in real 's 2-1 defeat at the nou camp last month .
lazio will face juventus in the coppa final on june 7 .   lazio will try to win for the eighth consecutive game in serie a .   juve are third in the standings , 15 points behind juve .
kendra moad followed her grandfather , who has not been named , out of the house as he pulled his truck forward so he could move some garbage cans .   he did not see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her .   kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived .
lindsey vonn won the augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia on thursday to cheer on her boyfriend tiger woods .   the 30-year-old 's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice .   vonn has had two major knee surgeries in recent years .
graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas .   the owner of the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no cost to his favourite , boxer manny pacquiao .   zach yonzon uses froth milk as the face of the filipino boxer into a cup of coffee .
jamaican reggae artist marley was a multi-million-selling artist .   hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the final game of this season at carlisle .   officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from hartlepool fans and urged carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to ` black up ' for the season .
aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to arrive on schedule to play for yorkshire in the summer .   finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals .   mumbai captain rohit sharma said finch 's injury ` looked bad ' but it was .
jack nicklaus was nicklaus ' first in the par-3 contest at augusta national .   the golden bear is the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963 .   he is one of five men to win career grand slam .
audrey bolte told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive .   prosecutors allege that hubers shot poston because she was trying to break up with her .   hubers is charged with murder in the shooting death of her boyfriend , ryan poston .
newcastle are set to strip fabricio coloccini of the captaincy this summer .   former argentina defender coloccini has been skipper since 2011 .   john carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season .
liam treadwell has been booked to ride monbeg dude in crabbie 's grand national .   the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides .   monbeg rode venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome to victory .
harry kane made his england debut as a substitute on friday against lithuania .   andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in 1-1 draw with italy in turin .   townsend said he ` should be nowhere near the england squad '   click here for more andros townsend news .
veronica ` roni ' gonzalez and her fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble .   four were killed instantly in the collision .   one later died in hospital from their wounds .
stephen dodd took asif bodi and abubakar bhula at anfield last month .   the game was captured on a mobile phone camera by liverpool supporter stephen dodd .   he posted pictures of two muslim supporters to half-time in fa cup match .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in their premier league clash .   louis van gaal 's side face everton in the world cup at stamford bridge .   radamel falcao and john terry scored in the first half of the game .
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington .   police say the mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife .   mother was then tied to a cupboard in the garage while the boy was taken inside the home .
two years ago , miss sturgeon said of the independence vote : ` we have always said it 's a once in a generation thing '   she said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may .   but last night , in an election debate on scottish tv .   ms sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out .
jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on april 19 .   but when the runner finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it .   mr matthews spent 40 minutes driving through the area of manchester united 's old trafford ground and found it safe and sound in an office car park .
shae-lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday .   their original video , ` bohemian carsody ' and the follow-up , ` mime through time , have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including youtube and facebook .   number five on the list was to ` be on ellen ' in march .
kenwyne jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes of his bournemouth debut and rescue a point from the game against ipswich .   bournemouth 's players mob jones and freddie sears scored for bournemouth at portman road after six minutes .   the match was the 82nd minute for jones .
eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern california desert .   the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot after he falls off the horse , and they stun him with a taser . he falls to the ground before standing up .
the search began on queensland 's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs .   snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia '   mr harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found ` within a month ' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant
manuel pellegrini 's side fight for fourth place at manchester city .   pep guardiola , carlo ancelotti and andre villas-boas were all impressed .   bayern munich coach joan laporta and sandro rossell were head coach .
emergency eu summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers .   within days , british warship hms bulwark and berlin are expected to be sent to the region .   prime minister david cameron is not planning to bring any migrants back to the uk .
study by kärcher revealed six in ten working brits are too busy to clean their homes each week .   one in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far .   fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows .
the body of izzat ibrahim al-douri was today delivered to the ministry of health in baghdad .   al-douri was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after the offensive to overthrow saddam and had $ 10m bounty on his head .   al-douri , 72 , was reportedly killed near tikrit , where he was working alongside isis militants .
prime minister said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on the economy .   he said labour 's ` disastrous ' plans for higher taxes would risk people 's lives .   tories will unveil separate manifesto for small businesses .
stoke city manager mark hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the britannia stadium for next season .   the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league .   ten clubs currently meet the regulation size .
hillary rodham clinton allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation .   clinton 's chief complaint about republicans is that they ca n't stop talking about her .   it 's me : little more than political attacks .
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 8kg and one metre in length , in the waterways of western australia .   a lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish , so they prey on them and compete for habitat , dr david morgan , the director of the centre for fish and fisheries research at murdoch university .   ` our native fish are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows . '
joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday .   she is in her late teens or early 20s , began operating under the name rio bravo .   she also donned a kevlar jacket beneath a gold necklace .
the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon .   the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on the west front of the capitol building .   authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection .
hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation .   in 2004 astronomers first found the ` cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere .   the research was carried out by the institute for astronomy at the university of hawaii at manoa .
piers morgan has announced his intention to leave borussia dortmund in the summer .   klopp will be available from june and .   borussia dortmund have struggled in the bundesliga .
neil macgregor , 68 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave .   he ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster .   the museum in great russell street has lead since 2002 .
tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafreed , 47 , at their home on july 20 , 2014 .   marion county prosecutor 's office filed the request for life without the chance of parole for degrafreed .   mrs degrafreed 's son , jordan yarbro , was also injured in the incident when degrafreed allegedly stabbed him in the chest before fleeing the scene .
married couple john and karen copleston claim paul phillips , 67 , ` constantly harassed ' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their # 210,000 house in poole , dorset .   retired mr phillips , the treasurer of the local neighbourhood watch scheme , accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land .   but on friday he was dismissed by three-year restraining order .
the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks .   at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air .   the derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak .
us army staf sgt julian mcdonald has welcomed 4-year-old layka , a belgian malinois , into his columbus , ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years .   layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt. mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47 .   layka and mcdonald 's son liam have become best friends and they play daily .
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home .   officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag .   tony hunt , from derby , accused police of lack of humanity .
april 26 , 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion .   in 1986 , reactor 4 in the chernobyl power plant exploded .   nearby ghost town of pripyat , ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest .
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager .   petr cech has been a star at the back for real madrid for 10 years .   sergio ramos has captained chelsea during 11 years at the club .
hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston in london last night .   her bmw m3 sportscar knocked her down before she was knocked down .   one of the children is believed to have suffered a broken wrist .
manager louis van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick .   michael carrick has been impressed with carrick .   manchester united have yet the search for michael carrick 's replacement .
idea of having another referendum on scotland 's future in the uk before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters .   comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the snp wins 2016 holyrood elections .   ms sturgeon has criticised david cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on europe .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election win for barack obama .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about the cost of living .   he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend .   hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her .   hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ` vain ' about his looks .
robert bates , from tulsa , oklahoma , mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of a taser and shot dead a fleeing suspect says the mix-up could have happened .   the reserve deputy appeared on the today show on friday , just days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter .   he recalled how he had been in his car amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation .
travel , who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year , have decided not to take bookings to nepal until may 11 .   those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip .   intrepid group has been running tours to nepal for 36 years .
stefania la greca is a political candidate for the scottish national party .   the italian political candidate has posted photos of herself in bikinis .   but the 36-year-old says she has not posted pictures of her in swimwear .   ms la greca wants to represent caldoro in southern italy .
footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia , and shows a man asleep on the conveyor .   passengers have a snooze on the airport floor and the swinging motion of the conveyor make it an snooze .   the man was in the x-ray scanner when he fell asleep on luggage belt .
russell ` rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial , claiming it was the ` cruelest thing he had ever witnessed '   he said her actions were ` completely a result of her illness '   andrea yates was said to be suffering from postpartum depression when she drowned her children in 2001 .   she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison .   she had been diagnosed with postpartum psychosis .
scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water .   recording the bird in slow motion , the pelican looked majestic at this point in the clip .   footage was captured in santa barbara , california by video maker scott kaiser .
alondra luna nunez is back with her real family after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week .   she pleaded with the officers , who were working for interpol , not to take her from her parents .   alondra used every ounce of her energy to fight mexican federal police officers .   garcia says she found alondra after she traveled to mexico in search of her daughter who was illegally taken from texas by her father in 2007 at age four .
superyachts can sell for more than # 50million , while others cost # 400,000 a week to charter .   one superyacht owner threw a party with two live siberian tigers on board .   henry smith , a yacht yacht with cecil wright , sales and charter clients .
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 .   she wrote words like ` ugly ' and ` phony ' on the board to describe their classmate .   it only stopped when the girl started crying .
the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade .   bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series .   about 8.1 million people on average have watched each episode .
a former weber county court clerk has won a sexual harassment lawsuit against a former judge who wrote a love poem to her .   storey was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010 , when a new ogden justice court opened .   storey testified that he never intended for her to find or read the poem .
will stack , 22 , a u.s. army national guardsman , has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color '   he was stopped by the cop for ` improper use of the median ' on wednesday .   in the footage , a young african-american man has released disputing his own experience with a ` caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county .   ` there are good cops out there ' , he said .
aaron murphy scored twice in a 38-14 super league victory against catalans dragons .   former wakefield wildcats star murphy , 27 , has scored six tries in his last five appearances .   wardle was suspended for last week 's defeat by st helens .
dougie freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal to remain at nottingham forest .   freedman has impressed at the city ground since he replaced stuart pearce .   freedman is on a contract with nottingham forest in february .
coachella fans run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , norovirus , salmonella , and hepatitis a. sick concert .   coachella new private stalls could still be harboring germs .   coachella is a verifiable hotbed of viruses and bacterial infections .
dr giorgi-guarnieri said hinckley should be allowed to start the band but not perform publicly .   he spends 17 days a month at his mother 's virginia home in virginia .   hinckley 's lawyers said mental illness drove hinckley to shoot the president .
kristen lindsey from brenham , texas , allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow .   but a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be .   domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks .
the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition .   patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit .   but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico in california .   claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who then hit him with a baton or stick .   reardon claims he was subjected to violence ` without provocation ' and suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital .
greg dyke says there will be no repeat of fa 's failure to deliver research into links between head injuries and early on-set dementia .   the football association chairman admits his response to jeff astle 's death aged 59 in 2002 , from ` industrial disease ' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football .   west brom striker saido berahino wore astle 's no 9 shirt during the premier league match at the hawthorns .
the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards .   when claudia winkleman replaced sir bruce forsyth as co-host of strictly come dancing , sceptics thought she would struggle to fill his shoes .   the mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month 's awards with ant and dec .
juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday .   andrea pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury .   arturo vidal and fernando llorente will be hoping to start in quarter-final .
a 13-year-old maryland boy provided firefighters with instructions during a 911 call and got himself and his little sister rescued after his family 's home caught fire on sunday morning .   the boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room because it was too hot to get out through the hallway .   marcus was rescued along with his 9-year-old sister .
former tory party chairman hit out at david cameron for not being a ` real man ' with ` real depth of experience '   he said the prime minister had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television .   lord tebbit said cameron 's campaign tactics were pushing people into the arms of a labour-snp government .   lord tebbit , a former airline pilot , criticised mr cameron 's tactics .
blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family before their championship game against reading .   frank knight , 67 , posted an apology on his social network account last week .   knight said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to the sky bet championship club .
james wilson says england captain rooney practices his free kicks every day .   the 19-year-old has scored one premier league goal this season .   wilson says he would want robin van persie 's movement and radamel falcao 's instincts .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai .   the youngster , who was on the second day of a holiday , was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival .   her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds .
richie benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests .   benaud was a voice of cricket for his dry wit .   richie was one of cricket 's stars .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday march 14 in grafton , nsw .   her son zac , husband john , ms edwards and her third son josh .   ms edwards has no history of mental illness police are treating the investigation as a homicide .
wasps beat london welsh wasps ' hunt for the first time in 2015 .   tom varndell scored welsh 's second try of the match in the second half .   wasps will finish bottom of the table next season .
2 million more people are in work , according to recovery of uk since ten years ago .   david cameron , george osborne and tony blair are supporting the party .   they say they do n't want to see how businesses work .
a group of nevada sex workers , hookers for hillary , have come out in favor of democratic contender hillary clinton for president .   the legal brothel was the subject of hbo 's cathouse series , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement .   ` hillary clinton , as part of her husband 's work on health care reform , foreign relation experience , tax reform and government oversight on public health issues , ' he said .
lewis hamilton accused mercedes team-mate hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow .   mika hakkinen says nico rosberg win a third consecutive grand prix .   hamilton beat hamilton to claim his second win of the season and fourth in china .
beatrize carrion-moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment .   the bar manager said she had a similar problem with carrion-moore , 23 , the week before .   she was charged with aggravated battery and resisting an officer without violence .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach .   metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year .   he was awarded the silver star for shooting down several japanese aircraft the next year as a tail gunner on a b-17 bomber .
fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts .   she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage .   she was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in succession .   a hat-trick in the london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper .   judges gave the award to the mail ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday .
watford striker troy deeney won championship 's player of the month award for march .   watford are currently one point behind championship leaders bournemouth with five games left to play .   deeney is the top of the premier league .
mike whitehead was standing against labour 's alan johnson for the tories in hull .   he claimed he was joining ukip after becoming ` disgusted ' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area .   the tories said they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor .
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united after he cracked three ribs during the club 's u21 clash with leicester on monday .   the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer .   his damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks .
leeds president massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of saturday 's match against charlton .   mirco antenucci and edgar cani were to withdraw from the squad on the eve of the trip to the valley .   cellino has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy .
pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue supporting pelvic organs .   complications include ` full ' feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence .   up to half of women are thought to suffer three months of recovery .
store front of brixton branch covered in shattered glass while ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' was spray painted in black across their housing .   one man arrested on suspicion of criminal damage .   thousands of people turned up for event organised by group .
steven finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .   finn is the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   finn has spent time since world cup at brondesbury cricket club .
former mayor lutfur rahman said there was deep-rooted racism within the east london borough of tower hamlets .   his comment was at odds with a legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud and found he had ` played the race card ' to silence critics .   political opponents said they were playing the same ` cracked record ' by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems .
andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by partners montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel .   schurrle and yorke attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children 's hospital .   bayern munich to 3-0 win against eintracht frankfurt .
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks in 2012 .   daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal .   ` did you make mistakes ? ' the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. .
queen elizabeth i tried to ban them but could only be sold on friday at christmas and for burials .   they have been prime easter fare since .   the move was made so she thought the cross was a catholic .
manchester city beat chelsea 3-1 at upton park on friday .   dan potts scored the opener to set west ham on their way .   patrick vieira 's side were under 21 premier league title .
study by psychologists at university of missouri found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander .   in an experiment with puppets they responded to different scenarios in a way they had ` strong feelings about how people should deal with a character who hits others '   the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air .   they
the monuments of kathmandu are recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture .   several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday .   more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed yesterday .
john terry was on hand to prod home from close range against leicester on wednesday night .   the chelsea captain scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester .   terry 's strike at the king power stadium was his seventh goal for chelsea this season .
andre gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity .   he says he became curious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image .   he claims that the ` bunker ' could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker .
the show is called ` the runner-up , ' a reference both to ths election and to his finish in the second season of american idol .   the 51-year-old congresswoman captured 58.8 per cent of the vote on her way to a third term , compared with aiken 's 41.2 per cent .   ellmers was a former state secretary of commerce and a political veteran .
around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .   the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion .   ` it 's good clean fun , ' said tara o'hara of chicago .
sofia , the daughter of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia has said she is trying to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .   sofia has found the daughter at the end of some cruel criticism .
jamie peacock scored a try double for leeds against salford on sunday .   salford 's last home win against rhinos was a 20th successive victory in a row .   salford prop had not scored twice in the first half to help super league table toppers .
the woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this loveland , colorado , shopping center on thursday before she was locked inside her trunk .   the woman said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her .   at one point , the woman told the dispatcher and he had a gun .
ed miliband read from motivational notes during the leaders ' clash .   his cribsheet prompts him to turn a ` negative ' into a ` positive '   reveals he had planned a number of the put-downs with david cameron .   labour leader urges himself to talk to camera and ` use people at home '   tory mp charlie elphicke said ` happy warriors ' ca n't be used .
actor kit harington , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors .   aidan turner is captain ross poldark in the hit hbo fantasy series game of poldark .   the irish actor 's hbo success is all over sunday night .
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey .   as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce .   it was noted for its better-than-average prices .
rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster .   mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas .   co-pilot andreas lubitz was able to override a security system on flights after 9/11 attacks .
indonesian officials probing labor abuses told migrant workers they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety .   more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip .   they were kept like slaves at the compound of pusaka benjina resources fishing company in benjina , aru .
amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claims that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine .   on april 27 , gupta attended a match on roosevelt island .   he is suing gupta 's lawsuit .
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn .   the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .   the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures .
cbs political analyst john dickerson has been announced as the new host of face the nation .   dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years , four of them as white house correspondent .   he has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign , the obama presidency and his second run at the white house in 2010 .
peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent .   the catamavan has an oven , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables .   it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua on monday .   bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 .   kevin pietersen is 71 not out .
the crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest , northern sydney at a traffic light intersection .   a 1973 e-type jaguar has been involved in a crash with a toyota kluger .   all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world .   her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs .   ms raunigk is in the 21st week of her pregnancy .
marine le pen , 46 , took over from her father in 2011 .   says it shows her party 's brand of political change is attention on both sides of the atlantic .   leader of france 's 100 most influential people .
arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the ` respect he deserves ' when he returns to the emirates stadium in the blue of chelsea on sunday .   wenger called for the removal of a fabregas banner from the ken friar bridge .   wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception .
tony pulis face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday .   the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .   ramsey says pulis is one of the best british coaches in britain .
the ulusaba game reserve in south africa is sir richard branson 's private reserve .   with 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in africa last year , the african bush has been on safari .   danny is a bush lion and a hippo .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine .   alcohol is the best indication of a person 's drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy .   technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition .
richard williams had spent # 50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope .   captain birdseye lookalike was jailed at manchester crown court for a total of four years and eight months after admitting cheating the taxman out of over # 1million by reclaiming vat from three false businesses .   laurel howarth , 28 , jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam .
jimmy fallon has been lambasted for her stand-up routine on thursday .   she 's the ` closet comedian ' on thursday .   madonna 's had an mare of it on live tv .
anthony joshua dropped gavern twice in the second round and twice more in the third on saturday night , but still was n't at his best .   joshua stopped the american jason gavern in his 50th fight with a stress fracture in his back .   gavern admitted he was dropped twice in second round .
professor ninian peckitt is accused of punching a patient in the head .   witnesses said he had ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment .   he faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself , police say .   one man said he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment .   witnesses say she thought the body was fake and believed it was a ` halloween prank .
the clinton foundation and clinton health access initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors .   republican presidential candidate ted cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments .   her campaign team calls these claims ` absurd conspiracy . theories '
daniel sturridge was left in stitches by an impersonation of michael owen .   the england international met up with comedian darren farley as part of promotional video .   owen has specialises in mimicking a number of anfield stars both past and present .
francis bakvis discovered a dead scrub python in clifton beach , queensland .   it was n't until bakvis tried to move the long snake that its body broke open .   he had never seen pythons on his clifton beach property in 15 year of living .   scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long .
tipu sultan was gunned down shortly before 10pm last night at the back of the herbs n spice takeaway that he ran in south shields .   emergency services found mr sultan was originally from bangladesh with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene .   a father-of-two has been named locally as a takeaway boss who has shot dead outside his shop .
david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people .   they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable .   they said they could never be honest with people about personal information because then no one would answer calls .
alaa abdullah esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year .   her tweets also included ` mother of the martyr ' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad .   she posted around 127 messages a day to her instagram account .
oprah 's emmy award-winning tv series featured on super soul sunday .   mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults .   children are described as showing that ` you 're never too old , or too young , to discover mindfulness and let anger go .
max verschuuren , 21 , has been hunting all his life - but on saturday he accidentally became the hunted when his friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle .   the new zealand hunter blasted his back open .   ` all of a gun shot , ' mr verschuuren said .
eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in list .   everton goalkeeper tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton .   manchester united beat aston villa 1-0 at old trafford on saturday .
andras janos vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week after grooming hungarians online then keeping them captive in new york city and miami .   he faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison - and will spend at least 21 behind bars .   three of vass 's victims testified against him at the trial .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , led a ` family business ' that saw her and two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north .   their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in four months , had detailed sales records and even a debters ' book .   at newcastle crown court last year judge sean morris jailed bainbridge for 30 months , her daughter claire bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte at about midday on sunday .   she was driving a friend 's car in mount gambier in south australia 's southeast .   ms osterkamp was due to return to naracoorte at naracoorte conservation park .
the director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series .   but the emails show doctor who 's creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation .   messages from andrea wong were among 173,000 hacked by north korea .
the eu 's top antitrust authority is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them .   if found to have been behaving unfairly could be more than # 4 billion based on last year 's performance .   the eu has been investigating the us search engine for five years .
alberto bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season .   bueno played for derby on loan five years ago , but with five goals in 29 games have come from bueno .   bueno are ready to poach him at the end of the season .
flir systems inc. has agreed to pay $ 9.5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission .   the company earned more than $ 7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts .   two employees in flir 's dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009 .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .   the clip shows the device almost touching the floor .   four years on .
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration .   in some cases , the government will not be able to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list and a second time for an unclassified explanation of national security concerns .   the changes do n't go far on a list of thousands of people banned from flying to .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked .   ramsey believes that a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the ` covert ' issue .   ramsey is the only black manager in the premier league .
holly leonard , a homeless woman from san francisco , has spent time in jail and in a women 's refuge .   she found the advert on craigslist using a google phone she was given to allow her to get online .   the bay area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s. .
barcelona 's first-leg of the tie will take place at parc des princes .   defender adriano says barcelona players must be at their best .   barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday .
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot .   he was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel .   he has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film deadpool .
charlie adam scored the best goal of his career at stamford bridge .   the stoke midfielder scored one of the goals in premier league .   west ham are ninth in the standings .
holidaymakers can expect from biometric scanning to ipad-controlled hotel rooms .   by 2030 , digital hotels will have an ` e-agent ' of jewellery .   travel experience will be more personalised in years .
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat .   a 15-minute boat ride from paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro .   ilha beach protected from the open ocean on the stunning bay of angra dos reis .
the former concentration camp , in oświęcim , poland , is becoming a popular tourist destination .   it said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year .   the memorial site today urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that .
landlord richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from the lounge area of the admiral rodney .   he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return .   the wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast , benidorm despite only going missing a month ago .
the seven-car maglev - short for ` magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph -lrb- 603 km/h -rrb- and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds during a test run near mount fuji .   the run beat last week 's speeds of 366mph , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph .   owner central japan railway plans to have a train in 2027 to join tokyo and the central city of nagoya .
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading .   the footage appears to show some fans singing a homophobic chant about ashley cole .   cole currently plays for serie a club roma in italy .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan .   it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role .   but once the ` pipe dream ' came , sources said .
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals .   ' i try not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant .   ten of the survivors remain on active duty .
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the premier league .   fellaini is expected to start against aston villa in premier league .   van gaal believes united are mathematically in the title race .
hannah moore , 20 , from west lothian , gave birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone in june last year .   the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines .   hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to hannah moore .
claudia martins gave birth alone at her sister 's flat having kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends .   paramedics were called after the 33-year-old , a portuguese national , was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' and she was taken to hospital .   martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility .
ben stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england .   stokes has forged a fiery character in the england cricket team .   stokes broke his wrist a locker after being dismissed last year .
tracy morgan joined his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven as they did some shopping in new jersey .   it comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair .   morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident .
jacques burger will be available to play in saracens ' aviva premiership appointment with play-off rivals leicester at allianz park on saturday .   the namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing .   burger will miss saracens ' european champions cup semi-final .
katia apalategui 's mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillow .   strong link between smell and memory will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers .   ` made-to-measure ' perfumes will be priced at around 560 euros -lrb- # 400 -rrb- .
blanca cousins , 15 , fell to her death from the luxury hong kong apartment in hong kong on tuesday .   she was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for 20 years .   mr cousins was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' after she was granted bail .
aboriginal model management australia founder kira-lea dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join samantha harris at next year 's fashion week .   the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country 's fashion calendar over two years is lauren feenstra .   the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including noreen carr .
karlis bardelis , 30 , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened .   footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose .   bardelis has only released the footage of his terrifying fall on a training exercise in hospital .
amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced .   michael wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the murder of his third wife , shelby wilkie .   casey and shelby wilkie met michael wilkie through an online dating site .
music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users ' playlists labelled ` sleep ' and sheeran 's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to .   ed sheeran 's hit song is the top spot for sleep-inducing song , the brit award winner features on the list .   pop singer sam smith has won four grammys at this year 's awards .
a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city 's polluted gowanus canal .   he swam about an hour into the canal to urge environmental clean up that the experience was like ` swimming ` in a dirty diaper '   the swimmer , who quit two-thirds of a mile into the swim , gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from his throat .   swain has swam the hudson and columbia rivers .
the seal cull even takes place during the animals ' breeding season .   some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead .   campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
paris saint-germain will make a # 7million offer for chelsea goalkeeper petr cech this summer .   chelsea defender branislav ivanovic could be targeted by bayern munich in january transfer window .   the 32-year-old is poised to open talks over a new contract at chelsea .
bruno smartcan uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open .   it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum .   bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags .
jade and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola and assaulted a brazilian hotel employee .   both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .   mrs badland was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment .
england 's exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against mcc universities oxford at the parks on sunday .   former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain have since both had their say on the 34-year-old 's return to the test arena .   kevin pietersen in action for surrey on day two of the three-day match against oxford mccu .
stephanie scott will be held next wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart .   ms scott disappeared from her workplace at leeton high school on easter sunday .   she was set to get married last saturday at the eat your greens centre in eugowra .
the technology is based on a technique known as ` neuromodulation ' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight .   the company claims it has been able to restore the sight of rats to a level equivalent to 20/250 .   a surgeon must first implant a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina .
the committee investigating the nbc star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .   the leaked information , along a report that williams lied during an interview on the daily show with jon stewart , is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network .   williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after veterans called him out after he lied about being aboard a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade .
colin farrell has confessed in an interview with the sunday times that not only is he too busy .   the 38-year-old actor says he 's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and being a good father to his two sons james and henry .   it 's a role in the new hbo 's true detective .
henri morris , 67 , drugged a female employee in order to take naked photos of her on a business trip has been jailed .   the 67-year-old was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 .   she told them her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from houston , texas , to new jersey for work .
london is the oshun café , which will serve # 6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries .   the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey .   oshun berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao next weekend but no tickets are on sale .   11 days to go until the richest fight was set for may 2 in las vegas .   pacquiao 's promoter bob arum said tickets would be on sale last week .
danny willett gave a verbal blast at the masters on thursday .   the 27-year-old englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at augusta national .   his ire had been in his line-of-sight as he was going to play his shot .
scientists at shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .   the device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen priced at # 10,000 -lrb- $ 14,000 -rrb- .   they used to sell a few dozen devices a year .
rory mcilroy will tee off his bid to become sixth man to win golf 's grand slam alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national .   northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion mickelson and a american in moore .   the four-time green jacket winner returns to action for the first time since february .
pictures show wide divide set out for girls and boys .   females offered pink beautician 's outfits as males are offered doctor 's uniforms .   babygros reading ' i hate my thighs ' and ` super ' customers in one store .
each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man , from leumeah , 52 kilometres south-west of sydney , had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years .   they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home .   he was charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape , ` solicit to murder ' and assault against his wife .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world .   the highway has been named the best in the lake district national park for its location .   a591 from kendal to keswick offers beautiful views of the banks of lake windermere .
keith boudreau , 42 , of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at home ice sports bar .   he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on monday .   boudreau , 43 , allegedly beat boudreau for just staring in his direction during the ` unprovoked attack '   boudreau was punched and stomped on the head before being dragged out of home ice sports
gisele bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week on wednesday .   the brazilian mother of two has said she wants to spend more time with her family .   gisele is married to nfl quarterback tom brady .
danny wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract .   wilson has decided to look for a new challenge at the end of the season .   celtic manager ronny deila has not yet agreed with any club .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi on thursday .   his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught .   pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba was blamed on the banned pakistani forces .
as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 .   isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the un 's world meteorological organization .   isis is also used to describe the islamic state militant group .
neymar posted photograph of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi .   brazilian had used argentine/uruguayan expression ` dale ' to score his first of the night .   suarez 's record in last 10 is nine goals and four assists .
kiis 106.5 's kyle and jackie o show spoke out about her battle with mental health , and the surgery she had to help her lose .   at her heaviest , the australian idol winner weighed 127.5 kgs .   kyle sandliands , 43 , asked the singer if her weight gain meant she could get her hands on to mask her depression .
joel wilkinson , five , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk .   they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20 .   joel will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 .
shane ferguson is set to arrive at murray park next week as part of the loan deal to face queen of the south .   the former motherwell boss won the club last month on a deal until the end of the season .   mccall has scored three successive wins for his rangers future .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him .   in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on tv with the bacon on it '   on wednesday , he ate his first burger after being in prison for a crime he did not commit .
england 's gary ballance was struck by a shot from jos buttler .   england lost the day in antigua in 2009 .   but the home side did not draw on - with sulieman benn .
the girl in the spider 's web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   mr lagercrantz , known for swedish football star zlatan ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .
woman , who did not want to be identified , told bbc documentary she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking rules .   she was lucky to escape from the capital raqqa in syria where women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone .   women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother .
vincent kompany believes manchester city will help ` rectify ' their season .   the city captain believes a win against manchester united will rectify .   manuel pellegrini is under pressure after being replaced in the summer .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their georgia home .   the mom-of-five , who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party , used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters and later awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her .   her 16-year-old daughter has now come to her defense on twitter .
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff .   it is being built by the billionaire emir of dubai , sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum .   the car park will be built next to battersea heliport by the river thames .
in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president .   ` i 'm a grandfather , and i ca n't be mad , ' he said .   hillary clinton has signed a lease for her campaign office in brooklyn .
the first line of treatment for organic fish should be ` substances from plants , animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution '   british and norwegian vets have called the directives ` scientifically illiterate '   the use of homeopathy could lead to ` serious animal health and welfare detriment '   under eu regulations , organic farmers must first use ` plants from plants ' to treat ill fish .   they are set to be in non-eu norway , which has been criticised by british vets to see red .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her wedding .   she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from honeymoon .   she has been spared jail even though a court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice previously .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liverpool have agreed a three-year kit sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank .   standard chartered signed up as the reds ' main sponsor in july 2010 .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers is still in search of his first trophy with the club .
douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington .   hughes , a us postal service mail carrier , said he fully expected to be intercepted on the way before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol on sunday .   doug hughes , who spoke from his home in ruskin , florida , arrived for house arrest before his court date .
scott stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he lay dying in the street in south shields , tyne and wear .   he unleashed an expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous court hearing .   scott stephenson had been jailed for the incident after being arrested and sent back to court .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
lebron james scored 23 points in the cavaliers ' win over the heat on thursday .   the cleveland cavaliers won two nba titles with miami .   lebron james and kyrie irving scored 17 points for miami .   the 30-year-old also passed patrick ewing into 20th placed on the nba 's all-time scoring list .
german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities say .   ` deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system '   the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world .   deutsche bank agreed to plead guilty to a
hayley grimes , 42 , was just a teenager when she found the body of baby peter wrapped in a blanket and sainsbury 's bag in weasenham st peter , norfolk .   the boy 's mother had been arrested nearly three decades on , after police used dna profiling techniques to trace back to his family .   she also said it was ` unthinkable ' the baby had not been given a proper burial .
dr warren weinstein and a fellow aid worker were used as a shield to protect a al qaeda operative while in captivity .   his family slammed their response to his abduction , and it has now been claimed that they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death .   they included the ` poster girl ' for jihad dr. aafia siddiqui - who is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the united states .
raymond howell jr. 's body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney , texas - around four miles from where he attended school at mckinney boyd high .   friends said that he never would have taken his life , but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound .   he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students .
chris maguire scored a penalty for sheffield wednesday at dean court .   bournemouth held bournemouth to draw on home turf .   matt ritchie and callum wilson score for bournemouth .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the british flat season this summer .   sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride horses .   benoist is the only jockey to have ridden elie lellouche-trained ectot .
the property , in the south east london suburb of chislehurst , was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 .   the site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls .   it has now been put on the market for # 3.5 million and also boasts five bedrooms , a stylish kitchen , games room and outside roof terrace .
west ham were on track for first back-to-back home wins in four months .   sam allardyce 's side have now had two goals in a row .   aaron cresswell scored a 95th minute equaliser at west ham united .
nearly 70 years after the end of the conflict , attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation .   author florian huber has sold tens of thousand copies of his book , child promise me you will shoot yourself .   the german city of munich will exploring its past as the birthplace of the nazi movement .
the celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics .   dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods .   ` the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted . sensational headlines and sound bites , ' he said .
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé nick loeb .   loeb claimed that vergara paid her friend $ 200,000 in gifts and mortgage payments and that a embryo was implanted in the woman on two separate occasions in 2013 .   loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee sofia in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split .
david nellist , 38 , has been banned from keeping animals for five years .   he was caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room .   nellist was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months .
ophelia conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot at her home .   but was left dangling mid air by her neck and was only saved because her mother had been watching her on the baby monitor .   days later a second toddler was found dangling from the # 450 bed with his forehead jammed against the horizontal handrail .
photographs taken today in micheldever woods , hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season .   but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend .   parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground .
prince george 's brother or sister could be called sam - after the jockey that helped the duke and duchess of cambridge rekindle their romance .   bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - which could be used for samuel or samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby .   the 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed ` the royal matchmaker ' after he helped the couple rekindle their brief split in 2007 .
randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to an ohio mosque .   federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .   linn had several firearms in his car and carried a gun into the islamic center of greater toledo .
just a day after william 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them .   police have described the investigation into the new line of inquiry .   ` we have information that could link william 's disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said detective inspector gary jubelin .
martin odegaard refused a rating by spanish newspaper as for his performance for b-team castilla .   the norway international was dropped previously by zinedine zidane .   odegaard missed the two games before sunday 's match .
georgina rojas-medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her common-law husband gerardo tovar , 44 , who then turned the gun on himself on saturday night .   neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple 's 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday .   the 4-year-old girl and two siblings were not hurt in the shooting .
sgt. daniel knapp has been considered ` unfit ' to re-enlist after getting a rifle tattoo on his forearm to commemorate his previous deployment .   the army has introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of .   he has been denied re-enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink .
jacob 's creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation 's most popular snacks and light bites .   wine experts have created a guide to wine with snacks .   a riesling is a sausage roll , chardonnay and merlot .
22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides joined norway .   leah williamson found out to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch .   england players join arsenal star in the final stages .
gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis .   the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer but took control of the team when his team-mate quit at the start of february .   locke has lost just once in seven games at rugby park .
the man , who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races , then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor .   he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face .   the man was named on social media as a manager called terry .
no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka 's team bus in lahore in march 2009 .   sri lankan cricketers were rescued by pakistani air force .   ` home ' test and odi series ' rescued by pakistan cricket board president .
n'golo kante is a host of premier league clubs this season .   marseille have been in talks with caen over signing the 24-year-old .   caen will be able to sell kante for a # 5million kante kante .
there will be more muslims than christians in the world in less than sixty years .   the number of muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world 's population .   several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050 .
randy pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully ring a bell while swinging on a rope 25 feet in the air .   pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair .   pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia .   footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake her with dread .   ' i do n't want all the boys in my yard , ' she said .
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green .   beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived .   the pair played for new york in the 1970s before the club went bankrupt .
mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday .   the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in # 299 .   ozil was on the bench for arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading .
tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3 ' 8 , which is how tall her son titan has to use crutches .   she is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis , which are side effects of her dwarfism .   the mom from north carolina is a rare form of dwarfism .
foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 .   3.8 million foreign-born blacks already living in the united states .   about 50 % of black immigrant population hail from the caribbean and 36 per cent come from africa .
amir khan could be set to face floyd mayweather on may 2 .   the siren call is pacquiao in abu dhabi and united arab emirates .   khan says he will fight mayweather in las vegas .
katie cope , 17 , had to close her mother 's shop to detain a shoplifter for three hours until police arrived .   thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave .   store owner eve cope with assistant , sol , said she feared being assaulted by the woman after police refused to give her off with a caution .
nicola sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in britain .   women become sexier with age , income and office .   in 2001 she dressed her feet into kurt geiger heels .
the tomb raiders began their plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in north china at the start of february .   serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills .   they launched a sting operation four days later and five gang members were arrested - all of who confessed to plans to steal artefacts beneath the pagoda .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard .   she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 .   three years later , glenna would be dead after cancer battle .
88 nations showcase their country 's best works of art in national pavilions art festival .   george 's favourite hotel cipriani has double garden view rooms starting from # 477 per night .   the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca .
robert mccombs told a court in michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was a child molester , musick strangled him to death .   he told two friends that he molested young girls and thought ` one of the girls was to like it , ' a jury heard this week .   mccombs , 39 , mouthed the words ' i want to kill him .
one of australia 's most loved cooks , lyndey milan , has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each .   lyndey says her hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline came in at $ 2 per person .   the home cook icon put her skills to the test .
gary field was seen at a ukip event in south thanet awaiting the arrival of nigel farage .   the row started after a group of far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs .   mr farage 's labour opponent will scobie , claimed a group had been attacked by national front members chanting for ukip .
tony blair said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments .   he said his ideas of leadership were ` close to a benevolent dictatorship '   he said : ` you can get some guys who are fantastic executors . '   the former prime minister said blair had no plans to retire .
e.on has been ordered to pay # 7.75 million penalty after it announced price rises in january 2013 .   industry rules state energy companies must give customers 30 days ' notice of any price rise .   e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers .
stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in cornwall .   he joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues '   mr gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in st austell and newquay .   lib dem insiders say the party is on course to lose at least 20 mps .
the coin has an image of poppies - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers , and the words ` lest '   they will be in circulation from monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin involved .   there will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks .   the coin was released as part of the royal australian mint 's official anzac centenary coin program .
aston villa boss tim sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job after paul lambert was sacked in february .   the villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets .   charlie pye , from leamington spa , applied for the role .
the new spring menu features the 640-calorie pretzel roll chicken sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt .   the new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts , one 380-calorie loaded bagel and a ` low fat ' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap .   obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic .
just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s .   doctors say the procedure should only be carried out when ` medically necessary ' because it can lead to infections and even death .   experts say this figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent .
a six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach despite her parents being reported to social services five times .   small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were found in the infant , known as mary , who died suddenly in 2013 .   now a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have highlighted the baby 's vulnerability .
one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .   albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is .   at first , it was the maths problem ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? '   cheryl and bernard cheryl have 25 questions .
families in uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations .   the uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt .   findings in imf 's global financial stability report suggests recovery remains fragile .
perry clawson , a former army colonel , was pictured friday sitting outside the university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville .   clawson , who said the members had ` p ***** d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions .   clawson students spat on him and his service dog as he tried to enjoy a vacation with his wife .
ted loveday managed to answer 10 questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show .   he has now admitted that he had help from some .   sources .   the team 's win took place on bbc two on monday night .
chris copeland , 31 , and his wife katrine saltare , 28 , were stabbed following an argument outside a new york club early on wednesday .   the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . he then turned on saltare , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland .   jay da silva left back better player than any current prem left back .   jay dasilva was part of the chelsea under 19 team .
gps are the gateway to nhs care - nine out of 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp .   the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people to take up other care services .   weekend opening hours for gp surgeries in london have increased from # 50 million to # 100 million .
chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time .   rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments .   crispr system targets the genome 's source material and permanently turns off genes at the dna level .
bryan stow was left in a medically induced coma for several months .   two men jumped mr stow and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground .   mr stow worked as a paramedic for the san jose giants .
san antonio beat houston rockets 110-98 in the nba 's southwest division .   no 1 playoff seed atlanta scored 12 points for spurs .   the spurs meet again in the eastern conference .
agonda beach in goa has 11 hours of sunshine every day .   the beach is one of the most popular beaches in india 's western state .   the beaches are more , massage sessions , football kick-arounds , frisbee games and joggers .
the national park service and secret service will be bolted on at the top for a year or more .   but barbed wire has been ruled out .   the new spikes is planned and fabricated .
the ` nail ' houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition .   homes such as china are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out .   owner of the house did n't reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation of the demolition .
thousands of sea creatures are on display at the five-star atlantis , palm resort in dubai .   with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites are three storeys high with 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms .   each suite has elegant perks .
wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday after five months out through injury .   arsenal 's ray parlour believes that the 23-year-old 's fitness record could turn him into a abou diaby .   wilshere is the england international for arsenal 's match against reading .
jon moss will take charge of fa cup final at wembley on may 30 .   former premier league referee mark halsey has called the football association 's decision ' a joke ' ` i do n't blame jon moss . but is he the best man for the job '   halsey believes clattenburg should be in charge .
tristram hunt was visiting the primary school in derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who would vote for in next month 's election if he could .   video of the conversation shows the schoolboy had been ` drinking in propaganda ' from the party 's rivals .   the mother of a primary school pupil who told a labour mp he supported ukip because he wanted to get all the foreigners out the country .
dai young 's side won the champions cup over wasps on sunday .   wasps ' ashley johnson and toulon are third of four english players .   ali williams , elliot daly and christian wade all scored for toulon .
experts say it sets men free to flex . tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or strength over flexibility .   broga is the creator and co-founder of broga .
footage taken from the bus 's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a dodge durango swerves in their direction at 60 mph .   it crashes into an suv on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median .   five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20 am in tulsa , oklahoma , on monday .
demi moore is selling the manhattan penthouse apartment she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis for a $ 75million asking price .   the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river .   if the penthouse sells for $ 75million it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side .
adrian schaffner only knows the breed of the dog 's mother .   the dog is an appenzeller mix from the owner 's dog sintha .   the dog was named sintha in val müstair .
tony fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to # 50million for financial fair play breaches .   football league board member jim rodwell 's departure from notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe .   qpr are 19th in the premier league .
half of hospitals are allowing patients to jump nhs queues for cataract surgery .   some are charging up to a ` shameful ' # 2,700 for one eye .   nhs recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of # 6,000 each .
engineers claim to have designed a range of synthetic eyes that may one day let us replace and even enhance our own sense of vision .   the mhox eye concept is designed to replace and enhance the vision compared to a normal eye .   scientists from the universities of sydney , harvard , stanford and mit have now bio-printed artificial vascular networks mimicking the body 's circulatory system .
the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs .   thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device from underneath passenger seat .   man is described as being between 30 and 40 , with a beard .
kyle walker had not broken his foot but faces another month out of action .   tottenham 's kyle walker faces a further months on the sidelines .   walker had sustained the injury after heavy collision with burnley defender kieran trippier during the draw at burnley on april 5 .
porsche 911 carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry as they pulled into a side street to move out the way for the emergency services in nottingham .   both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police and the ambulance service were to attend the scene .   one onlooker said : ` it was a nice car ' and it was the bloke ` distraught '   no life-threatening injuries reported .
neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg 2-0 in the copa del rey final .   former defender eric abidal says the current crop are on their way .   barcelona won the champions league semi-finals in 2009 .
there are 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky .   health officials said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .   the growing number could put pressure on pence to extend the needle exchange program that he approved on march 26 .
hibernian beat jason cummings and farid el alagui in the first minute of injury time .   hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby on sunday .   hibernian scored three points in the championship after 30 minutes .
charlton beat south london rivals charlton 2-1 at the den since october .   chris solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box .   charlton keeper stephen henderson dismissed lee gregory 's penalty .
photos were released by rspca south australia on tuesday .   the resident pleaded guilty to failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats .   the owner was granted to have two of his cats returned under the rspca 's supervision .
bosses at queen 's hospital , burton , admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement and a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country .   bodies were stored after the hospital ran out of space in its mortuary over the easter weekend .   hospital said there were an unprecedented number of deaths over easter bank holiday weekend .
tori spelling tripped and fell onto a hot japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers .   tori 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body .   doctors said she needed skin grafts .
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire , claims a ` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex .   single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world ' and allow them to ` remain girls for longer '   scientists at newcastle university found that girls really do mature faster than boys this can happen as early as 10 years old .   but for boys it can take until between 15 and 20 .
the golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons .   one of the uk 's online golf retailers is part of a golf package .   sportsmail have golfbidder to offer one reader the chance to win a special golf prize .
libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag .   he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year .   rand fans will still find signs and bumper stickers .
mark selby , john higgins and ding junhui had two breaks of 86 in 5-1 victory against mark davis .   four-time world champion higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat scottish countryman graeme dott 5-2 at the china open .   shaun murphy 's third round came from 3-2 to beat peter ebdon .
sam allardyce says he would have no problem with european football via the fair play league .   hammers have won once in last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against stoke .   allardyce 's west ham are top of the premier league fair play table .
novak djokovic defeated tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at monte carlo on sunday .   the world no 1 was the first player to win the opening three atp world tour masters 1000 events .   djokovic 's clay court season starts with rafael nadal to reach the final .
bayern munich defender medhi benatia suffered muscle injury against bayer leverkusen .   benatia could miss both legs of bayern munich 's quarter-final against porto .   bayern boss pep guardiola has a long injury list .
a three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by her family 's pet dog at their home .   the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull .   the dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .
manchester united could sign radamel falcao permanently at the end of the season .   chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday over the striker 's future .   falcao missed last summer 's world cup in brazil after knee injury .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin , at about 9pm on wednesday .   the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle ` and then went for a lie down '   reports of drunken and foolish behaviour are highly frustrating for police .   over 500 calls made to northern territory police between 3pm-11pm on wednesday .
bbc programmes are set to move online as part of a new ` internet first ' strategy designed to compete with web services .   viewers fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online .   viewers are currently able to use the bbc 's online services without paying for them .
kasper schmeichel named in as part of three football league team .   leicester in the premier league is three outfielders and a manager .   angel rangel has been in premier league with swansea city .   west morgan has been the best players from below england 's top tier .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 .   now he is training for k2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died .   mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season .
jeremy clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london .   the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes .   clarkson had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar .
the south korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition .   kim sei-young will take a lead into the final round of the ana inspiration .   american stacy lewis shot a 68 with six birdies to lie seven-under .
britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands .   after nine months of exploratory drilling , a group of british companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the falklands could be worth billions of pounds .   defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from argentina .
the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours .   the flight was stuck on the tarmac at an airport for six hours with only one bathroom between them .   passengers , women and children boarded a united express flight to denver , colorado , due to bad weather .
national union of teachers expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend .   ballot of 300,000 members would take place after september .   21 per cent of schools were forced to close .
the woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two fathers and handed both infants over to her mother debbie when they were four months old .   now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all .   says her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his teddy , named beaumont bear , a raf tie and printed the royal crest , the letters am for air ministry and his nickname ` bea ' on his chest .   the flight lieutenant was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 second world war battle .   he was known as one of ` the few ' and is expected to sell for # 10,000 .
derry mathews will take on ismael barroso for the interim wba world title .   richar perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division .   abril was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril .
the florida senator told bob schieffer he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman '   he said state legislators should petition the state legislature and have a political debate .   rubio believes people are born with a sexual preference but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right .   rubio is running for president last week .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of motorway between junctions four and five in ortford , kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist .   kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road .   two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when clockwise carriageway reopened .
ufc star ronda rousey left her trademark arm bar at home for the los angeles premiere of blockbuster action film fast & furious 7 .   rousey , the ufc 's bantamweight champion , appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk with her mma skills .   rousey 's acclaimed debut wwe appearance in wrestlemania 31 .
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night 's riots in baltimore saying she is ` damned if i do n't '   the message ` pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral .   others accused her of insincerity , and still more aired shockingly racist feelings .   protests over gray 's death have now spread to six american cities .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january .   he invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing .
the patent -lrb- illustrated -rrb- was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week .   it details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position .   android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as trusted face in the smart lock menu .
the popular street artist is believed to have ventured into gaza earlier this year .   he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just # 100 .   khaled agreed to show reporters the mural on condition .
researchers found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source .   mummified remains of terézia hausmann found in the crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis .   scientists believe the marine animals brought the disease to south america .
the rajasthan player was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a ` pre-decided pattern of play '   the player immediately reported the incident to the indian cricket board 's action from the 2012 indian premier league between kolkata knight riders and delhi .   rajasthan ceo : ` rajasthan royals was approached inappropriately by a player from rajasthan royals in india 's domestic cricket league , a month ago .   rajasthan was not part of the ipl , ' rajasthan player for the incident .
photos show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot at point blank range .   images of the media activist 's brutal execution were released by isis ' halab media centre .   isis released the disturbing photographs on the same day .
ronald peijenburg , owner of the de zwann restaurant in etten-leur , has used a formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable .   the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the netherlands .   first batch of the season was placed in a can and attached to a drone .
jacques lamerde is a corn dog with packet ham , spongebob squarepants macaroni and ketchup .   it 's the account of high-end dining by dressing up cheap and convenience store goods .   it 's a fictional name to remain anonymous .
recorded in washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year , the video , created by youtube channel cut , sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong .   ` it 's like the last piece of prohibition ' says robert , 73 , who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before criminal justice training for another decade .   david , 67 , says he smoked for the first time at the age 14 , but stopped for 18 minutes and 40 seconds
governor mary fallin introduced a law allowing it to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners if lethal injections are n't available .   the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen , has been touted as ` foolproof ' by supporters .   the pause follows an infamous execution last ear .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk .   the 58-year-old siphoned off the # 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court .   franklin stole his money after the judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was ` terrified '   franklin 's father had died 20 years earlier .
karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland .   damage is thought to have been caused by a russian submarine .   nato exercises were launched to intercept two russian aircraft near uk air space .
addison russell , 21 , may recall his first game at wrigley field .   he let his bat slip through his fingers in the seventh while trying to catch up .   the bat went flying and struck a fan who accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers .
` the labour party is our party . we built it , to serve us ' says unite baron mccluskey .   comes 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget .   mr mccluskey urges his members to ` take back our country ' and ` restore decency , dignity and justice '
documented and undocumented immigrant population in the united states could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years .   number could rise to one in five by 2060 , when immigrant population reaches 78 million .   without no change in current immigration policy , the highest ever recorded in american history .
flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus casei and lactobacillus rhamnosus , the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks .   eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli , according to the university of maryland .   the peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium , enterohaemorrhagic e.coli , which can cause severe food poisoning .
moses kipsiro is a training partner of mo farah 's claims to be living in fear of his life .   he raised allegations with the authorities in his native uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners ; some as 15 .   but he told me he will have to leave uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims .
michael phelps was suspended last year by usa swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges .   phelps is entered in five events at this week 's arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona , which will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban .   the april 15-18 meet has the top u.s. swimmers .
jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence .   mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december .   he did n't have enough cash to pay for it .
former star of strictly come dancing says she is ` terrible ' at dancing .   judy 's mother , shirley erskine , 80 , admitted wedding of andy , 27 , to his girlfriend kim sears , also 27 .   mrs murray did not take to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel .
charlotte cobbald , 17 , ran away from her father , saying ` let me die ' before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999 .   paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital , but charlotte died from the effects of the drug .   at the time she died in august , charlotte was visiting the family farm in suffolk while on day release from a mental health unit .
the prime minister 's wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer .   david cameron has made no secret to kick mr reckless 's ` fat arse ' out of the commons , and hopes his wife can woo voters in the kent battleground .   cameron met mitchell , aged four , at the abbey court school in rainham , kent .
eden hazard and santi cazorla are set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend .   both players have been set to play this weekend in the summer of 2012 .   chelsea 's santi cazorla has been the best player in the premier league .
former white house florist ronn payne also learned to call the secret service ` pigs '   chelsea now shares leadership of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation .   hillary clinton is the former first lady senator and secretary of state .   chelsea clinton has said that chelsea 's ` pigs are here ' from her parents .
the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday .   curacao drew 2-2 in a match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate .   louis van gaal scored in the 87th minute five minutes after a substitute .
harry redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it 's at the right club .   the 68-year-old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february .   redknapp will return to the dugout on sunday .
dutchman abducted by al qaeda in mali nearly four years ago has been freed after a raid by french special forces .   french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured . but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time .
jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the premier league .   eden hazard 's goal was 1-0 to beat manchester united 1-0 .   john terry is confident that there is still work to clinch the title .
kim richards has been charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the beverly hills hotel last week .   the former child star turned real housewife in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest .   richards reveals that she was angry and frightened and i was scared .
five days before brittany huber and john redman were involved in a deadly car crash on a georgia highway killed the young bride and left her fiance .   redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home .   on march 24 he helped lead his team to a championship title .
william kerr , 53 , is on the run after disappearing from approved premises .   he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail .   police have warned members of the public not to call 999 if they spot him .
twitter 's periscope app allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers .   the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone .   viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 59 -rrb- to watch the fight while in britain sky is offering the bout for # 19.99 .
hadas from eritrea , africa , says she does n't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure when she was just a baby .   she had ` the cut ' in eritrea when circumcision is cut , she says .   she said : ' i will have sex is cut and sex '   fgm is eritrea and sudan and ethiopia .
almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self-declared caliph , abu bakr al-baghdadi , played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq .   one former colonel in iraqi air force intelligence now plays a leading role in isis ' military council .   militants fighting for the islamic state in iraq are being led by ex-members of the late iraqi dictator 's military .
a road rage incident caught on camera shows a man as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland .   tommy solis , who filmed the incident , drove by with a friend , and tried to break up the fight .   ` he was just a poor old man , he punched him through the window , and he proceeds to open up the door , ' solis said .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour had no chance of winning a majority on its own .   mr miliband insisted he would not agree to a ` confidence and supply ' deal with the snp , who look set to deprive his party of an outright win .   but he again refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation .
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck , but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him .   friends used their bare hands to try and free sonit , but without specialist equipment it was .   mother rasmila awal told of her ` overwhelming joy ' when rescuers arrived and pulled sonit .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house .   the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day .   police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman that clarence house aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s .
the westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month .   it will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings in la suite .   the master bedroom suite will cost 11,000 square feet with two levels .
more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party ` midnight mafia '   police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue .   he was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in parramatta local court on sunday .   he was allegedly found in possession of 441 mdma tablets .
the collection will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29 .   the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .   the two face mask from batman forever is valued at , $ 1,500 .
christina mejia first outlined her accusations in a lawsuit filed against the cook county sheriff 's office in illinois in 2010 .   her daughter , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole .   when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from mejia 's dead body and took photographs of her .
henrik stenson has only scored a week in bed with flu .   lee westwood has an impressive start at the masters .   jason day is a australian winner at 25-1 .
the jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in berlin and bolt is confident he could shave two tenths off under 19 seconds .   bolt says he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .   he will compete in the ` mano a mano ' 100-metre challenge on sunday .
raheem sterling will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge .   liverpool boss brendan rodgers has n't disciplined sterling or ibe for the incident .   ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session on friday .
the 33-year-old drove an aston martin at 180mph in a 40mph zone .   he wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ` flat to the floor '   he was reviewing the new vanquish carbon edition supercar after test driving it on the isle of man 's tt course .   tv presenter and guy martin on channel 4 have said they are looking into the incident .
christianne shepherd , seven , and her brother bobby , six , died from carbon monoxide poisoning .   their father neil shepherd and his partner ruth beatson fell into a coma .   mrs wood , 44 , sat in silence as her children 's final hours were related to the inquest jury at wakefield coroner 's court .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 at wembley on tuesday night .   aden flint was the first team in the football league to win promotion .   city players are sprayed with champagne after promotion from league one .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by alan dershowitz .   mr dershowitz said that miss roberts would have to give evidence under oath .   model agency owner jean luc brunel said he is considering legal action of his own .
elon musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over .   spacex said it will post a video in the next few days .   but images tweeted by musk reveal the booster landed successfully .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay .   philippe coutinho opened the scoring after 161 goalless minutes .   simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time at ewood park .
` the boob-job bra ' was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have .   the scandfit bra ' try size has four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage .   the try size is a c cup , d cup .
police say annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher .   mckenzie believed engelhardt had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day .   she has been charged with second-degree assault and second-degree strangulation .
the cruise ship carnival spirit has been damaged outside sydney harbour this morning .   they have been at the mercy of the wild seas since last night as storms batter the east coast .   the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the nsw coast .
luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier .   it cost # 3,700 for the horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day .   the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres outfits .
celtic 's stuart armstrong admits his first scottish cup final at celtic park .   armstrong and dundee united are on the verge of the scottish cup .   celtic face celtic on transfer deadline day in january .
a study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex .   but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions .   tipsy people downed one large 250ml glass of 14 per cent wine .
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year .   so a new initiative set up by prince ottaviano de'medici di toscana .   the save florence campaign aims to appeal to true travellers .
andrew hichens will be working with one pc and two police officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof .   mr hichens , 28 , does not have the power to make arrests and will be patrolling his beat .   devon and cornwall police federation chairman nigel rabbitts said the new role would never be a publicity stunt .
the michigan micro mote is the smallest computer in the world .   it contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light .   it is able to send information to the computer .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when he caught his eye .   mr allan says it is ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years '   the image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli .   more than 15,000 australians planned to attend overseas events commemorating the centenary of anzac day .
surveillance footage from philadelphia 's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past him on the platform at 6.40 on wednesday night .   he falls , and bystanders jump back in shock as the man in an eagles jacket ran over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him .   transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men who are expected to survive any injuries .
fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12 .   premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players .   manuel pellegrini says academy players at manchester city are not ready for the first team .
spanish pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , met in riga in 2011 .   in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -lrb- 11,131.92 km by their measurements -rrb- and been through 16 countries .   one of the 16 countries are off to a start .
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday .   the settlement comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field .   senior us district judge anita brody approved the deal on wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out .
jimmy anderson is in his 100th test match for england this week .   sir ian botham 's record was on day two in antigua .   devon smith is on the verge of the 2003 world cup .
dougie freedman failed to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in march as blackburn rebuffed interest from forest , derby , norwich and middlesbrough .   rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons , and blackburn have 70 goals .   nottingham forest will make a renewed move for blackburn striker jordan rhodes this summer , but it could cost them # 10m .
rory mcilroy 's fourth place in the masters is his best finish in seven appearances .   the world number one believes jordan spieth may not be the first rival .   graeme mcdowell was ranked 44th in driving distance .
chris rowe was dismissed by doctors five times in two months .   he was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones .   mr rowe was sent home each time after suffering a persistent cough for six months .
the golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a drought .   californian farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world 's almond demand .   worth # 3.8 billion in 2013 almonds have become california 's .
atletico madrid beat real madrid champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon .   diego simeone and carlo ancelotti scored for real madrid in the second half .   atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak denies gareth bale .
brands contain more than a day 's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving .   local government association accused soft drink firms of ` dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .   some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit for adults .
jan hansen 's egg is so big it took him three days to put together .   creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars .   mr hansen hopes to raise # 1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed his wife amanda eight times after he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman .   she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back .   o'riordan wrote to his wife from jail asking her to ` get my things together ' before for his trial .
matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue .   mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and his '   li 's pictures show up in matt 's icloud and photostream .   mr hongjun lost his iphone in china .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa .   christian benteke has scored nine in his last seven for villa .   villa scored two second half goals this season .
the house judiciary committee passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 .   it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations .   the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it .
chris early , who owns a production company in tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too .   the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news .   he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .
the 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch .   a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes .   he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory .
just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments , nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look .   seven per cent have actually had allergic reactions .   one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments .
alastair cook and jonathan trott on the first day of england 's tour match .   ben stokes , jonathan trott and ben stokes scored three wickets for 10 .   trott on his first england appearance since the one-day side on the eve of world cup .
binmen said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules .   they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top .   the binmen in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , the resident experts on the e! reality show botched , is due to begin its second season .   ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show .   dr terry and dr nassif ` have to do something ' to help patients .
office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting .   the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700 .   brody features an led task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface .
ben affleck apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his family history .   this enabled affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor , named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in trenton in new jersey .   the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook .
doncaster 's league one play-off draw at doncaster 's fleetwood town in league one .   doncaster 's media team won the match on 0-0 with 0-0 draw .   saturday 's visit was so it was 27 seconds for the kick off .
private security worker martin johnson , 46 , was walking his granddaughter charly home from school when he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire .   it also lost a wheel which came flying off , missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft .   the young man has not been identified .
the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air .   alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow and sends ` natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze .   panasonic japan is on sale in japan for ¥ 39,350 -lrb- # 220 -rrb- .
michelle obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation .   the first lady chose what 's being called ` kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services .   pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893 .
the self-tanning shower valve ` achieved at the touch of a button ' the tanning shower .   it 's the one day of the year .   products and advertisers have come from around the web - and our inboxes .   the bathroom brand can now wash and tan at the same time .
brett anthony o'connor has been free on bail since march .   he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago .   he has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 .
waitrose announces arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year .   waitrose crop could be up 20 per cent this year compared to average .   it is predicted britain would have best crop of asparagus for a decade .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract .   diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the emirates stadium .   arsenal face liverpool in saturday 's practice game on wednesday .
solomon bygraves , 29 , was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing stanley evans in the entrance to his block of flats in central london as he returned from a shopping trip .   he offered to help the pensioner with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet and knocked mr evans to the ground .   bygraves was then left lying in the flats in soho for ten minutes .
atletico madrid have surpassed expectations with cristiano ronaldo and co .   diego simeone 's side have not lost to atletico madrid in six matches .   torres is one of five atletico players and cristian ansaldi .
a dog walker used nail clippers to free a kidnapped woman who police say was held prisoner and sexually assaulted by a canadian man for five days .   peter hamilton wanted to call the police , but had left his cell phone at home when she refused to go inside .   perron was arrested on monday and charged with sexual assault with a weapon .
benjamin carr , 22 , ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson to kill her .   he was discovered in a pool of blood by her husband after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier .   carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up .   robertson will serve 32 years and carr a minimum of 30 years .
model and environmental scientist laura wells uses new swimwear line .   collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material .   collection includes one and two-piece suits .
scientists analyzed 11 rock samples from around nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves .   australopithecus prometheus , lived at the same time as the species , comes from ethiopia .   study found little foot , an important fossil of an .   early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa .
chelsea are their only rivals for the frenchman 's signature .   barcelona will make a # 50m offer for paul pogba .   juventus midfielder andre-pierre gignac will want to knock psg off top of la liga .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen .   when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around .   the video clip has been watched more than one million times .
the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s sea isle cats by a family on their home .   she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt .   fat cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over .
` del boy ' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting tyson fury at london 's excel arena in november .   the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko 's wbo title .   chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against david price .
manchester united and chelsea will take part in the international champions cup in the us this summer .   the pre-season tournament is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 with chelsea .   united 's match in michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a press conference in new york on april 28 .
freddie gray broke his neck when he fell into the back of the van as it was moving .   they claimed there was ` no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury .   gray was standing in the van , bent over with his hand behind his back .
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the area .   ronaldo is suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .   ronaldo was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box .
michael carrick and wayne rooney scored in the champions league semi-final .   sky pundit thierry henry scored ` the goal of his life ' for the goal .   real madrid beat hernandez atletico madrid in the semi-final .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas did not match everton 's motivation .   manchester united boss louis van gaal said his players could not match motivation .   van gaal admits united were second in the premier league .
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions .   more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things in the last week , than had men .   dr watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload .
gareth bale is out of real 's champions league quarter-final second leg at the santiago bernabeu .   the wales international injured his calf during saturday 's 3-1 win against malaga at the weekend .   real boss carlo ancelotti will also be without first-team karim benzema and luka modric for the tie .
the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site .   the project is set to cost around # 28.5 million .   since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has agreed to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 .
john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox .   the former dundee manager was removed from the manager 's office back in december as relations with the old board .   brown insists king 's team will never turn their back on a man .
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds .   chinese panda lasts longer than average american man in bed .   lu lu is now the talk of china .
sophie falkiner , australian tv presenter , model and mother of two can testify to that she has a ` million and one '   breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year .   australian parents spend an average 140 hours per year getting children breakfast .   ` it 's crazy as the most hectic , frenzied time of the morning routine for australian families .
yaya toure is open to leaving manchester city this summer .   inter milan boss roberto mancini wants to be reunited with toure next season .   ivory coast international 's agent dimitri seluk wants to talk to city .
public 's attitudes to drinking found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out .   young people admitted to forgetting how they got home , driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated .   one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a dirnking problem .
cathryn parker , 72 , has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles .   she gave the traffic officers a false name .   she was leasing under another false name .   she was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in hawaii .
google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both .   one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match .   google spent $ 16.8 million on lobbying last year .
craig gardner left palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over at the hawthorns .   west brom now sit eight points clear of the bottom three .   tony pulis ' side beat west brom 2-0 at crystal palace on saturday .
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money .   his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in .   robin williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend more time with his children .
heather mack took her baby stella to court in bali last month .   she was filmed singing the rihanna outside of the denpasar district court .   prosecutors have asked judges in the resort to jail mack for 18 years .   mack has said that her smile is a ` disguise '
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub in may 2013 .   lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction .   judge sarah huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said he was reckless .
statistics collected at maastricht university in holland , where cannabis is decriminalised .   students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses .   foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average .
chris ramsey believes his friend and tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league .   qpr scored four goals in a premier league game for the first time since march 1994 v norwich on tuesday .   qpr boss ramsey says if he ` was a betting man '   qpr have won four days on goal difference .
andreas lubitz : ` german obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly '   he says airlines to have mandatory access to pilots ' medical records .   german lawmaker says privacy laws were to blame for tragedy .   privacy laws let pilot hide illness from employers , he says .
water sports craze of jet surfing taken off at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland .   jet surf board is designed for travelling across water .   jet surf boards have top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg .
brandon afoa , 33 , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift .   much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons .   the airport worker has been awarded $ 40 million in compensation for a freak runway accident .
in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ` inadequate ' and placed it in special measures .   today the watchdog will upgrade this to ` requires improvement ' and publish a glowing report .   experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour activists and trade unionists .
the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance fighter , known as ahmed shaheed .   the purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed 's pet .   abou shaheed al-muhajir bought the tiger cub from a small village near the syrian city of aleppo .
nbc host rebecca lowe was at turf moor to present burnley 's match against arsenal .   lowe was joined by former wimbledon midfielder robbie earle and retired mls star kyle martino .   the trio will also be at the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday .
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments .   44 per cent of respondents had vacancies in maths and 50 per cent in science .   62 per cent had ` difficulty ' recruiting teachers for core subjects .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , on sunday night when they were attacked .   one 15-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone off the 42-year-old victim .   the attackers could have been dealt with under the controversial young offenders act .
49-year-old woman told how a large tumour underneath her left breast ` dissolved away '   scientists at the hospital have conducted a trial , treating patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma with a new type of treatment .   they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future .   four years ago doctors removed a 4.2 mm melanoma from her back .
an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity .   the system is being developed at the german aerospace center in bremen .   they hope to build a greenhouse in antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016 .
all 13 of his choristers at st peter and st paul church have now resigned over his sacking .   walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir .   church filed in for easter sunday service .
tiger woods and no rory mcilroy in the run up to the shell houston open .   spieth is the 809th ranked player in the world .   phil mickelson has impressed in the masters .
david klemmer and james graham could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee during the good friday showdown between south sydney and canterbury at the anz stadium in sydney .   nrl head of football todd greenberg said the match review would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour and detrimental conduct requirements will ` form part of the review '   graham and graham could also face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field .   referee gerard sutton awarded the rabbitohs a late penalty
liberty baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car at the spot where her daughter died .   he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash .   family say they are ` devastated ' by the sentence handed to him .
traffic had started to build up on the m58 around switch island on merseyside , with one motorist filming the gridlock on a dashcam .   but a renault driver was n't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes .   but a silver renault was captured on the outside lane .
labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010 .   experts at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists at the world congress in brisbane , have called for more research to try and better understand women 's motivations .   university of melbourne explored the views of women aged 18 to 28 .
female body double for sienna miller .   have a 25 1/2 in waist , a high hip of 35 and low hip .   ` low hip ' measurement should be 36 1/2 .
there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol .   cbd can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down .   cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids .
phil neville was at the stadium of light on sunday .   head coach john carver said before the game he had a secret profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain .   newcastle united face sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday .
claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' which she no longer suffered from .   court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy '   she ` intended ' to dispose of the baby 's body unnoticed .   her sister , vilma , complained of a smell coming from martins ' bedroom .
david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final .   raven , djimi traore and ryan christie are among the winner of scottish football .   celtic face celtic in scottish cup semi-final at hampden park .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 juniors juniors club but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team .   the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 after they said she was accepted to another club .   the lawsuit seeks to let audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees .
everton 's players train at goodison park on tuesday 's open training session .   fans were invited to watch roberto martinez put his players through their paces for free .   john stones and aaron lennon also took part in the training session .
18-year-old syracuse painting student lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one 's self unconditionally .   three years ago on new year 's day lania roberts was standing in front of her mirror , but also to love herself more .   at only 18 , lania gave a moving motivational speech titled ` love yourself unconditionally .
the pfa premier league team of the year unveiled on sunday night at the grosvenor house hotel in london .   the side is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england 's top flight .   sergio aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against aston villa .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach .   former test paceman served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 .   cricket south africa chief executive haroon lorgat said allan was a goal .
eric coins posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women .   in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training .   the man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in fort benning , georgia and not miami .
saturday 's main event , crabbies grand national .   seven races take up the day as the popular event has 45,000 racing .   the day two of the grand national is his last ever grand national festival .
frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona 's catalonia club .   the 23-year-old defender took to the garden to have a go and moved the basketball hoop into the net to the goal .   his mother lucy , 32 , said : ` me said ` i will be able to do . '
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in greenport .   their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts .   relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break .
protest group ashleyout.com urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of st james ' park before kick-off .   newcastle united 's fans took to the street and refused to enter the stadium in protest of mike ashley .   ashleyout.com are behind the protest and unfurled a banner , ` nufc , balance sheet champions .
tony pulis led his side to 2-0 win over crystal palace on saturday .   west brom midfielder craig gardener shoots to score his side 's second goal against crystal palace .   west brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory .
manuel pellegrini 's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford , a sixth defeat in eight games .   pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low in the top four .   city have 12 points out of the premier league with 3-2 win over sunderland .
hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach on a 15-month contract .   the coach 's contract is also valid for the second division should hamburg be relegated .   hamburg are the only club with a perfect bundesliga record .
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said it should only be temporary measure .   said he was opposed to ` taxing for the sake of taxing '   shadow chancellor ed balls will vote in favour of 50p top rate .   scottish national party has said it will reintroduce ` millionaires ' power .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support .   pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .   the 36-year-old also posted a photo with karl malone at his wild card gym base in los angeles .
the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad .   all u.s. embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission .   nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack .
deputy prime minister met by protesters in surbiton , south west london .   mr clegg ignored the protesters as he said ` uni would be free '   lib dem leader was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with cabinet member secretary of state for energy and climate change today .   clegg said osborne 's plans would do ` so much damage '   lib dems chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , ' a very dangerous man .
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season .   interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge .   12 players out of contract will plan with gers second in scottish championship table .
kyle patrick loughlin from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked .   the student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and wrote ` sexually charged fantasy stories '   loughlin pleaded ` not guilty ' in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery . it will now be held without bail .
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day .   police are now working to shore up security for a string of anzac day events in london .   five men from melbourne were arrested over a planned attack after british authorities intercepted communications between him and an australian man .
stoke came from behind to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman 's southampton .   charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke city beat southampton at the britannia stadium on saturday .   mark hughes believes jones 's hit delilah is on his side to be down in uefa 's fair play league .
issac luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting an offensive comment on social media in response to attacks from canterbury bulldogs fans .   the 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official instagram account on saturday in a bid to track down the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium in sydney .   the rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident .
danny cipriani , shaun edwards and mark cueto were among the stars at the ` beers with the boys ' night in birmingham .   goode accused the 23-year-old of having ` bad values ' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation set up by and named after the paralysed former leicester tigers prop because he was ` too tired '   wade , 23 , will join london irish in the summer .   wade has been slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode .
animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs .   the dinosaur has been likened to a platypus because of its bizarre combination of characteristics .   the dinosaur is a ` platypus ' dinosaur that grazed on plants , including its small skull and feet .
carl thompson , 32 , has gained an astonishing 30 stone in three years .   he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover .   mr thompson spends # 200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping .
argentina legend diego maradona lost his cool to kick out at a cameraman at charity match .   the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota to support the peace process in colombia .   maradona scored a late penalty to settle the friendly contest .
the unnamed couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque 's author , who released it under the pen name lacey noonan , as well as distributors apple , amazon.com and noble for allowing readers to buy the work in ibooks , kindle and nook digital formats .   the fan fiction , which is $ 2.51 on kindle , is about a housewife 's engagement with new england patriots tight end rob ` gronk ' gronkowski .   the lawsuit claims the photo was used as the online cover without their permission .
lewis hamilton insists he is ready for nico rosberg 's tactics .   mercedes top brass toto wolff and niki lauda insist hamilton was not at fault .   rosberg won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .
mark zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role .   the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker , oculus , last year .   facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed .
pebble watch is from # 99 , getpebble.com .   more than a million have been sold .   it has a mammoth 2.4 in face and since it launched in 2013 .
tumbler are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy .   the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie .   the number plate and interior are to the original batmobile .
all five of the series have played two games at 2-0 , with the wizards , cavaliers and golden state .   lebron james scored 30 points as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 2-0 .   lou williams scored 20 points for the raptors .
mats hummels can believes hummels is at the perfect point in his career to leave jurgen klopp 's side .   the germany defender has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund .   mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united .
boris johnson will move centre stage in the conservative election campaign next week .   there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ` weaponised '   conservatives were on 34 per cent , with labour down two on 33 per cent .   it is only second time conservatives have been ahead with survation .
monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev claims manchester united bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign radamel falcao on a permanent deal in the summer .   colombia striker joined united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed .   falcao joined the manchester club this season .
jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium .   manchester city are considering making a move for jack wilshere this summer .   wilshere has n't played for the first team since his ankle against manchester united .
the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web .   the items it bought included a pair of nike trainers , counterfeit designer jeans , the scan of a hungarian passport and a set of uk fire brigade masterkeys .   other dark net sites allow users to share pornographic photographs and hacked information .
figures from trussell trust seized on by labour and tuc as ` shocking ' evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay , and stopped benefits .   tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned best way to help families was to get people into work .   trussel trust claimed 1 million people are being fed from food banks such as this one in glasgow .
barcelona beat barcelona champions league at nou camp .   neymar tied david luiz in knots on the quarter hour .   dani alves scored his second goal of the night .
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday .   the unscheduled trip came after white house had sent reporters home for the day .   president barack obama and the first family left the house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao clash in las vegas on may 2 .   mayweather released two pictures from his training camp training camp .   pacquiao and mayweather 's clash will be reported # 160million mega-fight .
lionel messi , neymar jnr and luis suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season .   the three amigos will match the total scored by thierry henry , samuel eto'o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals .   henry scored 26 , eto'o 36 and messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season .
written in black marker pen this series of cardboard signs have appeared all over a surrey village , with messages like ` please forgive me '   signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of author .   they were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of milford , near godalming , on tuesday morning .   seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts .
robbie savage branded balotelli ` pathetic ' for missing the game , four days after he withdrew himself from the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn rovers this week .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers said he felt too ill to take part after a ` slight knock ' in training .   bt sport pundit robbie savage 's labelling of the striker fell ill on wednesday .
real madrid face 184 passes in their work rate .   keylor navas wo n't be sent to almeria .   james rodriguez has been on loan from atletico .
150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked facebook every few hours .   facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online , psychologists at the university of new south wales .   they use pictures on the social networking site to see how they measure up against friends .
bentley motors ' top designer criticized ford 's new lincoln continental on facebook and called the model that was unveiled this week at the new york auto show a ` copy '   luc donckerwolke thought the continental shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur .   the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears .   donckerwolke posted a comment on lincoln designer david woodhouses .
sharon edwards was last seen on march 14 , after she caught up with friends at the local good intent hotel .   police and the dog squad returned to her home in grafton on monday with a crime scene warrant .   ms edwards and her husband , john , still own their family home on neill st. sharon edwards , 55 .
the american chemical society in washington said the science behind the avengers in a video for iron man 's suit - and captain america 's shield - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies .   the science of marvel 's avengers made only of iron , would have weighed around 70kg -lrb- 150lbs -rrb- .   but dr raychelle burks said it was made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol .
robbie fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in premier league history for liverpool against arsenal in 1994 .   thierry henry scored a treble in liverpool 's 2-2 draw with arsenal at anfield in december .   fowler has scored two of the five hat-trick in the premier league .
laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief .   the british photographer , 38 , asked friends and women she met to pose ` as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project .   she found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up .
responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office .   obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach ` would be foolish . '   walker fired back at obama on twitter after he spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them .
call comes as europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in mediterranean .   hundreds have died in recent days to get from northern africa to italy .   david cameron insists eu 's own rules on asylum-seekers are not working .
a utah photographer , alan lawrence , created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son , wil , had down syndrome his ` mind was flooded with many emotions '   he said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could .   little wil has taken the limits off and ` opened so many doors ' for his family in return , the father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos .   lawrence decided to compile the photos
as a fly , the fly becomes attached to the frozen beef steak .   like the infamous scene from dumb and dumber involving ice , a ski lift and a sense of panic sets in .   the video was recorded in auckland , new zealand .
experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time .   nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river .   china 's first emperor ordered for the stretch to be built along yellow river to stop invaders crossing it when it was frozen .
israel 's annual day of remembrance for fallen troops and slain civilians on wednesday .   many israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died ` fighting for the national cause ' since 1860 .   shoppers closed by law on the memorial day across israel .
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset , on sunday .   photographer jack davies said it was dangerous and the sea was 10 metres below andrei .   mr burton and joe seddon , 19 , andrei burton , joe seddon and andrei burton also captured .
john brown says celtic have a case of ` sour grapes ' about scottish cup exit .   brown was part of the ibrox side with an old firm scottish cup final .   ten seconds later joe miller fired home the only goal of the game .
smartphone users will be able to download the app onto their phone from june .   each device is paired with a specific qr code that can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the kitchen to scan while you make your morning coffee .   the alarm is set to go off the night and then only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code in another part of your house .
one-eyed police murderer dale cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time .   cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement .   cregan was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago .
a picture of bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london shows her posing in front if a ` no white men ' sign while pretending to cry .   non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female .   the handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men .
patrick miller , from cambridge , ` swims ' in the swimming pool at the mediterranean island for a friend 's wedding .   the three-and-a-half minute video , titled ` never letting him book a hotel again '   with scenes reminiscent of the inbetweeners films .   patrick miller and his friend created a amusing video with friend .
jason cummings and farid el alagui scored in the edinburgh derby .   alan stubbs scored a second straight win against falkirk in the scottish cup .   stubbs scored three goals in the championship with a 2-0 win .
sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer .   police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .   no one was injured .
rodrigo alves is set to appear on the new season of the e! reality show botched , this time as a mentor for another patient .   the london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants .   he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery .
jennifer drew , 31 , has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons .   she has now accumulated so many bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends .   she saves # 70 each week on food , and even even mrs drew and her husband do not have a pet .
boris milat detailed how his brother , ivan , shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962 , more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree .   mr milat told the program a secret about his brother he had kept for more than 52 years .   alan dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars .
andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .   terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september .   the 1,000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas .
alison hall , 48 , almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler .   it then shot to the back of her throat when she took a puff on her inhaler .   mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue .   ms hall said it was part of a cheap # 1.50 set she had used weeks before .
romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock .   it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the ` lovers '   they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail .   researchers looked at indirect evidence of sexually dimorphic display structures .
an unnamed wall street trader made a profit of $ 2.5 million on friday .   seconds later , the trader had snapped up 3,158 contracts of altera , with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares .   intel was in talks to buy one of its competitors , chipmaker altera .
gary hooper came off the bench to give the canaries an early lead .   former celtic striker hooper had been a transfer target for lennon .   adam le fondre scored four games for norwich city .
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francesco totti to move to boca juniors .   the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton .   osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for boca juniors .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months , after a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a # 400 a week gardener .   their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant , but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut .   philip was given a lifeline by local businessman jasen jackiw .
an analogue promotional watch is listed on the internet auction site with a ` buy it now ' price of $ 2,499.99 -lrb- # 1,707.47 -rrb- plus postage .   for the same price as the 1997 timepiece , apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest apple watch sport , which cost # 299 in the uk and still have some change .   it is still in its original box and the seller claims to have two to offload .
a university of florida redshirt freshman football player faces charges after a robbery at a gainesville apartment .   police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun .   the other two suspects allegedly made the victims get on the floor .
helen flanagan , 24 , was pregnant with footballer scott sinclair 's child in december 2014 .   some pregnant women will use comfort over style .   helen flanagan is one of the most popular women .
steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season .   mohamed diame and michael dawson have missed half the season and robert snodgrass has not been available at all .   hull lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary 's stadium on saturday .
dirk kuyt signed a one-year contract with feyenoord for nine years .   the former holland forward was a dutch footballer of the year in 2006 .   he made 104 appearances for the netherlands at last year 's world cup .
warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat .   the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand .   warrington 's losing run is their worst since 2009 .
former queens park rangers chairman gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company .   paladini has been the first move to buy birmingham city since he left loftus road in 2011 .   the italian looks to have a way back into football .
atletico madrid beat levante 3-0 in la liga on monday .   paco alcacer paco alcacer scored in the third minute .   alvaro negredo equalised for the home side with seven games left .
in february the dietary guidelines advisory committee recommended keeping the larger limit to 2,300 milligrams , with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for african americans and people over 50 .   this is because that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk , but some scientists have warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of thousands of americans each year .   the federal government regulations and the american heart association have for 2015 .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 in the premier league at the etihad .   sergio aguero gave manchester city into a two goal lead .   david silva and jesus navas both scored the joint leading scorer .
uefa will be defending champions league winner plus title holders .   arsenal , atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in august .   real madrid would drop down if barcelona wins champions league and spanish league .
the victims of a medical experiment run by the united states in guatemala deliberately infected individuals with syphilis in order to test drugs .   the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected , and many among them were orphans .   it is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease , only 25 % were reported to have completed their treatment .
maren sanchez is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez .   the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band .   bonner was on guitar duty for spuran spuran .   spurs have won their last 11 matches .
rafael benitez is being lined up to replace benitez at napoli .   sampdoria president massimo ferrero is favourite chant of the goodison park and old trafford .   the spaniard is linked with the job as sampdoria 's blucerchiati boss .
sponge bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact .   six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in november when she was suffering breathing difficulties .   sponge bobby was found with breathing problems at widemouth on the north coast of cornwall .
felipe massa left ferrari at the end of 2013 .   williams head of vehicle performance claimed he was best of brazilian .   williams driver says he is good for the title .
the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured .   a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik , iceland , on tuesday .   passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane .
mr cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on .   he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side of the first black or asian prime minister .   the claim will be published as britain 's first black prime minister .
wigan athletic played for millwall on loan from leicester in 2013 .   waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for wigan and one .   lions no 1 david forde came on to break the rare strike .
le classique picnic baskets costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- for two people .   customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online .   visitors or picnic baskets can picnic with wine .
jessica hardy , 23 , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid .   the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin .   jessica 's dangerous diy treatment gave her chemical burns .
dave roberts has bungee jumped off the transporter bridge over the river tees 100 years after his ancestor jumped to his death for a bet worth just a sixpence .   mr roberts is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough , followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister 's footsteps .   mr mcallister was challenged to jump off the bridge by a friend after drinking in a pub in port clarence .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg .   local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat .   one of the women started to perform cpr as the other called 911 .
mark clattenburg named to take charge of manchester derby on sunday .   english referee sent off three players from united and city this season .   clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side .
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado 's lotus on lap 49 of the chinese grand prix .   jenson button was given two penalty points on the race stewards and button .   maldonado was given a five-second penalty after the race .
chelsea 's under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over roma in switzerland on friday .   brown was on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers on sunday .   the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk .
andrew chan wed inside the chapel at besi prison on monday with immediate family present .   this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .   febyanti and chan met each other in kerobokan prison as part of her role as a pastor .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano .   since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views .   ` there are n't many people here , ' a hiker says in spanish .
veteran broadcaster peter alliss claimed gender equality laws have ` b ***** up the game for a lot of people '   alliss ' comments come as the 2016 open championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the bbc before sky sports takes over .   recent legislation has given women more rights in golf clubs and st george 's have both voted to admit female members for the first time .   alliss said bbc should have done more to secure open coverage .
landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12.25 pm .   joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .   martin was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center .
sydney anti-ageing doctor julie epstein has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission for her conduct between august 2007 and august 2009 .   she had been giving substances such as steroids and hormones to her patients .   dr epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed .
annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables .   more than half of uk children do n't have any veg .   44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis .
jessica mccarty was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident .   investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was ` sorry for what she had to do ' just 24 hours before their death .   palm bay city council has renamed a little league field in their town ` angels ' field .
novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the miami open on friday night .   djokovic will face andy murray in sunday 's final .   djokovic will win his fifth key biscayne title in miami .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal 6-3 , 6-3 to reach the monte carlo masters final .   the world no 1 lost the first two games of the match against tomas berdych .   nadal will now win his third masters title in a row .
luis enrique 's side beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the copa del rey final .   cristiano ronaldo , lionel messi and gerard pique all scored for barcelona .   neymar is a child in the champions league .
east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many vintage enthusiast 's calendar .   event is spread across two weeks from may 2 to 17 .   cotswolds olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by local barrister robert dover .
dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living .   with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away as his fellow students live in their dorm rooms .   he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall , 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living with only the present day .
conor o'shea has ruled the 29-year-old out of saturday 's aviva premiership match against sale .   brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to harlequins .   brown was knocked out in the rbs 6 nations test against italy .
police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10 pm in perth .   the 16-year-old boy , from bicton , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and will appear in perth children 's court on may 6 .   he will appear before the club .
alice tatlow was banned from every birmingham boozer for being ` drunk and disorderly '   publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales .   the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol .   they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 .
robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble .   andreas pereira is on brazil under 20 duty .   manchester united have lost their last four league games against manchester city .
annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse have found a way to exist within the mormon universe .   church doctrine states that anybody who takes gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion .   the three have managed to walk a line between the two .   as a man , she had married and fathered a child .
jiang min has now run out of cash and ca n't afford food , let alone medical treatment for baby mengyu and their older daughter .   doctors said it 's best for mengyu to have her operation between the age of four to six months .   the couple 's oldest daughter is aged ten .
disgraced nbc anchor brian williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel ` really ugly ' , it has been reported .   he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after veterans called him out after he lied about being aboard a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade .   nbc news chief andrew lack wanted williams to resume his role .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a # 1.5 million bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours .   obi okeke , the owner of fusion luxury motors , was interviewed on the video on mayweather 's facebook page and spoke about the very late phone call he received .   obi okele , who owns fusion luxury , was added to his collection of impressive motors .
grace mann , 20 , has been charged with abduction and murder in the death of his roommate , 20-year-old grace rebecca mann of falls church .   mann 's parents , local judge thomas mann and his wife melissa , remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found dead in her rented home in virginia .   her third roommate , steven vander briel , 30 , was reportedly home when the discovery was made , but fled the house .
shabana bibi , 25 , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body .   police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh .   bibi had been married to siddique for three years .
if the former u.s. secretary of state reaches her goal and is sworn in as the united states in january 2017 , she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan , ever to open the voting to the white house .   hillary clinton is in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the uk and the us .   the hashtag #grandmothersknowbest used on hillary clinton 's first world war slogan : ` your country needs you '
brazilian ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty .   brazilian ace ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with american side fort lauderdale .   ronaldo and zidane share a high five at geoffroy guichard stadium .
charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up .   harry kane scored in qpr 's 3-3 draw with aston villa .   danny welbeck scored 17 premier league goals in five games .
sarah haywood , who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for private jets and chartering yachts .   for the 0.01 per cent , mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner haywood .   money is of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events .
the royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain 's most elite sporting venues .   it 's attracted royals including prince william and harry , actress stephanie powers and rolling stone bill wyman .   charles was the first member of the club .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united .   both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have thrown their backing behind a fans ' boycott of the game .   cardiff welcomed 2,200 leeds fans to the cardiff city stadium in november 's game .
the bus ploughed into the engine of the uzbekistan boeing 777 passenger jet .   tashkent is the largest international airport in uzbekistan , and the busiest in central asia so the crash will have delayed many passengers .   ryanair passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar were delayed for hours after two ryanair planes clipped wings at dublin airport back on april 1 .
andrew o'clee , 36 , secretly moved in philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away .   last week he was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy .   now , michelle , 39 , said her husband of six years had been leading a double life .
the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` vulcan aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems .   the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500 lbs -lrb- 6,124 kg -rrb- into orbits between 112 miles and 2000 km above earth .   the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years .   now boasts one dedicated to princess diana alone .   says she has no plans to stop collecting and is a labour of love .
sandstone rock formation found in coyote buttes area of arizona strip in paria canyon-vermilion cliffs wilderness area .   experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day for the area .   10 of them released a four months in the other ten permits .
bmw is recalling 91,800 mini coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash .   the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s will need to be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system .   bmw will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free .
aston villa beat qpr aston villa at villa park on tuesday night .   tim sherwood scored seven minutes to cancel his hat-trick .   chris ramsey equalised for aston villa in the 1-1 draw .
jimmy anderson won england test wicket-taking record at no 8 in his 100th test .   west indies captain denesh ramdin took his 384th wicket in test cricket .   colin graves failed to win the new ecb chairman on friday .
the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places .   geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop .   residents on hokkaido island say they are no tremors .
jose mourinho 's side face david ospina in the north london on sunday .   david ospina scored an ankle injury in the first half .   laurent koscielny scored a penalty for the visitors .
more than 200 yazidi women were released near kirkuk , northern iraq .   around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when islamic state fighters attacked yazidi villages last summer .   hundreds have been able to return after being set free by isis .
billy gordon resigned from the labor party but refused to resign .   until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding .   cook mp billy gordon was told by queensland premier annastacia palaszczuk .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino insists he has no desire to be popular among southampton fans .   the argentine will be given a reception at st mary 's on saturday .   ronald koeman , his brother erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg .
brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's house in early march .   his mother shared this photo of him to facebook to deter others from taking drugs .   doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother , kelly smith-miller , wrote on facebook .
fa cup defeated cardiff 1-0 at the madejski stadium on april 18 .   pavel pogrebnyak scored in a shot from aron gunnarsson against reading .   reading face arsenal in the unbeaten run of three matches .
the salford red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan .   both players finish with 12 men as salford 's leading scorer with his seventh of the campaign .   john bateman were sent off two minutes after an incident at huddersfield in friday .
kellogg 's warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes .   its two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland .   corporation tax is 12.5 per cent compared with the uk 's 20 per cent .
the rubber bowl in akron , ohio , was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the university of akron 's football team for 68 years .   rubber bowl hosted acts like the rolling stones , ringo starr , black sabbath , simon & garfunkel , alice cooper , bon jovi , bob dylan .   the city of akron owned the title to the stadium for just $ 1 in 1971 .
thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day at an rsl club in elsternwick , south-east of melbourne about 8.00 pm on wednesday .   the woman allegedly steals the box of anzac badges and money with her vest at the caulfield rsl .   the rsl general manager has posted footage on social media to track down the woman .
surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group stay in cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine .   not all jellyfish found off uk beaches can sting humans .   for 500 million years stings are mild or are treated .
lake titicaca is one of the world 's largest lakes , and its highest navigable one .   it is vast , remote , unworldly .   it was built in london in 1862 .
cell phone footage recorded by the unnamed customer , starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served .   the customer then asked for a refund , but the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap .   after four separate requests to a manager , the employee got physical with the customer .
zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes .   paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic has been banned after a referee last month .   ibrahimovic will return for the last three matches of the season .
the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo in the children 's marathon .   victoria beckham at the london marathon today is one of the world 's most successful female designers .   victoria beckham wore a jeans and ` team romeo ' t-shirt with a t-shirt at # 1,500 .
ed balls has ruled out any post-election pact with snp that would put scotland ahead of england .   shadow chancellor said he was ` unequivocal ' that he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party .   more than half of scots plan to back snp in general election .
sacha whitehead , 26 , received waterproof clothing , blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless .   the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi .   sydney 's dispossessed have suffered worst of the wild weather .
brooke geherman posted video of her son kowen , sending off his pet the right way by flushing it down the toilet .   the home video is filmed by mother brooke geherman , from alberta , canada .   kowen is a funeral for his pet goldfish , top and toilet .
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study .   it uses a system of ballast tanks which fill with water to shift the centre of gravity in the vessel moving it to 90 degrees .   it is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature .
the 38-year-old starred in comedy limmy 's show .   he uploaded a video of a massive spider out of his mouth .   limmy commented ` sweet dreams ' to his fans .
jordan henderson lost the ball 23 times in liverpool 's 1-0 win over newcastle .   the england star was a wing back in the premier league 's easter weekend .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has not won the captain 's armband .
paris saint-germain beat psg 3-1 at the nou camp on wednesday night .   lionel messi and neymar scored 3-1 lead in the first half .   luis suarez scored a double at parc des princes for the brazilian .
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 , causing a 39-vehicle pileup near boulder and other bad wrecks .   in aurora , near denver , one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225 .   the only person on the bus was its driver , who was n't hurt .
boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly .   xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings .   chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th .
caitlin kellie-jones was born on may 10 last year weighing 7lbs 4oz .   she was given hypothermia in order to keep her alive after a normal pregnancy .   she suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy -lrb- hie -rrb- , a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood .   nicola kellie-jones and paul with children caitlin and dylan are raising money to help other children .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup in march .   louis van gaal 's # 60million signing missed manchester united 's 3-0 win over tottenham at old trafford .   paul scholes believes united 's run of form has improved .
google confirmed to yahoo finance in statement that its current policy changed .   company will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service .   google 's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic .
amanda knox said she would lobby on behalf of other people who were jailed ` because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one 's life '   they were freed on appeal in 2011 and knox returned to the us with ex school friend colin sutherland .   last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal guilty of the murder again .   in an open letter she said she was ` relieved ' and said she had ` give back '   knox is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder
carl frampton offered # 1.5 million to face scott quigg in july 18 fight .   the proposal was made live on tv with frampton 's team .   eddie hearn said the cheque offered 1.5 m reasons for the boxers .
a family court judge ruled that the boy must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health .   she was told how the youngster had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago .   the judge said the boy 's parents , who are latvian , had accepted that their son had suffered from ` poor dental hygiene ' due to a diet high in sugar .
qpr had lost 13 of 14 league away games before saturday 's 4-1 victory at west brom .   chris ramsey believes qpr could have won the last two league games .   qpr are currently in 19th place just three points behind safety .
karen wakefield and paul dawson could face three months in jail for refusing to pay fines for taking her 13-year-old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey .   it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light .   she has refused to pay two initial fines of # 1,000 each .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street .   stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar .   her attacker , thought to be stover , was hiding in another stall .
a 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his car straight through the front doors of a police station .   the station was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .   police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's legacy of weight around the midriff for years .   but the happy couple live in manitoba are using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model .   the 52-year-old says men love her ` perfect belly ' and says she does n't know her belly .
thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in devon to fill the space of old kent road .   but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board .   exeter has all previous cities to get their own board .
comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion .   the proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers across the nation .   federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock .
john suchet , 71 , was described by her husband as ` the love of my life '   last night suchet said it was a ` private family matter '   he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences .   the classic fm dj and presenter has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis and is honorary president of the dementia uk charity .   bonnie died peacefully on 15th april 2015 .
the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the problem of luggage theft .   airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .   31 employees have been arrested for theft in miami since 2012 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ` btw am out of work atm '   insurance giant admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at looking for work because they failed to string a normal sentence together .   more than 5,000 staff voiced fears in evidence to welsh assembly 's enterprise and business committee .   young job seekers fill in application forms using ` txt spk ' - text speak .
villarreal beat getafe 1-1 in la liga on sunday .   villarreal defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball .   villarreal have failed to win in seven games and are sixth on 51 points .
nick scholfield will ride jim culloty 's spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on saturday .   scholfield had been expected to partner sam winner in the # 1million race .   scholfield will travel to ireland to sit on spring heeled at county cork stable .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges .   she worked at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013 .   allegations against ms ratcliffe include claims she failed to monitor patients .
majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job .   experts said training was ` heavily geared ' towards young people .   over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 .   older workers could not become complacent and must constantly ` reskill '
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , with three people killed in australia and south africa .   thirteen-year-old elio canestri , who was attacked and killed while surfing off the coast of reunion a week ago , was killed by an eight-foot bull shark .   reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson 's do n't stop 'til you get enough to pharrel williams ' happy .   the royal mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world '   the video shows the postman exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer nichola sullings 57 , of exeter .   adam said : ` some say adam prowse delivers in style ' and has been dancing .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
disgraced former cia director david petraeus will not go to jail for giving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him .   he was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested .   petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal .
many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands .   critics allege the dvla was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed .   drivers have bills of up to # 800 to get their impounded vehicles back .
kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries .   her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent have been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty .   williamson allegedly locked his daughter in the bedroom while he slept during the day .
the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags at one of its historic homes in an ` experiment '   the move was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ` misguided '   national trust said the beanbag experiment was ` short-term '   art historian bendor grosvenor said : ` i do n't want a new museum in context and that it 's patronising nonsense '   he said the experiment was
iran has agreed to restrict its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions .   the president 's comments come days after the u.s. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb iran 's nuclear program .   ` it 's personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for israel 's interests .
vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated after her 10-year-old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in bristol .   she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home but received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet .   mrs garton 's 10-year-old dog is partially sighted , partially deaf and can not walk long distances and has been missing for a fortnight .
zayn malik announced he was leaving one direction last week .   he posted a clip of a track entitled i wo n't mind , but has since taken it down .   zayn 's former bandmate louis tomlinson retweeted a fan video entitled , ` naughty boy saved zaughty ' - an amalgamation of zayn and naughty boy 's names .
a man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday .   he threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till drawer and up to $ 1,500 .   police were reportedly called to the union st dairy .
chelsea captain john terry is on course to appear in all 38 premier league matches for chelsea this season .   the blues captain has made an appearance in 33 premier league games this season .   terry has played 2,970 minutes and three goals in their 33 games .
the centre pompidou malaga is a multi-million pound regeneration project .   it has opened to visitors , new galleries and museums in the southern spanish port .   it has been one of europe 's hippest models .
gigi hadid 's sister bella hadid , 19 , is on sale for $ 500 .   bella hadid models a $ 895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit .   the 18-year-old is 18 months old stars in the may issue of elle magazine .
festival will not return to australia in 2016 .   many people were arrested over drug-related offences at future music festival events around the country between february 28 and march 9 .   organisers of the annual event said it has been cancelled .
gianluigi buffon has played with iker casillas and andrea pirlo .   former ac milan captain paolo maldini won the champions league .   iker casillas is one of the best part of the world 's best .
london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike .   called babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .   both are # 500 -lrb- $ 740 -rrb- less if bought through indiegogo .
bunkie king was 20 years old when she started a relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona .   ms king , 60 , had a 15-year affair with thompson in 1975 movie scobie malone .   ms king has two children with her ex-husband , also reveals how she shared one man with her sister , 20 .
ap mccoy 's mount in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday has been installed as one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up .   mr mole will be mccoy 's last ride in a grade one race .   ap mccoy and nicky henderson 's sprinter sacre will have six rivals in the celebration at sandown to be ridden by cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in chase of injured barry geraghty .
aimee west , 24 , has found happiness with a friend of the murdered soldier .   just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , she is said to be in a relationship with major draper 's ex-wife , jane .   she said their three children were aware he was dating miss west .
former england rugby star mike tindall tweeted ` holy s *** '   he bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner .   he was given the all-clear to run in the grand national in 41 years .   monbeg was also successful last year on another 25-1 shot , pineau de re .
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies .   his son jameson was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment .   jameson will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more treatment .
the state , which supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion almond market , is in its fourth year of drought .   almond growers in california are at the time of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in the us .   the company has been ` taking mountain streams ' with immediate effect .
aston villa could sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as # 2.5 million .   the spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds .   andone was born in romania but has scored six goals in 17 games .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them and bayern are set .   the two clubs meet with 31 points and nine positions in the standings .   wolfsburg host bottom-placed stuttgart on saturday in the champions league .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers .   the brand failed remove ` sexist ' paintings from their vans including the slogan , ` in every princess , there 's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once '   the company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet .   members of the wicked pickets protest group have started painting over slogans .
moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park in south africa .   she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo .   moya 's sister rone odendaal , 24 , is a teacher at laerskool lothair .
louis jordan , 37 , who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina , suffered no sun damage , despite more than two months exposed to the elements .   the coast guard crew rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn .   he left hours later on friday in good health .
70 per cent of manchester united will win the title next season .   louis van gaal 's side are defeated 1-0 at the united stadium .   van gaal is a winner of van gaal and memphis depay .
doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace .   he 's being released from federal custody to return to florida .   hughes said it was a political protest .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness , scotland , on wednesday .   a shop assistant spotted the image of jesus on a hot cross bun .   comes two days after a assistant from peterborough spotted the picture of christ .
nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting a police officer at byron bay blues festival .   the 39-year-old , who was already facing serious drug charges , was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on easter friday .   kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away .
the lioness locks its teeth on the giraffe 's leg , the animal already visibly wounded .   lioness researcher brent stapelkamp saw the dramatic tussle in hwange national park .   the lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in .
the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of national geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby '   president lincoln was assassinated by john wilkes booth at a performance of the play ` our american cousin ' in april 1865 .   he would roll the agency into another department .   for the state , even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the u.s. civil war president 's assassination .
eugenie bouchard had a hit with sports illustrated cover model hannah ward at the crandon park tennis center in florida .   the tennis golden girl also met up with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings .   world no 1 serena williams on saturday 's final against spain 's carla suarez navarro .
louise redknapp says trouser can come as the wide leg trouser jean .   lou jeans will not go out of the leg trouser .   the trouser is a wide leg trouser .
pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter , and quickly went viral .   footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms .   it 's unclear if or not this is a military tank serving the state army .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore .   authorities say she could face as many as 8 years in prison .   ouyang admitted to poisoning two students ' bottles and her own .
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the northern territory .   it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport , and would then be sent on to the tiwi islands to the north .   officers then decided to x-ray the lamb , which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana .
christine carriage , 67 , handed suspended sentence at norwich crown court .   grandmother hoarded items of stolen clothing , shoes and handbags .   but this week 67-year-old walked free from court .
staff at scooter 's coffee , in omaha were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , by an ` unknown third party ' who then took control of the picture feed .   instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages after they were hacked .   scooter 's said that the images which appeared on their facebook page were similar to the images .
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee .   the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade .   the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2uenews twitter account .
carlos tevez has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer .   former manchester city striker is on course to win a serie a title with the old lady .   club president daniel angelici believes tevez must terminate his contract with juventus .
photographer james oatway took chilling images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday .   pictures of the attack sent around the world , with the journalist of not doing enough to prevent mr sithole 's death .   he also told how he tried to save mr sithole for fear of being attacked by a man who had failed to turn up for his shift .
three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence .   three men , who are in their 50s are all from the york area , were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance .   ms lawrence was 35 when she failed to turn up to work in the university of york for her 6am shift .
arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari insists that the flag should be taken down .   fabregas is set to start against his former club at the emirates on sunday .   the spanish midfielder has been on return to english football .
gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property .   the owner of a florida mansion accused of being home to a ` secret stripper school ' has decided to sell up after being found in violation of country zoning codes over noisey parties .   property has also been home to pharaoh 's daughters , a school for strippers , but lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds .
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday , nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school .   fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order against him when he allegedly bought a beretta pistol in january 2013 .   fryberg , who is accused of lying about whether he had threatened her , slapped her and pulled her hair .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again .   history of the area dates back to may 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal river avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of bristol .   council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .
rapid growth and establishment of islamic state in iraq and syria discovered in syria .   blueprints for isis secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages .   handwritten charts and notes of samir al-khlifawi , a former iraqi army .
in los angeles , lady gaga was set to mark its 50th anniversary .   300,000 people come to salzburg to visit the film at mirabell gardens .   the film was filmed in february .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers 1-0 .   a failed clearance fell to the feet of asprilla at the box .   city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a glimpse at mobility of the future .
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren have hired lawyers to look into a wrongful death suit against bruce jenner .   mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which jenner 's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a pacific coast highway in malibu , california on february 7 .   mr jenner is said to have ` rear-ended ' her white lexus which was pushed into oncoming traffic , and collided with a black hummer .
maggie , 53 , found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother maggie at chicago 's brookfield zoo .   he has already raised four children of her own and a fifth surrogate for her in 2002 .   his mother and another surrogate mother rejected him .
tory leader david cameron says recovery must be seen in every part of the country .   he said that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 .   the tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 .
david zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday .   this is the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like oprah winfrey 's own .   as for his base salary , it will stay for his contract .
eve addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd an allergy .   but she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash .   about 70 per cent of people diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck .
michelle hansen , 32 , of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child .   she must also register as a sex offender for life .   if she had been convicted at trial hansen would have faced 13 years in prison .
labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia .   amongst the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara .   only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of three production stages of their clothing .
martyn uzzell , 51 , was riding from land 's end to john o'groats .   he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole .   the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard .
a seven-month-old boy 's death has been ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter .   izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day .   no arrests have been made in the incident .
jessica ennis-hill will return to the olympic stadium three years on to compete in the sainsbury 's anniversary games .   the 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013 and gave birth to her son reggie last summer .   ennis-hill will take part in the two-day meeting on july 24 .
cesc fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder charlie adam 's arm during chelsea 's win against stoke city at stamford bridge .   spain international fabregas also took a whack on his leg during the clash on saturday .   fabregas suffered a broken nose for spain .
manchester city beat chelsea 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday .   manchester city captain vincent kompany , manager manuel pellegrini and head of youth development patrick vieira .   kompany witnesses a 3-1 defeat as chelsea take a strong lead .
kitten survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood .   six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , last month and sustained serious injuries .   cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the medical bills and surgeries .
social media rules to censor coverage on social media , two weeks after islamic state was to abandon iraqi city of tikrit .   with isis propaganda team to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group 's internal problems .   some isis supporters appear to be an attempt by isis as a breach of online security .
the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport on sunday .   the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway , before bursting into flames .   the reason for the crash is not yet known .
cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer .   ` it 's been a great adventure , ' schieffer said at the college .   schieffer also posted the news of his retirement to his twitter account wednesday night .
charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus .   terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 .
barcelona travel to paris for the first leg and blanc .   lionel messi will lead the line for barcelona at the parc des princes on wednesday .   lionel messi has been in form since the turn of the year .
george w. bush ` just stood and took it ' when the mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary dana perino has said .   dana perino said the woman 's husband tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just took it .   perino served in the bush administration for seven years .
matthew bird has fathered three children and was expected to pay $ 1,300 a month in child support .   he said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a wage of $ 38,000 a year .   his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month .
samantha cameron 's support of uk business at conservative party 's manifesto launch in swindon .   mrs cameron wore # 185 emerald green wrap dress by designer the fold .   sam cam , 43 , specialises in contemporary work-wear .
west brom 's craig dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony following retrospective action .   ben foster has been ruled out for six months with crucial knee ligaments .   callum mcmanaman is also out with a foot injury .
a poll of 15,560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether .   another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia .   british medical association survey said 34 per cent were considering retiring within the next five years .
maarij khan has been told he must leave britain and move to bangladesh weeks after his little brother died following a long battle with cancer .   3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in britain .   saffat died of meningitis last month after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer .
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting schools and will go to college in the fall of 2016 .   she has n't even finished high school , but president obama said he 's ` sad ' and he ` starts tearing up in the middle of the day and i ca n't explain it '   the 11th grade student said on tuesday during the easter prayer breakfast : ` they 're leaving me '   malia 's sister sasha , 13 , wo n't let her go on college for a few years
emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench .   anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots .   four south african men suspected of killing mozambican national emmanuel sithole in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday .
the borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river , massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint .   borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 .   she was acquitted , but her innocence is questioned even today .
riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20 .   he was once the double heavyweight champion and reportedly had $ 15million , but he is now offering to post tweets for $ 20 .   46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal .
mary pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week .   the official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children '   but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie , 52 , is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election .   she had previously told colleagues that her leaving would be ' a big sacrifice for
notable tv shows including true blood and twilight film series .   kristen stewart and robert pattinson are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of the church .   pope ` did n't intend to perform any exorcism ' , expert says .
the poster , promoting weight loss , comes under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed .   internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster - from protein world .   the spoof advert follows as the protein world original .
abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , had returned from work to his family home to find his entire family were dead from suspected food poisoning .   mr and mrs zeyat , and six of their children are thought to have died from food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning .   the family was pronounced dead at the scene .
valerie cadman-khan , 56 , from middlesbrough , appeared on this morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect .   her daughter aimee , now 19 , was just 12 .   valerie recalled how she was cuffed in front of her scared and crying daughter .
jia jiang is a family of teachers and jia jiang .   the jia jiang was a child in china .   he was able to reach america by a hole in the garden .
more than half of those newly diagnosed with hiv in britain were born overseas .   nigel farage attacked high cost of treatment for foreigners with hiv .   ukip leader was accused of ` dangerous scaremongering ' in thursday 's debate .
thomas brock , 30 , died when he was shot at his home in pasadena , california , after being involved in an argument with another motorist .   police have now arrested brothers steven rodriguez , 24 , and jacob rodriguez , 29 , and charged them with capital murder following the alleged road rage killing .   mr brock was involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death .
young people who watch films featuring alcohol consumption are more likely to binge drink .   scientists quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50 , including bridget jones ' diary and aviator .   between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular uk box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only .
13 letters that hung over yankee stadium were estimated to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday .   the letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in the bronx since 1976 , the year before jackson joined the team .   sotheby 's was auctioning off a new york mets bullpen car from the late 60s .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere for several years .   he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height '   dr wainwright claims he has new evidence of these ` extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles -lrb- 40km -rrb- above the planet 's stratosphere .   his views have been dismissed by the scientific community .
no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform .   44 % of the former secretary of state 's followers are ` good ' , and 41 per cent are ` inactive '   clinton 's twitter audience is 25 per cent fake .   at least 7 per cent were fake .
saige , five , who 's from the us , decided to give her a telling-off about the ` mess ' in their house and her brother 's bad behaviour .   says she will move out and stay with her mum 's best friend : ` i 'm moving on , i 'm going to jenn 's ! '   saige says she 's been in the house ` way too long ' for five years .   in the video , ` saige is mad and she has to move on '
city have won the last four at manchester derby this sunday .   manuel pellegrini 's side have not lost five in a row to city .   louis van gaal 's side are currently in the premier league .
french climber alain robert climbed the 75-storey tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk .   he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist , for assistance .   the 52-year-old has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world .
retired training captain said an air start motor rotates the jet engines before fuel and starting the ignition .   flight attendants eat the same meals .   if meals are served , pilots do not eat same reheated chicken or pasta dishes .
women paid 62p an hour in mauritius to make ` feminist ' t-shirts have been beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ` sweatshop ' factory .   at the end of a peaceful three-day protest , bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them .   now 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs .
jonathan keats has designed a ` millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus .   the camera is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment .   hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his ` millennium ' .
hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton .   more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday .   one tornado blew through granbury at 7pm on saturday night , and winds of up to 80mph were reported in hood county and dallas county .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for live-in carer .   council want to move mr clark from house he has lived in for 50 years .   charity has given mr clark and emergency grant to fund care needs .
rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles -lrb- 14 km -rrb- of comet 67p 's surface .   the top right frame offers a stunning view onto hapi , the comet 's ` neck ' region .   its camera was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail .
the 30-year-old singer said she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease .   she was bedridden for five months because she was trying to recover from the disease .   lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite .
michael owen 's 66-yard and sav show on bt sport 's fletch .   former england striker said he did n't believe adam 's strike was goal of the season .   former liverpool star steve mcmanaman has been criticised for his comments .
dozens of items from the entertainer 's estate will go under the hammer in new york .   memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america - one gold and one platinum for the album ` then .   jones , best known for the band the monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 .
kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for second consecutive year .   it was the ninth career title for japanese japanese japanese .   gerard pique and shakira attend the final during day seven of barcelona open .
the stars were out in full force at the grosvenor house in london .   kane , the pfa player of the year and young player , has four goals and four assists from 27 starts for brendan rodgers ' team .   manchester city midfielder frank lampard is nominated for two separate awards .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour .   the website has an identical style to google with users given option to ` zlatan search ' or ` i 'm feeling zlatan ' in a house style that is identical to google .   the click of the former button takes users to articles about ibrahimovic on google .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north london street on april 16 and then in lincoln the next day .   but it has also been deployed when he is in a car park , a factory or a stool on stage .   as mr miliband 's election campaign at arcelormittal orbit in olympic park .
supermodel twiggy , 65 , models her new summer range for m&s .   her latest collection will be available on may 14 .   will instantly update your summer wardrobe with prints and leopard-print trousers .
some of the elder children had autism and some did not .   vaccines could make autism even more likely in children who had siblings with autism .   since autism can run in families , vaccines had no effect on autism risk .
real madrid beat atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday .   cristiano ronaldo scored a brace for real madrid training on monday night .   the world player of the year saw real madrid 's partner karim benzema .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter-final .
dawn arrived on 6 march , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet , and is preparing for the key science phase of the mission .   they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- .   it is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt .
london mayor claimed it would mean ` truckfuls of taxpayers ' dosh growling up the m1 to scotland .   boris johnson and david cameron spoke to slam the snp plans to prop up labour .   snp has claimed it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament .
an estimated 1,000 soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until january 1916 , when after huge losses on the allies successfully fooled the turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula .   historian stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by princes charles and harry on the royal navy 's hms bulwark in turkey 's dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings which claimed 140,000 lives during world war one .   today , world leaders were joined by soldiers who fooled the
presidents , kings and dukes will gather in los angeles this weekend to represent their great nations .   most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 . many do n't even live on the land at all , according to the president of the republic of molossia .   at 1.3 acres , the country is the size of a football field .
yaya toure has been a shadow of the manchester city player .   manchester city are four points clear of the premier league .   yaya toure and samir nasri are among those favourites .
yaakov naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her .   naumi , 32 , was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school , admitted that some of the rituals were ` look strange '   naumi trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press , behadrey haredim .   he 's not allowed to touch the bride at any
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home .   father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november .   todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their home .
ex-new england patriots player aaron hernandez had access to a black glock pistol , a former friend testified at hernandez 's murder trial on wednesday .   hernandez , 25 , is charged with killing lloyd , but not about a separate 2013 incident in which bradley contends hernandez shot him in the face .   lloyd was found shot dead in an industrial park near hernandez 's home in massachusetts .
andreas lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying .   27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of increased risk of suicide .   medical experts say it can increase risk of self-harm at start of treatment .
the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo now 's official iphone and ipad app is also rolling out on the app store today .
google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets .   it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome .   the same google account must be signed into on the phone .
the woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil .   among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer while at the jaguar breeding project .   goska is the jaguar .
spain 's 2-0 defeat to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday .   gerard pique scored two goals in the second half in the group stage .   vicente del bosque will not be punished for a third straight title .
fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase minimum number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12 .   the proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 .   only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round were eligible for england selection .
karim benzema has scored 20 goals for real madrid this season .   the real madrid star is hoping to win the ballon d'or during his career .   real madrid and france play granada at the bernabeu on sunday .
nicola sturgeon has denied her sister 's claims she used to shave the heads off her barbie dolls .   the snp leader has racked up support across scotland since .   weeks after her resignation , the 44-year-old has been accused of savage violence .
mick schumacher will drive under his own name for the first time in his career .   he will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on sunday .   schumacher jnr is part of the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend .
kell brook is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin .   the world boxing champion was introduced to the crowd in sheffield on thursday .   brook was a winner twice on 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks .
aston villa beat west brom 1-0 in the premier league on saturday .   yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace secure 1-0 win at southampton .   brad guzan and brad guzan were also on target for aston villa .
flat rate pension should increase to ` at least ' # 160 a week .   parts of scotland have among lowest life expectancies of any part of uk .   snp will demand more expensive pension system to benefit scotland most .
lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with leighann duffy , 26 .   he smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 .   judge nicholas cooke told him he may never be released .
former world champion broner was taken at the barclay 's center in brooklyn on saturday night .   the pair , with broner 50 cent in all dark with a new york yankees cap .   adrien broner sports a bright shirt and bling with his own initials .
dorothy , toto , the lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of oz for the first time .   it is thought that after filming was over the 1939 hollywood classic began .   each painting was tipped to fetch $ 9,000 - around # 35,000 to an unnamed buyer .
11 former atlanta public school educators were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the atlanta school system .   the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses .   the 11 will all be sentenced on april 8 and could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges .
liverpool beat blackburn fa cup semi-finals at ewood park .   philippe coutinho scored the winner for liverpool with 20 minutes to play .   jordan henderson and kolo toure scored in the quarter-final replay .
school prefect elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger 's syndrome .   her parents said she was ` happy to be odd and eccentric ' but was ` very much in denial ' about her condition .   the doctor who and sherlock fan , who was described by her mother , had wanted to fit in at school .
john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' during his career as a customs specialist at london airports .   he has had ` to listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they try to smuggle in snakes , bush meat .   frost and his team detect drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters .
maria teresa turrion borrallo will be helping the duchess as a mother of two .   pippa recently returned to london after several days with boyfriend nico jackson in geneva .   her role will echo one she has played with prince george .
lord neuberger said britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society .   he said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs .   rebekah dawson was told she had to remove her face veil .
a saturday night live skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy 's dream .   in u.s. schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women .   this year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in january compared to 19 cases .
rafa benitez admitted he tried to sign andre schurrle before the midfielder joined wolfsburg in january .   the napoli manager will see his side line up against the german outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition on thursday .   schurrle also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo .
manchester city confident uefa 's punishment for breaching financial regulations will be lifted at the end of this season .   uefa 's settlement with city would allow them to bid for stellar names like raheem sterling , gareth bale , kevin de bruyne and ross barkley .   city boss manuel pellegrini has a net spend of # 49million in the last two transfer windows .
phoebe jo chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the lowndes county sheriff 's office in valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault .   police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys .   all three admitted to having sexual relations with chapman .
ed miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 .   first-time buyers will say labour 's reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers .   labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance .
in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday , the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide .   the footage was posted on shropshire-based facebook user mark hazell 's account and was viewed around 2million times in less than 48 hours before being removed .   eventually the car stopped across the lorry 's bonnet .
aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee and will be out for six months .   the 26-year-old has started 15 tests for the world champions in last two years .   new zealand 's coach steve hansen says he will be the world cup in wasps ' premiership clash with leicester on may 9 .
downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to step down as director of the chalke valley history festival .   visitors to the festival will also be able to hear accounts of dambuster george ` johnny ' johnson , and battle of britain fighter pilot tom neil .   this year it will be more than 140 speakers .
ding junhui suffered a lapse of concentration at the world snooker championships .   the chinese world no 3 screwed back up the table to get on the blue .   ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for a maximum break .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
attorney general eric holder sent a memo on friday to justice department employees that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing .   holder said the department 's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal .   house oversight and government reform committee chairman jason chaffetz called the findings ` stunning ' the doj is investigating the disciplinary process .
football-mad logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned .   spanish police called to the scene at 14.30 and tried to revive him using cpr .   logan was on holiday in lanzarote teguise on the eastern side of island .
natural world safaris has launched a new series of ` ultimate safari ' adventures .   each safari can be split into separate legs in one journey .   it will be an epic world tour over 203 days , taking in 21 destinations .
the ex-tottenham and england star , 53 , was left with a 30inch scar on his left leg after his diabetes caused an artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether the leg would have to be amputated .   surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound .   mabbutt was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 , will not be able to play football again .
two small boys , ages 5 and 3 , drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into a pond in northern california .   investigators say the boys died sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore .   the 5-year-old , identified as blake cronkhite , was on the back .
benaud richie benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .   australian prime minister tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne .   benaud 's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in sydney on wednesday .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 .   she gave birth to her only child in 2008 when she was 57 .   now seven , she has asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister .
mary murphy , 66 , is thought to have tried to grab john wood , 67 , when he stumbled at the top of the stairs , but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths .   miss murphy , a retired office clerk , had lived at the property in failsworth , near oldham , all of her life .   miss murphy had looked after her elderly parents .
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave. , has been reunited with her two cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian .   the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the animals under blomberg 's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out .   after 21 years in the same apartment blomberg is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats .
tottenham will offer nabil bentaleb a new deal to ward off interest .   clubs from across europe are monitoring the algeria international .   bentaleb 's current deal expires in the summer of 2018 .
josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson on april 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david , her first child with her husband derick dillard .   per the duggar family 's rules of courtship and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day .   josiah has known marjorie for a decade .
police investigating the theft of 12 prize-winning guinea pigs from a top breeder have not ruled out - a rival competitor .   tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs .   tony , 56 , has won accolades for his cavies cavies .
napoli president aurelio de laurentiis threatened to send players to training camp ` for an unlimited period of time ' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season .   the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win .   napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their semi-final on wednesday .
yaya toure remains a top target for serie a giants inter milan .   former manchester city manager will be offered a new deal .   toure turns 32 next month .
the three men , two women and four children , have been arrested trying to enter syria illegally .   it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 .   yahya rashid is suspected of acting as an islamic state smuggler .
96 per cent of women chose the ` average ' option .   most women would strut out in public as naked as day they were born .   if women do n't fit .   to walk through ` beautiful ' or ` average option '
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday .   footage shows him entering the $ 3.8 million .   mansion in new jersey .
the u.s. department of agriculture said the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa 's osceola county .   seven other midwestern states have been hit by the virus , nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since march .   only two egg operations have been at commercial turkey farms .
pippa middleton slammed for ` promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry '   she boasted of eating whale carpaccio in a ` wonderfully convivial atmosphere '   hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in britain as it is the international whaling commission .   she has exploited legal loopholes that allow it to opt out of regulations .   last year it killed around 730 minke whales .
cancer research uk , men aged 65 and over ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents ' generation .   around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year four decades ago .   55.2 of every 100,000 people aged over 65 are diagnosed with skin cancer every year .
caroline wozniacki shared a video of her first on court interviews as a youngster .   the former world no 1 made her roland garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007 .   the dane made her french open debut as an 11-year-old .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend sarah owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife , then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma .   officers from norman police were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home .   owen arrived at the house and was trying to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated .
lionel messi says he is back to his best after a poor and trophy-free 2014 .   the catalan giants lost the la liga title to atletico madrid .   barca are top of the first leg of the champions league on wednesday .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s .   they are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try .   medical professionals say it is ` blatantly wrong ' and will frighten elderly into thinking they are being written off .
christianne boudreau of calgary , canada lost her son last year when he was killed fighting for isis in syria .   ms boudreau says her son damien was bullied in high school and turned to islam for solace in 17 .   the canadian mother is now working to stop the extremist group .
jordan spieth is the first start-to-finish winner at augusta in 39 years .   the 21-year-old held his nerve in sunday 's final round .   tiger woods ' record of an 18-under 270 and four shots clear of the field .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club .   mccoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in december and is still earning # 14,000 a week while his 12-month notice .   walter smith insists both men have left to offer in football .
geraldine schultz , 67 , died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in fairdale , illinois last week .   it showed her alongside her husband clem schultz and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory .   harvard resident alyssa murray found the photograph 35 miles away .
leroy fer is back in training and manager chris ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for saturday 's london derby .   the dutch midfielder has not appeared since he damaged medial ligaments in his knee during in a 2-0 win at sunderland .   rangers are taking a chance on fer in bid to beat relegation .
kim kardashian shared her beauty essentials on instagram and protects her skin with a # 65 spf 30 uv protecting fluid .   the cream is made with roses and aims to be used as a make-up primer .   it claims to prevent the appearance of discolorations .
jackson county chief circuit judge thomas wilson told james tingley of michigan ` the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet '   james tingley was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period .   wilson said he thinks locking tingley up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison ` is worth every penny .   ` children will be a lot safer , ' wilson said .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .   footage shows the tabby producing a range of gurgling noises as she is petted .   when her back has been watched more than 17,000 times .
brazilian supermodel seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday .   she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood , los angeles .   she was suffering ` constant headaches ' and had booked appointment two weeks ago .
rapa nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago .   hats , or ` pukao ' were rolled up ramps to reach top of figures which measure up to 40ft -lrb- 12 metres -rrb- tall .   figures have overly-large heads and are thought to be living faces of deified ancestors .
mario valencia was captured walking along a street in marana , northwest of tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out .   a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` one round just went out , the gun is loaded '   the suspect is loaded and tells him to ` stand off ' but his advice , rapiejo overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia .
ronald koeman says mauricio pochettino did at st mary 's .   the former argentina defender had to sign a five-year deal at white hart lane .   nathaniel clyne sold to southampton between 2013 and 2014 .
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group .   the girl had claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the cookie monster who touched her breasts .   perez was charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17 , amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder .
julia ware accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury .   shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors .   her father , michael ware , is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter , endangering the welfare of children and other charges .
eden hazard was on hand to turn home hazard 's square pass .   charlie adam scored a penalty for chelsea to win the three points .   chelsea captain john terry hails eden hazard as one of the world 's best players .   chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
django greenblatt-seay , 33 , said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 .   he thought it would help spike people 's interest .   greenblatt-seay used a drone to film overhead shot at hummel park in omaha , nebraska .
courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson .   england lock courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints last month .   jeff powell said lawes should apologise for an offence .
marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer marysia reeves in 2009 .   marysia broadway bikini top on holiday with chris martin in puerto vallarta , mexico last month .   the black bikini is one of the most popular women in the world .
gareth bale joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at training as real madrid train fall four points behind the la liga leaders .   gareth bale scored his shot in real madrid training drill on wednesday .   bale scored twice for wales against israel in euro 2016 qualifying .
moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence during newcastle 's defeat at anfield on sunday night .   the newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain .   newcastle manager john carver said sissoko 's tackle as ` indefensible '   sissoko said sissoko could have been shown a straight red .
new jersey governor chris christie got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting .   and now the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ` bullying ' behavior .   ` he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association said .
adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit .   called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history .   once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching per minute .
the remains are thought to belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago .   images above show some of the microscopic fungal spores found trapped inside the hardened dental plaque on the red lady of el mirón 's teeth .   her body was found in 2010 in the cave stained in sparkling red paint .
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield .   the club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract .   henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 .   henderson , 24 , is the third big player in brendan rodgers ' squad to agree a contract extension .
patrick and valerie jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall .   the jubbs purchased the bed and breakfast in jimena de la frontera , in 2008 .   it is now on the brink of being torn down .
toddler joe and anna anna took part in la chappelle on france 's mediterranean coast .   the baby bath was a child bath and a car .   it was at the time of the incident , which was to try and wash them .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the champions league on saturday .   louis van gaal was a man with the plan for the first season .   wayne rooney scored eight points for liverpool at old trafford .
kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ` pleasure troupe ' of young women .   kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in 2011 .   but now kim jong-il has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s .
vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march .   the 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck .   a 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed .
kim sears battled novak djokovic in the men 's final at the miami open .   the 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on april 11 .   on april 3 kim watched murray beat tomas berdych of the czech republic in their semi-final match in a high necked black mini dress .
clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do better .   brock james scored his second try at stade marcel michelin on saturday night .   the champions of england were knocked out of the champions cup by 10 points .
qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium , a 40,000-seater ground built in ` the gateway to the desert '   the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern .   the stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament and after the world cup its capacity will be halved to 21,000 seats .   fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable degrees celsius .
manchester united host southampton in the premier league on saturday .   ronald koeman 's side have won six matches so far this season .   clyne , out of contract next summer , won the competition as a player .
little jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china .   her mother zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill .   zheng and the youngster were playing at home for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food .
radamel falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford .   the manchester united striker scored a penalty against kuwait on monday .   falcao has only scored four goals for manchester united this season .
marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu drove around canada and buying drugs .   marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with murder on march 30 .   the boys and a friend had moved to live with their mother in miami .
chelsea beat manchester city in a youth cup final on october 22 .   jose mourinho will promote young players at the club .   john terry is the last player to join chelsea .
hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china .   hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship .   rosberg was furious with mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
richard henyekane was traveling with four other people in the vehicle .   he was the only person to die in the crash .   henyekane made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 .
american apparel debuted a new ` pro-women ' ad campaign on its instagram account for international women 's day .   the brand also shared images from the company in small print below their pictures .   the images featured in the ad were also posted on the instagram account last month .
the city of naypyidaw first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago .   after the government refused to move the capital from yangon , locals only come to live in the city .   built to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents .
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months .   one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call .   eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight .
the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 .   bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground .   the interview comes days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter .
wasps will appeal against nathan hughes in sunday 's champions cup quarter-final .   northampton wing george north was an accident and no foul play .   hughes can not be reprieved in time to face toulon this weekend .
the britain 's got talent judge is presenting a new series on itv which will highlight the plight of the animals arriving at the rspca 's newbrook farm animal centre in birmingham .   on give a home , amanda holden , the rspca and will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured .   amanda holden will host the new show on itv .
brad barritt will captain mark mccall 's side against clermont on saturday .   owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash .   saracens head coach mark mccall wants warriors .
director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california .   the franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline saying : ' a band of resistance fighters in star wars spin-off rogue one , the first of the standalone star wars films , rogue one was screene '   disney shelled out $ us4 billion to buy creator lucas 's lucasfilm in 2012 .   disney 's share price with more than $ us2 billion added to the
officer aaron stringer reportedly said ` tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of ramiro james villegas .   villegas was shot dead on november 13 by bakersfield police after a car chase .   stringer has been accused of ` tickling ' the feet of a dead man who had been recently shot killed by cops .
delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark , new jersey was diverted to boston on wednesday because of extreme turbulence .   two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at logan airport in boston .   during high winds , the plane was unable to land at jfk in new york but it landed safely .
kenny jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the championship .   david edwards scored two minutes from the end of the game .   brentford and ipswich town scored 2-1 at nottingham forest on friday .
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier .   the ant holds the centipede by just one leg .   here the centipede is in a circle .
andrew o'clee , 36 , hid his secret family from his first wife and tied the knot again with another woman .   but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge .   serial cheat o'clee had tried to cover his tracks by saying he was involved in a fraud case and had been put into the witness protection programme .
adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 .   the father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister .   his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second turned out to be abusive .
the 35-year-old has had no shortage of support from his friends during his treatment .   he 's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to sydney for medical treatment .   ` my name is chris ' campaign and website created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it ca n't be distributed on pharmaceutical benefits scheme .
rangers beat queen of the south as two goals from nicky law and raith rovers .   stuart mccall has said rangers must be on their guard against livingston .   the ibrox side is rangers ' game in hibernian with hibernian .
manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football , says west ham boss sam allardyce .   city manager manuel pellegrini believes the pressure of financial fair play rules have made the chilean 's job in world football .   allardyce believes pellegrini has most difficult time in football .
raheem sterling allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe .   the 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe .   sterling recently snubbed a # 100,000-a-week contract offer from the merseyside club .   it is said one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes .
tom ince 's former club was on loan to crystal palace in january .   blackpool chairman karl oyston has been in the premier league .   steve mcclaren , chris martin and blackpool fans all feature .
american tourist drove into oncoming traffic in thailand and crashed into 13 vehicles .   officers broke the front passenger window of the white toyota innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door .   the 29-year-old woman , named by local media as samantha or amanda , was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car .
james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a 3-2 win over germany .   the saints rising star was pictured with alex oxlade-chamberlain used to travel on train from portsmouth to the academy .   he is now hoping to return to the team bus .
suzanne evans has revealed that he is suffering from a recurring spinal injury that means he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits .   ukip leader has also pledged to be ` gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win in thanet south where he is standing to become an mp .   party 's deputy chairman suzanne evans said she would step in as leader if mr farage is forced to pull out due to ill health .
the 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom '   she claims # 18,000 in benefits because she suffers from sleep apnoea .   she says she would be a ` danger ' in the workplace .   doctors have warned ms coulson she needs to lose weight to cure her condition .
mexican federal authorities arrested juarez cartel boss jesus salas aguayo on friday .   aguayo is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics , homicide and arms trafficking .   mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to the 2009 murder of a state witness in el paso , a 2010 car-bombing .
christian benteke has scored seven goals in his last five villa games .   benteke 's future will be worth # 50,000 per week .   the belgian striker is set to play european football .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside .   liverpool face arsenal on saturday in the premier league .   sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal .
west ham only joined palace last summer in a deal worth # 7million from wigan athletic .   the scotland international has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances for the eagles this season .   west ham are also interested in james mcarthur .
fight broke out on oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full .   one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an oman air .   passengers were forced to intervene after the argument escalated into a full-blown fight on board .
former state district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association .   baugh said moralez was ` as much in control of the situation ' as rambold , the group 's board of directors .   baugh was sentenced to one month in prison in the case .
in women the two fingers are typically the same length .   men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts .   some are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs .
samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen .   kahn was apparently so chummy with siddiqui that he published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire .   siddiqui and her accused co-conspirator noelle velentzas arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate .
arsenal beat manchester united 3-2 at turf moor .   arsene wenger 's side have won at sunderland , newcastle , manchester city and now burnley .   aaron ramsey and olivier giroud scored in the 12th minute .
the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening .   the tower in cologne alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 .   a total of 132 people were aboard the plane , including 126 passengers and six crew members .
thomas buckett , 21 , plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight and sustained life-changing head injuries .   group of teenagers had broken into school 's tuck shop before scaling the roof on sunday in may 2010 .   thomas climbed on roof of clayton hall business and language college in stoke-on-trent .
the ebay listing showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date .   hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister .   lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home .
vicente del bosque 's spanish side failed to find the back of the net .   it was goals to holland 's stefan de vrij and davy klaassen .   del bosque says his side were made to pay for a opening 20 minutes .
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be .   a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium .   an equivalent serving of snickers contains 190 calories , 9gms of fat and 91mgs of sodium .
keonna thomas , 30 , was arrested friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the islamic state group , a day after two women were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a boston marathon-type attack .   ' i can make that wish come true , ' the fighter reportedly appeared in court on april 8 .   thomas ' home had been under surveillance by fbi .
tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after an appeal by the exams .   ofqual found that one in five reported colleagues had given ` hints ' or pointers exams .   15 per cent said staff had given advice during exams .   217 penalty notices issued to schools and colleges for malpractice in 2013 .
viv nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped # 152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith .   the win , on a football betting pool in which gamblers predict the results of football games across a season would be worth up to # 5million in today 's money .   mr nicholson died at the wheel of his blue jaguar in 1965 .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   pieces from the meteorite would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
many took to social media to post incredible pictures of residents tobogganing and snow boarding down streets in newtown .   saturday 's storm was the result of an east coast low .   but there 's a longer term story behind the recent spate of wild weather .
joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield , on january 7 , an inquest heard .   his mother stacey vaughan told inquest how she had told her son to come home .   before his death , joshua 's body had already been found on the line .
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday .   the duke of cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the same day his wife is expected to give birth .   duchess of cambridge said the baby is due mid-april to the end of april .
maitland local karen newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights .   as the sun rose over the water , ms newton could be seen facing five stranded residents , who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen anzacs in their unplanned service .   ms newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri dawn service and was on her way to deliver food to the victims of the floods .
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley .   burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire .   she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running .   swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma .   bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft .
billions of jellyfish have been spotted in water off the coast of devon and cornwall .   experts believe the barrel jellyfish can grow up to six feet and have been attracted by the higher sea temperatures .   passengers aboard a sea life cruise were sighted just off pendennis point near falmouth , cornwall .
thierry henry took exception to hernandez celebrating ` like he 'd won the world cup ' with real madrid on wednesday night .   the three-time world player of the year could have shot with two minutes to go in real madrid 's quarter-final second leg .   hernandez is now a pundit for sky sports .
union officials from nasuwt say the ` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families .   some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months .   38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014 .
number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments .   nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each .   leeds city council comes second with 47 staff and bristol and sheffield city come joint third .
a group of female fans have posted tweets of affection for the labour leader .   led by twitter user @twcuddleston , an as levels student by ed miliband .   her tweets in support of ed have led for him under #milifandom hashtag .
gary kroeger said he will run for congress in iowa .   kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985 .   he moved back to iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons .
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london .   footage shows the mp who calls himself an advocate of women 's rights .   nawaz is also a leading figure in the muslim community and head of anti-extremism charity the quilliam foundation .
migrants were dropped off in the sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the italian mainland .   two migrant boys , aged 26 and 27 , were rescued from the mediterranean with 445 migrants on their way to europe .   they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after their boat capsized on sunday .
justine miliband , 44 , fell in love with her husband ed after she got bitten by a dog .   but the labour leader failed to tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party in the north west .   mrs miliband said she was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '   mrs miliband was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend '   but the doberman incident happened in doncaster .
a 46-year-old man arrested in brent , north west london , on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .   abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning .   the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and ` actively ' campaigned against extremist .
police officer michael rapiejko rammed his patrol car into valencia after he allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air .   valencia had left him with no other choice than to use lethal force .   the video sparked debate on the use of deadly force .
arsene wenger 's side have 15 wins from 17 games since new year 's day .   15 wins in 17 games all season run it 's 11 years since arsenal won the title .   olivier giroud scored goal as alexis sanchez beat liverpool on saturday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former prime minister also suggested he has left british politics behind .   said he is ` absolutely not ' in ` the league of the super-rich '   mr blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy earnings .   he is now more interested in working at a ` global level ' , pm said .
jewelry brand jet set candy , which offers destination-specific gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 .   prince harry is one of the eight ` future husbands ' - ` king-to-be george ' - including ` duke ' and prince harry .   jewelry brand offers collection of destination-specific charms to britain 's royals .
misty machinshok , 33 , pleaded no contest to all charges for convincing her new husband to rape her 15-year-old daughter .   she ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive and held her daughter 's hand ` the first few times '   she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in pennsylvania .   her husband gary machinshok , 29 , also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but struck a plea deal .
hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family , suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul , iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants .   they met a fellow yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months , she said .   one yazidi survivor told how girls as ten were dragged away from their families and raped as they fled .
tugce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in istanbul and hit another car .   witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' friend adem kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital .   luxury sports car had burst into flames after the crash .
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , raided a corner shop in cleveleys near blackpool using a ` realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in the family 's faces , demanding cash from the till .   when the mother and father refused to hand over cash , munro and thompson threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed .   the pair were tracked down , and at preston crown court on wednesday munro was jailed for five years and four months , while thompson was sentenced to three
dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales , after his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march .   surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service .   dr williams is based at ty doctor in nefyn , gwynedd .
tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen is second in the list .   sean dyche 's side have three players in the top 10 - 0.4 miles behind boyd .   george boyd has run from turf moor to selhurst park in less than 40 hours of playing time .
jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for # 22,000 each .   nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai .   mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords .
australian pm tony abbott said eu should ` urgently ' follow his lead .   mr abbott said it was the only way to prevent migrant tragedies in the mediterranean .   mr abbott won power in 2013 on a ` stop the boats ' pledge .
bristol city became the first side in the football league to win promotion .   the robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at valley parade .   james tavernier 's brace and goals from joe bryan , aden and aaron wilbraham .
german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in body paint , women pose for the camera against a overgrown woodland .   jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years .   artist is a well-renowned body painter who has used his skills in tv adverts .
hannah bluck , 18 , from south wales had her dreams shattered after a rare condition ruled her out of the game for two years .   her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia .   avascular necrosis is bone death due to poor blood supply .
the film tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the stalin era .   it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and was due to premiere in russia today .   russia 's culture ministry said the film 's distributors in russia had agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence .
the loving image of rosa camfield and baby kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that rosa had passed away on monday .   rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era .   since this picture appeared on the popular facebook page life of dad .
alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked how to register a gay marriage in england .   his ipad version of the apple personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked siri in russian ` siri , gay clubs around me . '   he asks ` how to learn that siri has become available in russian . '
the lamb named winter is very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck .   the lamb is the duck to walk away at the lamb 's head and neck .   lamb 's owner said : ` duck .
george north has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering a third concussion in four months playing for northampton last week .   the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april and could face an even longer spell on the matter if specialist consultants are ready to return to action .   north was out cold on the pitch as he crossed the line to score for northampton .
julie bishop was in perth over easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members .   shoe designer jimmy choo is currently in west australian city to host his first ever australian masterclass .   ms bishop fell victim to one of cardinal sins of fashion .
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , so every time they lift their arms .   the idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' character hestia arms and chest has become her signature .   in the show , it is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon .
crowds across the country cheered for president obama as he made multiple stops and became the american president to visit the island nation since president ronald reagan in 1982 .   prime minister simpson miller told president obama the citizens of her country loved him , and she loved him as well .   obama wrote as he signed the guest book at jamaica house .
yaya toure 's agent has called manuel pellegrini a ` weak manager '   the club 's chief executive ferran soriano and dimitri seluk have struggled this with the champions league squad .   toure has been linked with a move to inter milan this summer .   mancini says it was a good coach for toure over the attack .
younus pujara was set to be yorkshire 's overseas signing for 2015 .   batsman is looking to be part of pakistan 's touring party to bangladesh .   yorkshire director of cricket martyn moxon confirms younus pujara .
victor albert prout developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames .   the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around # 30,000 .   some of the oldest surviving photographs of the houses of parliament and windsor castle , dating back more than 150 years .
charlie adam scored a goal from his own half in stoke 's clash with chelsea .   thibaut courtois scored his chelsea side against chelsea at stamford bridge .   david beckham scored his final goal in 3-0 win for united .
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire .   he said he could not be happier with favourite for the crabbie 's grand national .   mccoy trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus .
sarah thomas is the nfl 's first full-time female referee and will be a line judge during the upcoming season .   she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit .   thomas , a former college basketball player , was inspired to become an official in the 1990s .
alexander pacteau , 21 , allegedly killed the nursing student karen buckley .   he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .   miss buckley 's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home .
stevan jovetic has started just 11 premier league games this season .   roberto mancini is keen on bringing stevan jovetic and yaya toure to inter .   ivorian ace toure could be keen on a move from the etihad stadium .
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .   the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm .   passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon .
milos raonic ranked no 6 in the world , lost to roger federer in last year 's semi-final .   kyrgios will join nadal , marin cilic and grigor dimitrov at queen 's .   canada 's milos raonic and australian nick kyrgios will make debuts .
rafael correa posed for a picture next to a child wearing an ` i 'm with stupid ' t-shirt .   the picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country .   it is now trending with the official twitter account of the president @mashirafael .
gers suffered first defeat of new boss stuart mccall at queen of the south .   kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be run of form .   light blues now have five games left on sunday .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground and slaughtered by spanish media as he was blamed for the goalless draw in the champions league .   it came after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans at the valdebebas base .   real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid .
gov. jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday .   the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought .   wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
café in eastern china has begun to charge customers an ` air-purifying fee ' on top of normal bills after it installed machines to provide fresher air .   café hopes customers will pay more attention to growing pollution issue .   two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou , capital of zhejiang province .
princess beatrice was spotted out on the town with her boyfriend last night in an all black outfit .   the 26 year old royal was joined by boyfriend and virgin galactic 's dave clark , 31 .   shoreditch house is one of london 's coolest .
bikram choudhury , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex .   chelsea clinton , madonna and demi moore are among his followers .   the founder of bikram yoga has denied the allegations .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .   armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court .
more than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners use their devices to play games .   smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their apple handset .   it was created by independent video game hardware developers hyperkin .
keith curle insists football management was his playing career .   the carlisle manager has played for england .   he won three england caps but has spent 13 years .
marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability .   the list price of bentleys ranges from # 136,250 to # 224,700 .   thousands of cars aged three to eight were assessed on their failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs .
darren and dea returned for the block triple threat and face off against charlotte and josh , and ayden and jess .   contestants keep any money made over their reserves , with thousands of people expected to turn up for months of hard work and time away from their family .   darren and jess in apartment 3 are adam joske of gary peer & associates .
robin williams , who had been diagnosed with parkinson 's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping .   the 63-year-old had also been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety prior to his death .   williams ' third wife is in a battle with his three children from lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would could have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour .
men form a small part of jaysh al-islam or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   dozens of masked special units show off a range of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers .   group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .
paul simon topped uk albums chart for first time in 25 years .   album outsold those by ed sheeran , james bay and sam smith .   first time he has reached the top of the album chart since the rhythm of the saints in 1990 .
former england captain david beckham and new york giants odell beckham jnr .   the comedian is filming late-night talk show late in the states .   last month david beckham took lid on son brooklyn 's first date .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers .   she is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery .   the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on instagram alone .
villagers in ansai , shaanxi province , dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water .   when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire .   local officials say they have now launched an investigation into how the water from the well and blame the pollution on a leak from a local gas petrol station .
elad hershkowitz , of the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera .   he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours .   the 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes .
the ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb '   in march , she chose to get an abortion .   on april 1 , she and her husband had 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46 .   the fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and growth .
vanessa kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent .   father-of-three suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012 , which left him paralysed on his life side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate .   she has been suspended from role for six months after being charged with misconduct .
claim made by embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body .   they prefer to preserve the body 's shape , weight , colour and flexibility .   stalin 's remains were working in a lab dedicated to the former leader 's corpse .
mary day used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to goa for up to a month each time .   day fraudulently claimed # 16,500 of income support and disability allowance .   day went on three trips to tourist hotspot goa in 2009 .
arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' after a fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici .   the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 to defend the trophy .   wenger 's side lost a 2-1 extra-time victory and a place in the fa cup final .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu this week but a stray spectator on the course .   he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and to lose his beer at the time .   the 2015 lotte championship attracted more than 100 of the world 's top female golfers for a share of the $ 1.7 million purse .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a french coach was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth , devon .   one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary .   coach driver found himself stuck on him after he tried to board a ferry in devon only to get turned back .   ferry service between dartmouth and kingswear costs # 4.70 for cars and 50p for foot passengers for a single journey .
rhodri giggs , 37 , has lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance .   he was banned from driving for six months , fined # 110 and ordered to pay a # 20 victim surcharge and # 85 costs .   giggs spoke for the first time about his brother ryan 's eight-year affair with his then wife natasha .
depraved militants have beheaded four men being interviewed by the terrorists .   they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds to see their executions .   all of the men wear their beards without moustaches .
mohammed dahbi discriminated against kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after he told them to stop kissing in the back of his cab .   he was ordered to pay the couple $ 10,000 in fines .   he also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay a $ 5,000 civil penalty to the city .
the former florida state university student has filed a lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston , saying he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 .   winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 .   winston could be selected as the first overall pick .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before .   the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride as he was having sex with her .   fohounhedo 's wife sheena said the couple will have to work .
victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named kayla in texas .   and the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday .   kayla said she tried to figure out who she was because it 's ` difficult ' to be gay and mormon .
john mccallum , 27 , was sentenced to 20 years in jail for the killing of francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary .   the crash at an intersection in redford , detroit , flipped mrs weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year .   her death caused outrage when it was revealed mccallum had been paroled not five months prior .
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's daughter .   he was an oakland gas station owner .   his cousin mohammed alazzani 's family said he was killed in a mortar attack .   rebels from the houthi islamist group have been battling to take aden .
david cameron is predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote in next month 's general election .   more people trust the conservatives to deal with the ` cost of living ' , poll shows .   labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind the tories .
cristiano ronaldo was set to miss saturday 's game with eibar but his yellow card has now been rescinded .   toni kroos and james rodriguez will start for real madrid on saturday .   real madrid manager carlo ancelotti will call on ronaldo against eibar .
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet .   the dog 's original owner said lt. dan was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized .   the puppy was named after a character in the film forest gump who lost both of his legs .
the toxic pesticide that poisoned a u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. environmental protection agency said .   officials said the agency and puerto rico 's department of agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used .   sean , 16 , and his 14-year-old brother ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned by methyl bromide .
hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases .   133 out of 164 products tested , including children 's jewellery , floor mats , kitchen utensils and silly straws contained at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern '   a recent study of four major discount retailers in the united states could produce similar results .   australian author says the chemicals are easily absorbed through ingestion .
ed miliband received # 1.6 m from union barons in the first week of the election campaign .   labour received # 1.9 million in the week to april 5 , with 84 per cent coming from donors with links to hedge funds .   conservative donations totalled just over # 500,000 in first week .
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , below grandparents at 26 per cent .   more than one in 10 british families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce and remarry other parents .   poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked ` really hard ' to keep aaron cook on board - but the 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for moldova at the 2016 olympics .   dorset-born cook has already received his passport from the small eastern european state .   taekwondo fighter aaron cook 's application to switch allegiances has been approved .
green party leader natalie bennett says it is ` ok for other adults but not for me '   both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy messages in a quiz for fashion magazine cosmopolitan 's website .   education secretary nicky morgan says ed miliband is ` not advised for politicians ' , and ` risky if you are young , dodgy if you 're older ' in deputy prime minister nick clegg .   sexting is said to be prime minister 's questions .
there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board asiana airlines flight oz162 when it was reported to have made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway .   the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway .   twenty people are believed to have been injured after the plane had a tailstrike at hiroshima .
transip hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in shoreditch .   dancers , which cost around # 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts .   robots were originally created in 2012 by walker for a show called ` peepshow '   robots will be pole dancing for four days of event .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice .   each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease .   the problem is caused by immune system ` b-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's defences in prostate and other cancers .
a father and two children , aged eight and two , were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway .   the car , which was carrying 12 , crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county , on central florida 's atlantic coast .   authorities say the driver and a 7-year-old boy were treated at a hospital and released .
father-of-two paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into # 820,000 home in altrincham , cheshire , despite having never worked and living life ` on tick ' and incapacity handouts .   he was put down a # 200,000 deposit and obtained a # 600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife jeanette , 49 , worked as a company executive .   mrs doyle is now living in a council house in salford .
viv nicholson died on saturday aged 79 .   her husband keith won # 152,319 and 8d on the pools in 1961 .   viv , a cake-factory worker from castleford in 1961 .
the block 's up market south yarra apartments have been valued between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million by listing agents .   realtors have been running vip showings since last year 's ` triple threat ' on the ` glasshouse ' auction day .   thousands of fans will go under the hammer later this month .
mauricio pochettino has major concerns about the striker playing in the summer .   england manager roy hodgson confirms kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic .   kane will miss tomorrow 's clash against burnley with a knee knee .
raheem sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide .   the england international is expected to meet brendan rodgers on thursday .   rodgers questioned sterling 's professionalism on monday .
aston villa host qpr at villa park on tuesday night .   christian benteke scored a hat-trick for aston villa on tuesday .   brad guzan gave austin a free jump from kieran clark 6 .
cassandra fortin , 17 , was released from hospital on monday after she was made to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with last year .   as she was discharged from hospital , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life .   in january , a court ruled cassandra could not make the decision because she was mature enough to determine how to treat her cancer .
adam federici will take on birmingham in the sky bet championship .   the former brentford frontman will be named blues ' player of the year .   reading boss steve clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back .
incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia .   it is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator .   fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour .
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 .   authorities say he knew what he had agreed to help them of his own free will .   sadek died of the gunshot wound and he had no drugs or alcohol in his system .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside .   they took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural shanxi province , china .   they are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations .
kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has been mailing them a ` gift '   it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000 .   he recently sent marilyn mecham , his home economics teacher in 1977 , a check for $ 10,000 .   perz recently sent a $ 10,000 check for his former business teacher .
new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go with before giving up an endorsement .   as campaign manager for clinton 's successful 2000 senate run , de blasio said on sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message .   de blasio told nbc 's meet the press about an possible endorsement for clinton .
the no 8 was cited on monday night for an alleged butt .   former england full back mathew tait was caught by vunipola .   toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half quade cooper .
manchester city beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates stadium on monday .   arsene wenger has all of his squad to ` smell ' arsenal again .   the gunners are currently seven points ahead of crystal palace .
malia obama , seen with her mother michelle obama in april 2009 , reportedly was taught how to drive by secret service agents .   the full interview is set to air thursday . mrs. obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years , other teens are taught by licensed instructors .
spain won european championships for second time in a row in 2012 .   victor valdes , david villa and fernando torres are all fans .   spain 's under 21s winning euro 2013 .
jack wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side in tuesday night 's game with stoke city .   wilshere has been out of action since november but injured his ankle against manchester united in november .   wilshere says he is ready to return to arsenal 's first team .
ronnie o'sullivan was a 10-3 winner against craig steadman .   o'sullivan will face matthew stevens in the second round .   o'sullivan beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest .
the man who is believed to be from mozambique was taken to a hospital in johannesburg where he tragically passed away .   at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in durban several weeks ago .   south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for an end to the ` shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from africa and south asia .
jose aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11 .   the irishman said : ` he ca n't want to be near me , he does n't want this the way i want it '   conor mcgregor insists featherweight does not want the title as well as he is .   jose aldo said he ` does n't have the belt in his position ' with mcgregor .
an emotional holder , who has served as the nation 's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration , addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate .   ' i am proud of you , i am going to miss this institution , holder said .   attorney general eric holder will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in u.s. history .
former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murders of two indonesian women .   his case has been adjourned for five weeks .   jutting is being held at hong kong 's security siu lam psychiatric prison .
a more modest sales increase of between # 60 and # 70m is predicted .   most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs .   the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term .
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page .   showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies .   the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday - eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season .   an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday , with the former hearts boss being given a three-year deal .   kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club 's new permanent manager .
wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton .   froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out .   chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night but has said he is open to facing the brit later this year .
calls for criminal charges to be brought over two years at clydesdale and yorkshire banks .   they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi .   labour 's john mann said the documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery .
niki lauda is expected to turn ` nasty ' at some stage .   german and team-mate lewis hamilton won the shanghai international circuit .   mercedes non-executive chairman niki lauda accused hamilton of his fourth chinese grand prix .
martin skrtel has said his future remains at liverpool despite his contract expiring in 2016 .   liverpool defender played in his side 's 2-1 fa cup defeat to aston villa on sunday .   the 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds .
at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles .   tortoises are protected by florida law and sea turtles are on florida 's endangered species or threatened survival list .   florida wildlife officials warn that people should not throw baby turtles in ocean .
jb holmes wins the shell houston open after two play-off holes .   jordan spieth join holmes on 16 under the first hole .   holmes ' caddie 's second par was six shots off the lead .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season .   the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .   klopp has been linked with a move to the premier league .
the woman , who calls herself zhu diandian online , has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs -lrb- 13st -rrb- .   her husband is thought to be ` tolerant ' of the relationship .   ms zhu has now raised her pet pig who she dresses , even sleeps with every day .
carlos toro , 66 , worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life .   toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant .   carlos lehder rivas of colombia was taken down thanks in part to former medellin cartel member toro .
lazio have won eight games in a row in serie a .   juventus are unbeaten at home this season .   miroslav klose and felipe anderson will go ` all out for victory ' against juventus on saturday .
steve evans denied a penalty in their championship defeat at birmingham .   the hosts had led through first-half goals by robert tesche and clayton donaldson .   matt derbyshire took one back for fourth-bottom rotherham .
samantha fleming and her daughter serenity were last seen on april 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from indiana 's department of child services .   the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives .   police have discovered a body doused with bleach , wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways over two-and-a-half years .   he admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .   australian-born lawyer argues he only dodged up to # 9,714.40 in fares .
kendra spears has been known as princess salwa since her marriage to the aga khan 's son prince rahim has given birth to her first child .   the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well .   news of the birth has been greeted with joy by the followers of aga khan .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo will be up against alberto bueno at the end of the season .   luis enrique says he will make changes against almeria .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao must buy advance tickets .   tickets will cost # 6.60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday at 8pm with all funds raised going to the charities .   manny pacquiao has wanted this fight for years .
harold ekeh insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges .   it comes a year after another high schooler from kwasi enin , was met with the same news .   harold , 18 , moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents roseline and paul ekeh .
the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer .   clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was filmed last july .
artisan confectioners choc on choc 's limited edition political chocolates collection comes in three flavours which reflect colours associated with each leader .   david cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , ed miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the nick clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .   ukip only has two mps in parliament .
george bailey has signed a deal to take over from sri lanka jayawardene jayawardene .   bailey , 32 , will play the second half of the natwest t20 blast for sussex .   george bailey is to join sussex for their first seven blast .
tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island .   he had one of his legs ripped off after being crushed against his own truck by a car swerving to miss a jaywalker .   onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet to stop the bleeding .
photographs of the child , who was beaten with metal rods and water pipes have sparked outrage across china after they were shared online .   his adoptive mother li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after teachers at his school in nanjing raised the alarm .   the 50-year-old had adopted the boy after when he was six after was given up by her cousin .
uk passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year .   in the first four months of the year , there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations .   low-cost carrier monarch has greatest increase in delays so far .
the coat of an english bulldog , the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners .   almost half said their ideal dog would be ` standard-sized ' like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .   41 per cent of londoners preferred small dogs ' names including rover and bailey .
pilots of qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester airport .   passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport .   police were first called to birmingham after passengers started ` kicking off '   passengers in birmingham were left waiting hours for transport .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in system which ` punished the poor '   he said families stuck on benefits were not ` playing the system ' but were ` victims of it '   accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ` some brass neck '   he said labour left millions trapped by tories for failing the poor to work .   labour has said labour is trying to ` dare lecture us on poverty on poverty '   prime minister : ` true
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn 's # 1.5 million offer to fight scott quigg as little more than a ` publicity stunt '   but belfast 's ibf super-bantamweight world champion has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer .   hearn made the offer live on tuesday after talks between him and frampton 's promoter barry mcguigan .   frampton has dismissed a fight offer from scott quigg .
many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor .   but the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school .   an alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection .
aaron cresswell is one of five players to play every minute of his premier league games this season .   cresswell has made 32 appearances in the premier league since joining for west ham .   west ham have signed a left-back on a five-year contract .
josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan .   celtic wrote to the sfa to seek ` clarification ' on the referee steven mclean and his four assistants missing .   meekings will argue his case at an sfa tribunal tomorrow .
gianni van , 45 , is accused of 1995 murder of f gonzalo ramirez , bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine , california road .   his ex-girlfriend norma patricia esparza told him ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack , prosecutors said .   esparza and van allegedly entered into a sham marriage before van 's original arrest for the crime .
manchester united target memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .   the 21-year-old has been tipped to leave psv during the summer transfer window .   depay is likely to leave but must ` make the choice ' over his next game .
manchester city have shelled out for six coaches to transport around 3,000 people to selhurst park .   the move was made after tv scheduling for supporters to return home by train or plane on the same night .   more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption .
little zane gbangbola died at home after being poisoned by gas .   police and other official agencies ruled out fears that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family 's home as it was engulfed by floodwater .   last night , claims of a cover-up over zane 's death by police .
sunseekers are checking people 's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property , and are using it as not to pay out if they are burgled .   most firms do n't have to offer up cash if they can prove people were n't careful enough in their possessions .   police forces say thieves will check social media to see property owners .
lihi yona filmed the black pup jumping around in time to a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend .   the dog was caught lapping up all the fun to the squirts of water , each time the water sprays , the canine sprays through the air and can be filmed on to the pup 's leash .   the animal has no plans to bounce down .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' if force india 's roll out this season .   hope is not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in june .   perez and nico hulkenberg will be available for points .
the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate .   has two solitaire diamonds for eyes -lrb- which account for over $ 48,000 of the price tag .   australian families will consumer 124.3 million easter treats this year .
liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league .   steven gerrard and mario balotelli are on the day of the replay at blackburn .   brendan rodgers ' record against opposition is on wednesday .
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps .   $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. , bloomberg business reports .   attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger .
kurt cobain , john lennon , freddie mercury .   the members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces .   each member of men 's face product company west coast shaving .
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher , 47 .   last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time after seven years of growth .   sales are expected to hit two million this year and the uk 's first official weekly vinyl chart has been added .
stoll , 32 , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond friday .   the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of molly .   stoll was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the mgm grand hotel .
teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel .   the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink with a pair of tweezers .   the monkey 's owner teresa bullock said her ` angel is an 18-year-old java macaque with health issues so she has to have diabetic shots twice daily and a heart pill . '
the star of the only way is essex has launched her fashion range for plus-size retailer evans today at one of the high street chain 's flagship stores in manchester .   gemma , who has seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses .   gemma collins launched her evans range at manchester .
bayer leverkusen released emir spahic from his contract with immediate effect .   spahic was filmed fighting the club 's security personnel after they refused to allow his friends entry .   cologne defender injured his knee in the match and was ruled out for up to four weeks .
johanna basford , 32 , has released a colouring book for adults .   the 32-year-old 's second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release .   enchanted forest reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at the start of april .
kyle walker has not broken his foot following a scan on tuesday .   the tottenham defender sustained the injury after a collision with burnley defender kieran trippier at turf moor .   walker has been provided with a protective boot to improve damage .
researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office .   in the past 40 years , reports suggest the north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average .   as waters around the uk get warmer , popular species of fish including haddock could become less common .
jeff bezos took a stroll around a tourist market in the italian capital .   bezos is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace .   bezos is ranked number 15 on forbes ' billionaires list for his wealth .
18-year-old xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou , a large city in china .   zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle .   xie , zhang is a high school student in china .
jordon ibe has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020 .   ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county but returned to liverpool in january .   liverpool also expect to announce jordan henderson 's new contract this week .
more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were cut off in january and february 2014 residents on the levels were forced to abandon their homes .   environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species .   the # 135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long furry creatures from their bankside burrows on the somerset levels ahead of dredging work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
zacharia yusuf abdurahman , and adnan abdihamid farah , both 19 , have been described as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to syria .   the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , san diego or new york city , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .   the six were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego .
john hughes says the break was a hand ball for inverness on the line .   inverness 's josh meekings scored a penalty and a red card for craig gordon .   caley boss says celtic should have also led to the break .
amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 .   she is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa .   amira has shared a snippet of life in the islamic state .
george costello jr , 45 , has a long history of drug arrests .   he is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid .   iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages .
zlatan ibrahimovic and dimitri payet have had their suspensions for ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece .   ibrahimovic was banned for four games by the french football league when he was caught on camera after last month 's 3-2 defeat to bordeaux .   marseille playmaker payet then received a two-game sanction .
police in maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor alexander soumbadze who has been charged with possessing child pornography .   soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography .   police say he fled the us after confessing to the crimes .
david silva declared himself fit on sunday night despite fears he fractured his cheekbone after being caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate 's elbow .   manchester city star was carried off in the win over west ham following eight minutes of treatment on the pitch .   he went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans '   kouyate was only booked by referee anthony taylor and city boss manuel pellegrini believes the midfielder did not mean to injure his player .
jurgen klopp announced he will be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven successful years at the bundesliga club .   former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be ideal fit as manager .   city are set to end manuel pellegrini on wednesday .
` cro cop ' filipovic stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round of their heavyweight rematch in krakow .   eight years after their first filipovic in the fight , filipovic had not been seen in the ufc since 2011 .   gonzaga was gonzaga by gonzaga jan blachowicz .
jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land .   dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a hawaiian leader .   the thirty meter telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the world .
more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green , the vatican has gathered a team of experts .   the tenth edition of the annual course , ` exorcism and prayer of liberation , ' sponsored by the vatican congregation .   in 2013 francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in texas in october 1980 .   detectives from bossier parish never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated in the woods .   the body in louisiana matched missing carol 's dna .
david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , who was suffering from alzheimer 's .   a # 13,000 fee to move his mother , from south shields , into a care home in january 2013 had to be paid by the council because her bank balance had been diminished by her son 's spending .   newcastle crown court heard one of mrs rylance 's accounts held just # 1,000 at the time of her death in july 2013 .
former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in australia until september 30 because the medical board has refused to deregister him .   dr kamleh has claimed he had unprotected sex with a royal adelaide hospital patient .   dr kamleh , who fled to join the islamic state , can take action against being a ` fit and proper person '   but no action has yet been taken against dr kamleh .
cristiano ronaldo scores five goals against granada on sunday to help real madrid to a 9-1 win at the bernabeu .   gareth bale scored five , including a eight-minute hat-trick as real madrid beat granada 9-1 .   ronaldo 's five goals included an eight-minute first-half hat-trick .
images of the watch 's circular face unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung 's upcoming developer scheme .   samsung 's previous watches have all had rectangular faces , or in the case of the gear s , a curved design .   the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type .
joao teixeira broke his leg while playing in brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield on tuesday night .   brighton manager chris hughton has said it ` is a real blow ' to lose teixeira for his side 's final three games of the season .   the 22-year-old was taken to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton after he was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute .
bishops in the usa have slammed wolf hall as a ` prejudice-laden presentation of the past ' as the drama was broadcast in the u.s. for the first time .   the latest remarks voiced by clergy in the uk , who tore into the series for its ` perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired .   the review attacked the catholic martyr sir thomas more , played by anton lesser in the show as an ` evidence-flouting caricature ' that is ` sleazy , mean-spirited and just plain rude '
sixteen-year-old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is dumped on the side of southampton .   he is just one of many people who can no longer keep up with financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse .   last year , the rspca alone took in 1,500 horses former family pets .
psychologists at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' gain significance through subsequent experience .   the study has looked into how the september 11 terrorist attacks in the us affect memory retention .   researchers said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory .
michael bisping admitted he had expected an fight after beating cb dollaway on points in montreal .   manchester middleweight won a unanimous points decision over the american .   bisping was in action for the first time since arriving last year .
adriana alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she makes only $ 10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement in chicago .   alvarez is a leader with fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .   she said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began .
tom croft has signed a new deal at leicester .   croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers .   he missed most of last season with a knee injury .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson created skateistan to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding .   her work was on display at a gallery in london .   40 per cent of skateistan 's students are female .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection , and started at about 1pm .   a strip club named the body shop used to be housed at the site .   the site was not a vacant facility , officials said .
field marshal erwin rommel was the one german leader in the second world war .   he was captured with 2,000 of his men by rommel in mechili , libya , in 1941 .   they were given to him by a british prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat .
jose mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played .   john terry , olivier giroud and olivier giroud scored for chelsea .   mourinho 's return was the subject of john terry 's return .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids .   the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day .   kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago .
sergeant norman turgel , 24 , was living in the netherlands when the nazis seized it in 1940 .   one of the soldiers sent to arrest her ss guards .   gena and norman were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years .
euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion .   the couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area .   pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious .
students on computer science and dentistry courses at university are less likely to have had a sexual experience than pupils enrolled in other subjects .   nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins , followed by five % of law , chemistry , engineering and medicine students .   university pupils in britain have an average of 8.2 sexual partners .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .   raheem sterling played for england in the 4-0 euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania .   sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal .
carla suarez navarro will play simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open .   petkovic lost to suarez navarro for third time in five games .   suarez navarro has reached a wta final .
martin odegaard was chased by a host of top european clubs .   odegaard picked real madrid over liverpool and manchester united .   odegaard has been dropped from the club 's b-team castilla .
david de gea 's contract at old trafford expires next year .   de gea has been in impressive form this season .   real madrid 's petr cech will nab him for free in a year .
callum wilson scored for bournemouth in the fourth minute at the madejski stadium .   eddie howe 's side have now won a place in the premier league .   callum wilson 's goal of the season came on against reading .
the soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in flanders fields , belgium , this morning .   their graves will be labelled as ` known unto god ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers .   two served with the king 's own lancaster regiment and two with the lancashire fusiliers .
david cameron will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least # 2,000 a year to smaller firms .   mr cameron will hail the ` jobs miracle ' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day .   labour 's economic policies could see ' a million more people out of work , ' said christine lagarde .
78 irish travellers had refused to budge despite three different courts .   group claimed eviction ` violated ' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans last october .   group used a loophole to take their case to the supreme court .
manny pacquiao says he has to fight floyd mayweather like it is last of his life .   filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas .   he says he will have to be a warrior against floyd mayweather .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 .   one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real .   nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friend feel lucky to be alive .
detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force .   ` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' police chief bill bratton said .   officer was named only as humayun , in plainclothes .
a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport .   it shows one man throwing large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall .   for two minutes the men are filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway .
tegan peters , 22 , was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home .   ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over .   she thinks it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross , odin .
susie clark found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas .   her last day of a trip to the park with her husband , who first visited the park 33 years ago , found the diamond sticking out of a ridge .   clark plans to keep the pinto-sized diamond which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year .
peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on adam 's dancing skills on sky 's soccer am chat show .   crouch was brought the robot celebration from england 's 6-0 against jamaica in 2006 world cup .   the former liverpool midfielder ran to ` do the robot ' if he beat chelsea at stamford bridge .
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah scored fiorentina 's second in serie a .   fiorentina beat sampdoria 2-0 to stay 14 points clear at the top .   ac milan are eighth on 41 points , six adrift of napoli .
first high-resolution footage of solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun .   research led by dr haimin wang from new jersey institute of technology .   solar flares can also threaten airlines by disturbing the earth 's magnetic field .
one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into syria to join isis .   pair from dewsbury have not been in contact with families for several days .   one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi .   he was locked up for two years under the terrorism act in 2008 .
wi-fi calling feature designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal .   the technology paves the way for london 's commuters to chat and text inside the capital 's 150 tube stations where wi-fi connections are currently available .   iphone users on ee will find texts automatically connect through the internet .
darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert , appeared on itv 's this morning .   the former police officer has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming .   philip schofield and amanda holden were appeared in a video clip showing his immense skill in sniffing out .
an 18-month-old baby and three girls aged three , six and eight were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach while out walking during the school break .   two mothers saved the lives of three girls and a baby after the youngsters were trapped by the rising tide .   more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the boat race in london on saturday .
urban explorer florian seidel visited the site in 2014 to capture the park 's dereliction .   the resort is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse .   the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 .
kerry hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years .   she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix .   she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month .
hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke .   the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up .   college student hayleigh texted her partner on the social media app .
barry beavis , 48 , lost his case at court of appeal .   appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither ` extravagant or unconscionable '   mr beavis said # 85 charge was not an ` excessively high ' penalty for staying too long in car park .   motoring groups said judges earn more than # 200,000 a year .
jacob church , 21 , and joe tobin , 29 , were at an art exhibition at the abacus art space in cardiff 's wood street .   the pair - who only met earlier in the night - were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not dangerously low .   after their six-hour ordeal , fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls .
hull beat st helens derby in a third straight defeat .   fetuli talanoa scored against st helens in the second half .   jamie shaul equalised for the hosts .
the unemployment rate for college graduates grew by 1.5 per cent in 2014 , despite president obama 's promise to reverse the trend .   it plans to hire 9,000 graduates from u.s. universities this year , up from 7,500 in 2014 .   the overall unemployment rate has fallen to 5.5 per cent at the end of 2013 .
elijah mccrae 's parents , jessica and andrew remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening .   ` we thought we had at least another week , ' ms mccrae said .   the baby elijah has passed away .
jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying meal in council chamber when rival , theo blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors .   he was forced to put down his cutlery when a labour rival was banned in the chamber .   says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings .
british guantanamo bay detainee shaker aamer is expected to be freed in june .   it came as the man appointed by president obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp .   mr aamer has been held at guantanamo bay without charge for more than 13 years .
luis suarez was liverpool 's player of the season .   luis suarez scored 31 goals in the campaign .   steven gerrard , daniel sturridge and philippe coutinho were all impressed .
leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals does n't need to buy big european success .   the russian billionaire has been linked with monaco 's transfer fees .   monaco 's radamel falcao , james rodriguez and joao moutinho signed for fees .
patrick o'flynn said ukip needs to ` work harder ' as it is ` lagging ' behind with female voters .   polls suggest around 15 % of men are planning to back ukip , compared to only 10 per cent of women .   ukip leader nigel farage launched the party 's ` policies for women ' with ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans .
firefighters rescued the woman 's three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 .   police say their mother locked them in the basement for 15 hours without food as punishment for bad behavior .   all four children were taken to st christopher 's hospital for evaluation and were found to be in good condition .
authorities in virginia are searching for the cell phone of anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , and focused on a pond near carrsville after a new tip .   the teenager was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk and her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours .   he was arrested on march 21 after claims that he has taken his daughter .
prime minister john key said sorry to amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ` uncomfortable '   after the incident , reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of mr key touching other young girls ' hair and collecting them on a tumblr page .   he was forced to apologise to am auckland waitress for touching her hair while she was working at a cafe in auckland as she ` expected more from him '
delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on friday .   by the time they arrived three hours later , they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at terminal 3 .   passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents .
tom wood is keen for saturday 's top-of-the-table meeting with saracens .   the saints were dumped out of the champions cup as clermont ran riot .   northampton flanker wood claims saints have ` smelt blood '   east midlands side will be staged at stadiummk .
jonathan trott and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies .   trott was dismissed for just four runs by jerome taylor on day three .   trott will end up with one of the best of all england fans .
alan pardew quit for crystal palace at the end of december .   newcastle were ninth and seven points off fourth and 10 points .   pardew won 26 of the premier league with burnley .
some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty .   they are one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   the origin of the photos is not known .
bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through .   his mother tiffany , 35 , described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face .   bradley parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt .
blackburn host liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday .   tom cairney scored yaya toure 's shirt at the end .   gary bowyer and his players will face sterling on wednesday .
council has ruled they can stay .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of alexander 's family .   mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow eating because of the leylandii .
claudio giardiello , 46 , is said to have killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi in an act of revenge ` against those that ruined me '   prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ` cold premeditation '   fourth victim had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack .   giardiello likely used a false id pass to enter court .   after his killing spree , giardiello 's former colleagues and accountant
elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english .   there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 .   laguna salgado was last seen without a trace in utah a week ago .
analysts from the institute for fiscal studies say none of the major parties had given ` anything like full details ' on how they will tackle the nations ' debts after the election .   tories were accused of giving ` no detail ' about their deficit reduction plan .   labour is borrowing an extra # 26billion-a-year .
bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during sunday 's ladbrokes challenge cup fifth-round defeat by hull kr .   three cars were broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park .   bulls ' stadium manager mark leadbeater said bulls are appealing for witnesses .
lyon moved back to top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at guingamp .   nabil fekir 's goal and alexandre lacazette 's penalty in first half .   lyon 's first win in three , lyon beat bastia 3-1 .
amanda taylor , of blacksburg , was apprehended in north carolina last sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former relative by marriage .   taylor 's suspected partner in crime , 32-year-old sean ball , was found stabbed to death at his home near ellet april 4 .   police say amanda taylor turned on him as the two were fleeing police .
the images were captured between 1850 and 1855 by hugh owen .   it became part of the site for the bristol brewery georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats .   they are due to go up for auction in cirencester tomorrow .
lix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday .   she was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle .   her parents colin and penny spoke of their shock at her death .
jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules '   ` we still live in a five-year-old and i ca n't stress , jef hidden , ' he said .   the boy 's daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow sundress sundress to school in houston , texas .   he said : ` it violated the dress code .
vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes fashion fashion week australia .   her collection was at mbfwa 's new week australia .   the models were charged with the models ' water .
hillary clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there .   she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken '   new book has claimed hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the monica lewinsky scandal .   she told him that only he could see her - no other aides and no secret service .
don mclean is selling the original manuscript and lyrics to pop anthem american pie , including a ` lost verse '   the 16-page song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 u.s. hit for four weeks .   mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction '   mclean , 69 , writes about music being ` reborn ' at christie 's auction house in new york .   the collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million -lrb- # 1,006,303 -rrb- at auction today .
` security detachments were able to detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that did not kill or wound any consular employees , ' isis said .   us state department said two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight people wounded .   an isis-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of iraq last year .
former premier league striker tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury hours before kick-off .   alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and andrea pirlo were without key trio carlos tevez , paul pogba and arturo vidal .   juventus defender bonucci scored his side 's third goal of the night against fiorentina .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in the lpga 's opening major of the year in california .   former champion lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown .   lewis on nine under par .
a baby girl was found crying in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar in sichuan province .   workers who found the baby , who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta , called the police and ambulance .   the woman , yuan yen , 34 , was found to have blood on her when she was approached .   workers at the restaurant said yuan yen had returned to her table and sat ` in a trance ' she was arrested
their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like a honeybee .   professor james marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made ` tremendous advances ' the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project .   scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee .
lucy watson is the face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign .   the 24-year-old is a face of a #cantwaitforsummer campaign .   she will be in chelsea for the first time .
joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms .   she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her .   opposition leader mark mcgowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at fsh .
jacob fairbank was injured in halifax 's victory over hunslet on easter monday .   the 25-year-old is set for a spell on the sidelines after his ankle and suffering ligament damage on loan at halifax .   huddersfield 's jacob fairbank has left him with a rehabilitation period .
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons may have played his last game this season .   the 19-year-old was sent off to play for the magpies ' under 21s against derby on wednesday .   newcastle midfielder moussa sissoko has made only five senior appearances .
dmitry kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians '   he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age is the ` real absolute limit to human lifespan '   french born jeanne calment lived to age 122.5 . she died in 1997 .   one of the oldest living today is jeralean talley .
the male animal , which was eventually captured with a dart gun , was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea .   it was only captured more than an hour later when emergency services unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a laced with ketaset .   the coyote did not surrender easily .
earth 's real ` final frontier ' is battery power to allow passengers to sail silently through the water .   adventurers can explore up to 2,000 ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .   pilots will be able back # 1,284,169 -lrb- $ 1.9 million -rrb- .
grant hackett said his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago .   former police inspector neville hackett said the swimmer 's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat .   the 34-year-old made a come back last sunday .
padraig harrington was spotted on the driving range at augusta with a rubber band .   the south african is fit as a flea .   jordan spieth will claim texas 's 13th green jacket .
a convicted burglar and white supremacist ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to killing one person and wounding five others in a phoenix motel .   another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant , and then two more at separate apartment complexes and will now stand trial .   he has been accused of shooting dead one man and five others during a rampage in phoenix , arizona .
sue southern , head of west midlands counter terrorism police unit , has detained three people in relation to terrorism offences .   the teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry , during a 6am raid by the region 's counter terrorism unit today .   all three are currently in custody in a west midlands police station and have been detained under the police and criminal evidence act .
danny willett 's augusta national was on a simulator at doncaster golf range .   the pair met in the first round of the walker cup in 2007 .   willett is the first debutant to win since last month 's wgc-cadillac championship .
lara logan is back home and recovering after she reportedly checked into a dc hospital for at least the fourth time this year .   she was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in egypt in 2011 .   she was rescued by a mob of 200 - 300 men after she was reporting from cairo on the resignation of president mubarak .
eden hazard was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium 's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night .   the 24-year-old has played all but five of chelsea 's games this season .   belgium captain vincent kompany was sent off for belgium 's last game .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford .   louis van gaal 's side face crystal palace on monday night .   van gaal believes manchester city will not be in fourth spot .
luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight .   edinson cavani 's side face barcelona in the champions league on saturday .   cavani is a man from salto .
known only by the name gulnaz , the kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah - who is also married to her cousin .   gulnaz 's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her ` shamed ' family as she was unmarried and a kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for ` adultery by force '   now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter -
neill buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye , both 36 , before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in dagenham .   the men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit tv show and videos found on their mobile phones showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet on his genitals .   he was thrown out of the family home in 2001 with his wife , gary ' hunt , 42 .
pete bennett appeared on jeremy kyle today to reveal that he is now homeless .   the 33 year old finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago .   he believes that finding fame on big brother kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class b drug ketamine .
the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago .   scientists believe the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flown through the air .   the dinosaur was named yi qi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur .
nick robinson returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the party 's manifesto from the studio .   mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour .   the tories ' manifesto is unveiled today and the liberal democrats ' is on wednesday .
bayern munich had to overturn a 3-1 deficit against porto on tuesday night .   injured quartet franck ribery , mehdi benatia , david alaba and arjen robben were injured .   robben benatia missed the game with a groin problem .
cynthia cheroitich , 19 , spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive .   al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday .   four attackers died at garissa , but they have not been named .
consumers willing to shell out between # 299 to # 13,500 for gold edition .   analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and sales could top 20 million this year .   apple launches its first smartwatch today .
bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine .   he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache .   within 24 hours of the jab , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating .
mohammad liaqat launched into a ` racist tirade ' at white members of staff .   he objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school .   liaqat was found guilty of assault and five counts of racially behaviour .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed ` poor n ***** party ' on the bottom of the pictures .   the couple was n't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party .   hale claims evans did n't apologize for the racial slur and told the
justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .   the relationship between the toddler and whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of vest market harry dindral said the man was the boy 's father and said he 's seen them in the store together before .   the toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face .
travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome .   ` he is a big part in my life and i do n't know what i would do without him , ' wrote travis on facebook .   the pair sing together at least once a week .
an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier .   footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .   the pup 's owner says that apparently leia loves to suck on her pacifier each time around .
west ham striker andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his knee .   the 26-year-old wo n't be available for the rest of the season .   the 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since west ham .
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the champions league semi-finals .   the first legs will be played on june 6 at the olympic stadium in berlin .   real madrid will play dnipro and sevilla in the semi-finals of the europa league .
prime minister said the tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home .   but the national housing federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties will cost taxpayers # 5.8 billion and was effectively worth # 100,000 to each family .   home secretary said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis and could even make it .
andre ayew is keen on a move to liverpool this summer .   the ghana international will be out of contract at marseille .   wolfsburg , borussia dortmund and napoli are keen to speak to him .
lauren york , 15 , was found in the same town safe and sound monday , a day after run away from her home in ohio .   lauren 's parents believe she left their home in north ridgeville around 4am sunday morning .   she took a backpack packed with a phone and clothes and her bike was missing .
in two years the thames bath lido , which will sit near blackfriars bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project .   plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers with aid of celebrities .   tracy emin and tracy emin will be the first to jump in .
tom richards , 25 , was held in a cell for 11 hours , the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation .   it comes after the 41-year-old accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online .   richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged .
aston villa beat manchester city 2-1 in the fa cup last year .   brendan rodgers admitted his side have to do more in the games .   aston villa captain fabian delph scored 36 minutes to play .
hillary clinton and top aide huma abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday - despite there being a jar on the counter .   ` her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' charles wright , manager of clinton 's campaign .   she was spotted standing next to clinton in security camera footage released by the toledo-area store .
bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage .   the south coast club did not have the first goal at dean court this campaign .   charlie daniels scored two goals for bournemouth .
andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression .   investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` manic depressive '   aviation authority said it did not know about lubitz 's medical background .   eu officials found the lba had a lack of staff .
supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago , but the mother-of-three is already back to her .   the 37-year-old fashion veteran posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot .   ` boogie boarding with my baby , ' she shared monday on her instagram account .
mk dons teenager dele alli picked up the young player of the year award on sunday night .   mk dons sit third in league one , with tottenham signing him for # 5million in january transfer window .   alli paid tribute to tottenham boss pochettino for trusting young players .
shai hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in a 14-man west indies squad for the first test against england .   sheldon cottrell , shane dowrich , shannon gabriel , leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down .   jason holder is the west indies captain .
ben flower was sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october .   sam tomkins is returning to the club on a four-year contract .   anthony gelling and liam farrell scored two tries in five days .
the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc .   it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet -lrb- one metre -rrb- and then backfilled with soil .   three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old and fall within the late mesolithic .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a cctv device was put in the room by his daughter angela wrenn .   ms wrenn , 56 , had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing .   adams admitted to taking about # 65 , north devon magistrates ' court .
stuart mccall confident shane ferguson can play a vital role in rangers push for promotion to the spl .   ferguson , 23 , only checked in to the club 's training base on monday after he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical .   the light blues boss was sent north by the magpies as part of a package on the final day of the january transfer window .
danielle jones stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in berkshire and sung the band 's song ' a million love songs ' as a wedding gift .   the singer had promised to ask the singer to perform at their best friend 's wedding .   bridesmaids kirsty miles and becky young had contacted the singer three months ago to marry her boyfriend darrel .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires .   the cheltenham gold cup winner has two rides at sandown .   the jockey retires from professional racing for good .
bayern munich crowned bundesliga champions for the third year running .   wolfsburg beat hertha berlin 1-0 on saturday to go 15 points clear .   pep guardiola 's side have been crowned champions league next season .
raheem sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money over a # 100,000-a-week contract .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists the 20-year-old star is ` going nowhere ' this summer .   chelsea want to join chelsea and manchester city .
the chevron divine tablewear range is a # 2.79 set of party cups .   william and kate do not know the sex of their baby .   carole middleton , 60 , is due to give birth to royal baby .
mark jones is accused of killing amelia rose jones at his daughter 's home .   the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital .   his defence is he dropped amelia on two nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy .
four adults , three in victoria and nsw , have contracted the hepatitis a virus , all of whom consumed the same brand of frozen mixed berries .   the company 's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any link between nanna 's mixed berries and the virus and shows no systemic failure of its quality assurance programs .   no evidence of hav or e.coli was found in re-tests of all batches of frozen berries .
male employee and accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate tsa screening system at denver international airport in 2014 .   the male worker would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals at the colorado airport .   an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security .
the missouri woman finished a st. louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after the last checkpoint .   schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips to record her times from her race and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles .   her finish time qualified her to run in monday 's boston marathon has now been erased .
ashley mote , 79 , is accused of a string of fraud-related offences .   he allegedly claimed almost # 500,000 in european parliament expenses .   he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between november 2004 and july 2010 .
jose mourinho 's men have been named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year .   eden hazard has made 16 league assists this season .   david de gea has been linked with a move to real madrid this summer .
flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana .   that 's the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts .   flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth .
rachael bishop , 19 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register of the lynnwood , washington store .   when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times .   bishop said it was ` just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store .
alan greaves claimed ` the illuminati framed him by downloading child abuse images on his computer and mobile claimed he was framed by the illuminati '   forensic examination of abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category , with a further 872 at the next level .   burnley crown court heard there were 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies .   greaves , who pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images , also barred from working with children .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 .   holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora , colorado , during a midnight screening of the film .   his attorneys do n't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire .
stephanie scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to walk down the aisle .   he created an online alter ego to use in science fiction , gaming and fantasy characters .   stanford , 24 , has been charged with killing ms scott , a high school teacher in leeton , on easter sunday .
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in 1969 , six months into his presidency .   nixon bought the home for $ 1.4 million in 1969 and moved out in 1980 .   the house was then bought by political ally gavin s. herbert .
in the book ` men and sheds , ' gordon thorburn called the wooden buildings a `` male necessity ''   but now the female sex and more women build at the bottom of the garden they can call their own - a safe haven .   this shed in a shed has a ` beach hut-type style '   the owner of the shed owner has also been able to make a place at the garden .   she shed in the garden to mock tudor pavilions .
will stevens has been using the facilities at st george 's park to help him climb the formula one ladder .   stevens has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine .   the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year .
canadian actor jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage .   the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels .   ` he was funny , he loved comedy and singing and dancing , ' she said .
mexican archaeologist sergio gomez found the liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years .   he found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a tunnel .   this month sergio gomez was once the largest in the americas .
british transport police chief constable paul crowther came ahead of summit organised to determine scale of problem .   latest figures for this season show btp recorded 630 football-related incidents so far .   five fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france .
sensors at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctic peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5 °c -lrb- 63.5 °f -rrb- .   according to meteorologists this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .   over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4 °c -lrb- 63.3 °f -rrb- .
werder bremen moved up to seventh on 38 points with victory in northern derby .   franco leverkusen are third on 54 points after 2-0 win over hoffenheim on saturday .   hamburg are only team never to have played in the second division .
manchester united are considering a move for the france goalkeeper .   daniel levy will play the frenchman to a domestic rival .   spurs owner joe lewis is one of the premier league 's top scorer .
hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ` everyday americans .   ` there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' said marcia dubois , a cashier at bistro & bakery on washington street .   ` they just do n't like her . but you should respect the office she 's shooting for
the london mayor said the labour leader was ` hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an ` orgy of regulation and state socialism '   mr johnson was mobbed by fans at the event by hendon candidate matthew offord and his dog max , and international development secretary justine greening .   mr johnson told voters that if they vote conservative they will get broadband but if miliband vote ukip will get miliband .   he also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm .   she believed the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights .   after the boy was born , she has won the right to see his son .
u.s. coffee giant accused of using little-known british company to avoid paying taxes across europe .   it could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal .   starbucks has paid just # 1.9 million in tax to the dutch government .
suchet , 68 , has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex .   his grandson todd is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases .   those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties .
serena williams will be 34 at the end of a summer .   the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the year .   serena has lost only five sets on tour this season .
ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their brother harvey last year to a mystery illness .   instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital .   now there are more than 1,000 donations have come from the us .
jordan spieth will tee off his third round at augusta at 2:55 pm local time on saturday .   the 21-year-old will be on course at 12:45 pm with reigning masters champion bubba watson .   rory mcilroy and tiger woods will be joined in saturday 's final .
shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid # 2,200 to temporary nurse .   it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following freedom of information request .   it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year .
kim kardashian was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday .   mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page .   only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo .
nicole kidman , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have made contributions to australia through their service and involvement in world war one .   the service records belonging to two of edgerton 's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago .   simon fought in gallipoli in august 1915 .   documents show he fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in france in november 1914 and november 1917 .
david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family .   he admits the comparison is ` not great '   dunphy , played by ty burrell , is one of the characters in the american show .   the prime minister has revealed he is a cool parent , with even his wife claire .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey will have no problem shaking john terry 's hand in light of the racist comments .   terry was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 for the remarks made in october 2011 during chelsea 's 1-0 defeat at loftus road .   ramsey , the premier league 's only black manager , thinks the issue has been dealt with .
toby alderweireld has been in impressive form this season at southampton .   the 26-year-old moved to st mary 's on a season-long loan last summer .   alderweireld 's form on the south coast has interest from manchester city and tottenham .
ted cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but the republican presidential candidate said this weekend he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want .   cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug .   they believe in states ' rights to self-determination , they lay down on colorado and washington
michael gridley , 26 , was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal goods worth more than # 15,000 - then managed to land a job at lidl after he was sacked .   southend crown court heard how it used the supermarket 's own delivery service were taken from the store in basildon , essex , where he worked .   he was sentenced to 12 months for his role in a conspiracy to steal # 15,000 of goods .
celtic are five points behind leaders john guidetti , nir bitton and scott brown .   celtic left back emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league title .   ronny deila 's men take on celtic in the scottish cup on sunday .
mario balotelli is set to leave the club at the end of the season .   massimo ferrero says balotelli should be put on a diet of bread and water .   liverpool have been willing to sell balotelli since january .
holland 's national team have conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the last world cup .   virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic .   van dijk 's last call-up to the dutch side came last year .
asbestos has been discovered in the roof at new york city 's mayoral residence and work to remove the asbestos materials from gracie mansion will begin this month .   the family expect to remain in the home during the renovation .   the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week .
david , 53 , and wife sandra , 52 , were harassmed by david 's sister .   the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary , family secrets and lies .   sandra first met david after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend anne cancelling her brother 's wedding .
new york 's recently-built highline or paris ' jardin du luxembourg visit one of london 's free museums for a cultural fix .   opt for a stroll around the union square farmer 's market and open on weekend square .   the concrete jungle is the world 's largest apple to visit the hudson river .
philippe coutinho was a special guest for manchester united last month .   the reds midfielder said it was the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to brazil icon .   coutinho said he and lucas leiva were made to meet with pele .
gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord .   her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo .   they say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her .
kenyatta is the first graduate of san quentin 's tech program .   he was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training .   leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike .
veteran peer lord janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is not fit to stand trial despite ` credible evidence ' his name and face may .   he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a qc in 1971 .   detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by janner in their youth .
kevin spacey reportedly paid have his name removed from one of the '   sucks ' domains opened on 30 march .   taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '   porn ' domains .   it has recommended charging $ 2,499 a year for the privilege .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning .   the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries '   detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .   driukas , an electrician , was charged with murder .
detention centre operator transfield services said the employees were contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity '   some of the guards were found to have posted anti-islamic messages on social media .   all eight men were posing with former federal mp pauline hanson at the brisbane rally in brisbane .   the guards are former australian defence personnel .
if your name is nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote ukip .   figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel .   idea was to look at whether person 's first name had any bearing on how they voted .
ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck .   four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas .   there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster on saturday .
cody knecht was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain .   in the video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise .   all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on saturday at their home on a nearby canal .
arsenal are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday .   arsene wenger 's team had 63 points from 31 games in the fa cup last season .   alexis sanchez won 19 and lost six in the premier league .
jason robinson played a key role in england 's 2003 world cup win against australia in sydney .   the former england ace admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at wigan .   robinson was arrested for violent offences .
bloomberg , who was elected to the top big apple job three times in a row , is ` considering ' the move , and has the backing of senior officials in britain 's conservative party .   bloomberg has significant business interests in the city .   london is due a new mayor in 2016 .
justin rose will be in the final pair with jordan spieth on sunday .   phil mickelson and charley hoffman will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 .   adam scott will go out at 17.20 .
robert kirkland founded the home decor store that bears his last name , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from complications stemming from kidney failure .   kirkland donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee .   kirkland 's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states .
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win world heavyweight title in 1908 .   former world heavyweight champion james j jeffries retired undefeated in 1904 .   johnson was black and a black man had never won sport .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge in the premier league .   jose mourinho said his team 's low possession stat was to win the game .   chelsea have not won the league since 2010 .
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if jovetic and toure prove too costly .   roberto mancini has impressed during his loan spell at west ham united .   yaya toure and stevan jovetic look set to leave the club in the summer .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 on saturday in the champions league quarter-final second leg .   sebastian rode scored in the minute and hoffenheim 's andreas beck claimed an own goal .   borussia moenchengladbach drew 0-0 at eintracht frankfurt on friday .
shaquille omar hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull .   the 20-year-old 's victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place .   trio were arguing with mr leeke .
mackenzi miller allegedly struck and killed trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka , florida .   her blood alcohol content level was over the legal driving limit .   miller was booked into the orange county jail on thursday after an argument with her mother when she was killed .
caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after golf sensation jordan spieth .   wozniacki and mcilroy dated for more than two years and were due to get married before the northern ireland star .   world no 1 golfer mcilroy with former fiancee wozniacki at the 2013 dinner .
canadian pop sensation justin bieber is set to carry floyd mayweather 's championship this weekend .   the duo have been close friends for years and the 21-year-old has accompanied ` money ' into the ring .   he even joined the fighter on stage during a press conference .
nearly half of the british public believe camilla should become queen consort when the prince of wales accedes to the throne .   49 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana , princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided .   half of those polled believe the duchess does not want to be rewarded as queen .
a new plane design has been unveiled by zodiac galleys europe .   the lower deck area aims to maximise sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest .   designs reveal a bed each and private privacy for cabin crew .
golden sands voted the uk 's number one beach , the third best in the world by tripadvisor .   visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline on for miles .   national trust manager paul boland wants to buy the car park from private landowners .
almeria have named former barcelona defender sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season .   barjuan replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was fired on sunday .   barjuan made 53 international appearances for spain between 1998 and 2004 .
the interactive app shows sound engineers and producers working as they look into studio 1 .   the result is inside abbey road , a new web app that takes users on an interactive , immersive and detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of abbey road .   classical music legend sir edward elgar opened the studios on 12th november 1931 .
emmanuel adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane .   adebayor joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city on loan .   the togo international posted a video of him dancing in the arc de triomphe .
ian somerhalder and nikki reed are married .   the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains .   nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald - wore a white suit and shirt .
advertising entrepreneur john singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 , and the agents expect bidding for the may 9 auction to will kick off at $ 3.5 million .   the property offers wide open plan living onto an undercover front balcony .   singleton bought the five bedroom residence for $ 4.25 m in late .
the woman 's body was discovered at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire .   a 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail .   police said a post-mortem had failed to establish a cause of death .
terrill wayne newman has legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes .   his predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .   galbraith filed paperwork on wednesday to run as an independent for the state 's highest office .
last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for first time , compared with # 141.3 million .   one uk wine importer , david gleave from liberty wine importer to sell it .   prosecco has all been seen as the second ever to champagne .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time .   the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century .   the fourth in a series of 12 fights boxing history .
many feared outside influences were at play as lee , who lives in an nursing home in alabama , had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel .   state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author , who is reportedly deaf and blind , was somehow pushed into publishing the go set a watchman , and launched two investigations into the circumstances .   officials at the state 's department of human say their investigation had been completely closed .
paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board 's managing director of cricket on wednesday .   ecb chief executive tom harrison has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket .   ashes 2005 winning skipper vaughan is also scrapped .
173 lots of designer shoes , handbags , clothes and accessories worth from # 300 to at least # 2,000 are set to go up for auction on april 28 .   the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the feet of carrie and samantha in sex .   the items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter .   she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .   it is looking into the case involving a civil court judge in los reyes .
avocado or sour cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants .   benefits include anti-inflammation , boosted sleep , and improved sports recovery .   reports suggest an increased intake of tart could help to reduce certain post-workout side-effects .
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photograph with snoop at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech .   spears ' bosses called snoop a figure who has a ` criminal background including drug charges ' after his publicist took the photo .   snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted .
freddie gray should have received medical attention at spot where he was arrested .   six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate .   commissioner anthony batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation .   gray was arrested april 12 after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck '
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at the emirates on saturday .   arsene wenger 's side have won 1-0 in a row against burnley .   olivier giroud believes arsenal can not play for the title .
a hero pilot pulled his plane out of a north sea nosedive with just seven seconds to spare .   the airliner pitched down , falling to just 1,100 ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control just moments before it was about to crash into the sea .   the aircraft landed safely in aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries .
the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country .   it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites .   more than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since australia 108 went on the market in february .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse showed children aged ten and under .   experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 .   they were part of the number of web pages containing child pornography has more than doubled over the past year .
the bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year .   commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort .   the craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations .
chelsea boss jose mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite the three midfielders ' decline in form .   eden hazard was chelsea 's best player .   cesc fabregas , nemanja matic and oscar played for stoke on saturday .
the under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than over-50s .   last year workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises .   under-25s are five times as likely to have moved jobs in the past three months than workers over-50 .
floyd mayweather vs pacquiao will generate $ 300 million .   the money man 's daughter iyanna mayweather has been in training with her father .   floyd mayweather and pacquiao have been on social media together .
the labour leader will pledge to ` restore our commitment ' to the eu .   mr miliband has ruled out a referendum on europe , saying it is ` very unlikely ' there will be a transfer of powers to eu and other international groups .   he will accuse david cameron of taking britain to edge of european exit .
zipporah lisle-mainwaring may be worth up to # 60million and has fallen out with her family over inheritance .   woman accused of painting red and white stripes on # 15million kensington townhouse .   mrs lisle-mainwaring has also fallen out of her late husband robert .
latoya tilson , 33 , took out a .25 - caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone .   pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy .   his mother had fled the scene , it is alleged .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out .   he was one of three men arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september .   thomas britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges .
malijah grant , 1 , was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala outside seattle .   her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off .   two male suspects are now being sought by police .
the lion king was shot by adoring dad barles charkley on the site , who is based in baltimore , maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria .   mr charkley posted the brief video which has more than four million views to his facebook page .   it 's the death of the lion 's father , mufasa .
jonny howson made a return to elland road for # 2million in january 2012 .   norwich 's youngest captain since billy bremner 's first game back at his old club .   alex neil and liam cooper both scored in the second half .
naomi , 44 , and jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of burberry 's new eyewear range .   the second joint campaign for the catwalk stars include jourdan dunn and jourdan dunn to team up for a new eyewear campaign .   jourdan and naomi naomi campbell and naomi campbell are among the stars .
james may has been forced to backtrack for top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ` kill themselves '   they will be stripped of all bbc branding and instead be presented as ` clarkson , hammond and may live '   perkins , who became a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson , recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the horrific abuse .   may said : ` we do n't want people to kill themselves but could you please do the world threats to sue
hannah and alex purchased a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand .   a new zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck .   the couple built a home in about a year and a half .
republican gov. sam brownback signed the ` kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday . it takes effect july 1 , the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and dismemberment it as ` dismemberment abortion '   the measure also has been introduced in missouri , oklahoma and south carolina .   brownback says her group will challenge the law in court .
anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , is said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression ' when she stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , and her daughter , four .   mr shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children .   police now believe perez friman suffered a ` psychotic incident ' as a result of post-natal depression .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later .   the bird 's skin had healed around the arrow through it 's neck .   animal officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty .
the northern white rhino is one of the five surviving species of the white rhino .   the indian rhino is a rhino in the 21st century of the wild .   it 's as if the lost world of sir arthur conan doyle had been found again .
arsenal boss arsene wenger has branded the obsession with jurgen klopp 's next move as a ` ridiculous circus '   klopp confirmed on wednesday that his intention was to leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in the club won the champions league final .   klopp takes training for the first time since he would start his stay with the german side or manchester city .   arsene wenger branded the ` circus ' of klopp 's departure as ` ridiculous '   arsenal boss manuel pellegrini is
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday .   two lifeboat crews were dispatched from gloucester , massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break .   the crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner .
manchester city face crystal palace on easter monday .   glenn murray has scored 19 goals in the premier league this season .   harry kane and diego costa are locked on average every 91 minutes .
clarkson , 54 , was fired in march after attacking producer oisin tymon .   ms rippon said it would be ` great ' if she were invited back to front top gear .   ms rippon , 70 , first presented the show 38 years ago , said she would be keen to return to the motoring show .
the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety .   three men who were arrested in the twin cities were already known to authorities .   at least six men were stopped from boarding a plane to istanbul with hamza ahmed at jfk airport after riding on a greyhound bus with him from minneapolis to new york in november .   ahmed was indicted for lying to the fbi during a terrorism investigation .
nadine crooks , 33 , was stunned to fall pregnant again after being told she was infertile .   she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago .   doctors said she would never be able to conceive after cysts were found on her swollen ovaries .
kelly parsons , 35 , has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy .   kelly and her husband dean , 41 , had a daughter , charlotte , in 2003 .   after eight years to conceive emily , kelly gave birth to daughter emily in january 2011 .
kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for dental in flagstaff , arizona .   ackerman , 32 , plans to frame the x-ray and keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future .   the dentist was hospitalized with pneumonia following breast cancer surgery in december of 2010 .
peter fox , 27 , was found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder .   detectives have released cctv images of his mother and sister in merseyside .   police are appealing for the public 's help to track down mr fox .
jordan spieth led charley hoffman to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 .   the lowest two-round score at a major championship in florida last year .   tiger woods will be the lowest 36-hole score in the masters .
the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells .   scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing hiv infection .   the first results to emerge from patient trials reveal the experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient 's blood - their viral load .
bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .   sydney men chan , 31 , and sukumaran , 33 , are currently awaiting execution on the death island of nusakambangan with seven other prisoners after they were transferred from their home .   the court in february rejected their legal challenge for clemency .
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of the season .   the former manchester united striker wants to finish his career at boca juniors .   tevez has told the club he wants to leave the club this summer .
mindfulness - which teaches people to focus on the present moment - has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants .   researchers found patients on a mbct course suffered almost same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants .   over two years relapse rates were 44 per cent in the medication group .
alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma .   she had waited another three months the cancer would have spread and become terminal .   she has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh .
raheem sterling has not signed a new contract with jordan henderson .   the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to liverpool .   brendan rodgers has been criticised for the club .
the wide receiver , a sophomore at southern methodist university , wrote on twitter ; ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning . if my doughnuts do n't come in a plain white box , i do n't want them ! '   sanders , who won super bowls with both the dallas cowboys and san francisco 49ers , is said to play in the 1992 world series with the atlanta braves .   ` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood . lololol
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked at times as she guided police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic .   bullock 's distressed 911 call was played in court today at a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress sandra bullock 's house last summer .   bullock said she went out to investigate noises in her house .
luke shambrook went without food or water at lake eildon national park , melbourne , after he disappeared from the campground on friday .   the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from their favourite campground .   he has been going to the camping spot since he was one year old , his parents rachel and tim shambrook .
roman ehrhardt was an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class - in which he had to violate a societal norm .   the candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted .   one student called him a ` future leader ' for his ` progressive thinking '   britt reynolds tweeted on monday .
venus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory .   the mouse provides ` enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming '   gamers can make their mouse slippery and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response to surge through gamers ' bodies and fight the body for physical activity .   a mouse called ventus x has built-in honeycomb to let gamers breathe and rugged coating so
aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives .   the visit to the bowling alley in colchester , essex has local people and press pack .   lib dem leader is in a yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio .
bastian schweinsteiger is doubtful for their german cup quarter-final against bayer leverkusen .   schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury in bayern munich 's win over dortmund .   bayern said it was not too serious but he will miss the cup tie on wednesday .
the dean of st paul 's read out rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles .   brooke was known only in literary circles when he became famous for the rest of his life .   brooke 's death at 27 from blood poisoning and an art student called phyllis gardner with her secret memoir of their relationship .
tiffany williams and jessica versey , 19 and from chester , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time .   then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss williams 's bald head and another of miss versey 's chest scar .   miss williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on facebook .
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run .   she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans .   in 2014 , she and her husband got the ` wonderful news ' that their daughter chelsea and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby .
the famous trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire ahead of this weekend 's semi-finals at wembley .   gunners supporter max benjamin and reading fan richard putterford have never won the fa cup .   liverpool or aston villa will be out of the cup on may 30 .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april .   his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home .   he was ordered to pay # 2.2 million within six months or face a ten years in prison .
judy , 55 , does n't play tennis to stay in shape .   she tries to pilates , to walking in the hills or gardening .   judy murray 's waist was a belted dress-coat .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice .   known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` ok , google '   google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options .   google also offers an alternative way to unlock an android phone .
cell phone footage shows quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie .   during the 40 seconds or so of footage quaid , the younger brother of fellow actor randy , calls his co-workers unprofessional , zombies and pussies .   ` this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on , ' the video surfaced on monday evening .
the robshaws sample insects in tonight 's final episode of bbc two 's back in time for dinner .   two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects .   presenter giles coren and food historian polly russell serve the family a radical dinner of mexican spiced cricket tacos , buffalo worm tart and cricket kebabs .
the duchess of cambridge revealed her baby is due ` mid to late april '   kate 's real due date is today , which would tie in with comments made by the duchess herself .   kate , 33 , is due to give birth at kensington palace on april 25 .   the 25th is a favourite but the palace says it has never been confirmed .
robert f kennedy jr compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust .   the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in autism among american children .   the nephew of president john f kennedy is trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory .
us researchers say very few weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims .   results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them .   atkins diet , jenny craig and nutrisystem , do appear to be effective .
the australian charities and not-for-profits commission made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday .   the organisation is run by campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children 's books .   the decision was effective from april 1 and had 60 days to lodge an appeal .
caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night .   the snp stalwart wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has been described as blue , grey and green .   labour leader ed miliband said her dress was teal .
jesinta campbell says she shed tears with belle gibson at the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year .   campbell has admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies .   gibson has admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses .
robbie fowler is among the names of best premier league strikers of all time .   the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman would go on to win 26 caps with england .   but fowler is the only five players scoring more than his 162 goals .
arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup last month .   juan mata and marouane fellaini scored for the hosts .   united used to bully ashley young 's cross by wayne rooney .
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui , 22 , had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china .   dong was diagnosed with bone cancer last month but still wanted to have wedding photographs taken for her birthday .   the couple had to make do with the photos for now .
paddle , pellita , chan and idalia sent from australia as gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence .   the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served with the cuddly creatures at brisbane 's lone pine sanctuary .   the move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed .
sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear : ` men do cake . '   but women love cars just as much men .   but they can take jeremy clarkson 's job .
steven sloan joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington .   filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from two of them can be seen jumping from the water .   the group believe the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is the orcas .
milton vieira severiano , 32 , confessed that he battered and shot his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times .   sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed dancer cicera alves de sena , 29 , into the garden of their apartment in rio de janeiro in eastern brazil .   severiano confessed he 'd carried out the act because he was jealous of men looking at her .
philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's debate between democratic candidates .   abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .   54 per cent of participants said they would vote for abraham in the democratic primary .
dashboard camera captured the unnamed driver travelling along a melbourne road when a red ute quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection .   moments later , the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly onto the wrong side of the road .   three young people got out to confront the threatened driver .
for the geordie shore star , who has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year .   one user on twitter thought charlotte was ` healthy body ' to have lost weight .   charlotte is not only newcastle resident and has dropped pounds over 12 months .
jessica cleland was 19 when she took her life on easter saturday last year .   her parents said that she was a ` f *** ing sook '   jessica 's father found her body on sunday last year .   she told her mother she was going for a run .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving .   the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel .   illini 's brother , austin , died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident .
the bosnia international has been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium with stoke .   stoke chief executive tony scholes has agreed new terms on an extension .   scholes believes they can match the final year of his contract .
the woman , 84 , is in critical condition after being run over by her husband .   she was taken to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton , east sussex .   she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as broken bones .
the fire along the border of cities norco and corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles , was sparked by a cooking stove .   fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire , which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles .   the fire threatened hundreds of homes near the southern california dam .
officers investigating the rio de janeiro snack bar found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs .   owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat , a traditional brazilian pastry which is deep-fried and made with ground beef .   ruilonc , 32 , is reportedly one of a group of chinese pastry houses .
rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .   video footage captured by his canine friend shows the doberman licking a boy .   the pup is now too close for comfort .
on the night he launched his first app , a homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city , a deal .   in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand and his mentor leo grand is still homeless .   he would teach him how to code .
fa cup host blackburn at ewood park on may 30 .   kolo toure found the net in liverpool 's fa cup clash with blackburn .   manchester united and arsenal were among the goals .
stuart mccall scored for rangers in 2-1 win over rangers on sunday .   ibrox captain lee mcculloch scored first-half goals from kenny miller .   robbie neilson 's side beat hibs into second place with six games remaining .
the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds .   jacqueline martin , 37 , said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like pinterest .   the french vintage bottle rack is in the head seat .
comedian was outraged when he came across the american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis in 2010 .   the animal-lover sent it out with ` trophy hunters ' and retweeted thousands of times .   francis , who won the tv show extreme huntress , has led an online charge .
jerry grayson set himself the task of tracking down every chopper he had ever flown - only to find one had been converted into a posh camping facility .   the 59-year-old , who now designs aerial stunts for films , was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the fastnet yacht race in 1979 .   mr grayson found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces .
revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire .   locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease .   criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured .
siem de jong played 72 minutes for the club 's under-21s and set up striker adam armstrong .   de jong has only made one league start this season .   de jong , a # 6million summer signing from ajax , has made only three senior appearances .
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were killed on monday when a concrete barrier fell onto their truck as they were driving under an overpass in washington state .   the barrier weighed ` tons ' by investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck took them hours to extract the bodies .   josh , vanessa and baby boy were crushed when the concrete slab fell from a construction site on a washington state bridge and landed on their truck .
channel 7 made a generous donation of $ 32.38 .   twitter users were quick to identify the blunder .   royal children 's hospital 's appeal managed to rake in $ 17.1 million .
bonnie 's new owner has nearly one million views , in an adorable video posted to youtube by user jeannine s. .   bonnie can be abandoned again that she ca n't bear to eat .   bonne was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato .
douglas bader 's story is to be told in a hollywood film being dubbed ` the first great escape '   the officer was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg .   it was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 in the great escape .   bader 's life story has been told on the warburg escape by historian mark felton .
a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the 2015 masters at augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia .   the cell phone ban was barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them .   but fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet will dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship .   the ship 's huge anchors and the marconi room is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish .   the transport to the ocean floor is a mir i or ii submersible .
manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym .   the filipino superstar appeared on friend mario lopez 's extra programme on may 2 to be interviewed at universal studios hollywood on april 1 .   pacquiao and lopez , star of the bell , appeared each other from training in the same gym .
darren goddard ` cried himself to sleep ' when he parted ways with lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down .   former soldier met lewis ' mother aggi , 15 , created a facebook page for him .   mr goddard says his life is now ` complete ' after he spotted his facebook page appealing for help his father .
handwritten note delivered to the pilots by a plane passenger for ` taking her home safely '   pilot jai dillon has been shared on twitter .   he wrote on twitter after the letter was posted by jai dillon .   the photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four .   rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy .   liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand .
an hiv self-testing kit is on sale for the first time in the uk .   the 99.7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like .   the national aids trust warns that 40 per cent of those living with hiv remain undiagnosed for at least four years .
61 per cent of us adults have admitted that they do n't extend invitations to friends and family because of their ` home shame '   more than 60 % of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes .   more than half have n't let visitors in .   rooms .
trout run , a church of scientology-affiliated drug rehab network , has been trying to prove that a patch of land near camp david can build a center for twelve patients .   narcocon , which uses sauna sessions and the teachings of scientology founder l. ron hubbard , was sued in the past for wrongful deaths .   treatments at the center can cost more than $ 30,000 per month .
scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all .   the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity .   australian team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013 .
pope francis urged the international community not to ` look the other way ' and act over the killings of christians around the globe .   the pope has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists .   he urged for ` tangible help ' from communities all over the world face violence and attacks .
manchester united had lost their last four meetings with city but goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling gave the red devils their biggest derby win for six years .   sergio aguero also scored late on for his 100th city goal .   wayne rooney scored as manchester united take the lead at old trafford in the premier league .
inspection in two welsh towns found there were reluctant to issue tickets .   inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells accused of being too lax .   powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even .
fc united of manchester 's broadhurst park cost # 6.5 m .   general manager andy walsh set to host benfica on may 29 .   it is the seventh tier of english football .
sergio aguero is likely to be one of 14 native spanish-speaking players to feature in the manchester derby on sunday .   nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides .   wayne rooney , victor valdes , juan mata , jesus navas and david silva at city .
george osborne warned of a ` dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon .   mr osborne claimed it would spark a ` constitutional crisis ' if scottish mps held the balance of power in the uk government .   ms sturgeon named her price for supporting labour in any deal .
officers spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open .   the pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured .   the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase .
amanda chatel 's essay for your tango that adoption of the ` yes means yes ' law defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner .   she is a victim of rape who is advocating for ` yes ' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses .   all colleges and universities taking financial aid funding .
michael easy , 29 , from southampton , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party .   he posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna everage-style glasses under the profile name of michelle .   officers arrested him once again and he is now facing the next four months in jail for breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison officers .
former secretary of state discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on sunday following years of speculation .   the pair decide to record a cellphone video of the democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable .   they insist her second run at the white house will be about the people .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .   during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student .   ginneti will also face three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the premier league .   bruce said all players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated .   tigers are fourth-bottom of premier league with one of the toughest run-ins .
sandra mathis was caught on camera sobbing with blood on her face as she was being arrested for the stabbing death of her husband in san diego sunday .   the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck .   he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later .
arnold schwarzenegger says the new laws are ` distracting and divisive ' for the republican party .   schwarzenegger says he believes republicans are focusing on the wrong issues .   the actor and former california governor has legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays .
celtic beat 10-man partick 2-0 at the scottish premiership .   james craigen scored a straight red card for a ` last man ' foul on stuart armstrong to concede the spot-kick .   stefan johansen , gary mackay-steven and john guidetti were all suspended .
haben , 19 , and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized in libya .   haben said his friends had been shot dead by armed isis terrorists .   the 30 christians filmed being beheaded and shot by islamic state militants in libya were likely to have been desperate migrants .
german legend franz beckenbauer accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken ` sleeping pills ' in their defeat by porto .   the bundesliga champions conceded twice in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday .   der kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club .
faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping .   the girl 's father put her in a trash can and drove away .   the little girl is believed to be named aliya .
the rare metal currently sits at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table .   results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table .   if it is redraw , it means chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
juan arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela .   the venezuelan icon was bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3 in mexico .   arango spent 10 years playing in europe and has made 121 appearances for venezuela .
real madrid have 48 hours to make decision on javier hernandez .   madrid coach carlo ancelotti said the european champions would buy the player at the end of the season .   hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games at old trafford .
lib dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are ` p ***** off ' and have deserted the party since 2010 .   he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made on tuition fees .   he was asked in an interview with economist magazine why lib dem support had ` collapsed ' in the last five years .
tottenham defender danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city .   rodwell made only seven premier league starts in two seasons for city after a # 12million move from everton .   arsene wenger signed theo walcott , jack rodwell and scott sinclair .
floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish .   chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet .   adrien broner took to instagram to show off the food on show .
the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school .   the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree at the town 's claggett middle school .   some $ 7,000 has been recovered .
ecb chairman colin graves has been linked with graves in english cricket .   the ecb chairman is chairman of yorkshire and has to take up office .   it is the first time kevin pietersen has been colin graves .
david luiz will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with barcelona .   former chelsea man pulled up in first-half of sunday 's game against marseille .   laurent blanc 's side currently sit top of the ligue one title .
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for a pre-season deal .   the defender would be missing for the champions league qualifers in july .   ronny deila has admitted that city want jason back for pre-season .
an eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in china 's capital city into a representation of baymax .   team of artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight .   phone booths in beijing have been painted in the style of disney character baymax .
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015 .   woods has been in 60 days since his 60-day leave of absence in january .   woods has a hiatus from golf .
luis suarez scores his second goal as psg beat barcelona 3-0 .   the result was barcelona 's third in the premier league .   the uruguayan is over and football has won .
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career .   70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings , with the average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes .   one in five workers confessed to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting .
the mamma mia inspired eatery performance , set to open in january 2016 .   bjorn aims to open its doors a block from the abba museum in stockholm .   venue is scheduled to end its 14 year long run in september .
sofia vergara has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex nick loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in november 2013 , six months before they ended their relationship .   hot pursuit star 's lawyer fred silberberg told people late friday that the 42-year-old ` has never wanted to destroy her embryos . '   vergara has refused to ` agree to their preservation under all ' , but she 's not planning on using them .
chief executive of europe 's largest budget airline claims average fare could be as low as 15 per cent over the next two years .   it would be a $ 6 -lrb- # 4 -rrb- decrease from ryanair 's current average ticket price .   ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs with new boeing aircraft that will have more seats and reduce fuel consumption by an average of 18 per cent .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england against west indies on monday .   trott was forced to quit the last ashes tour in the first ashes test .   trott has admitted that he thought his england career was over .
oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop .   the world 's youngest dj is just two years old .   his dj name is aj , is already learning to select and play music with an disc jockey app on his father 's ipad .
kevin de bruyne expects to go ` around the world ' as interest in wolfsburg midfielder .   wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint-germain .   de bruyne has scored 10 league goals this season .
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in moscow on february 27 .   he had been abducted and pressured into confessing to nemstov 's murder .   dadaev is one of five men accused of killing the opposition leader .
formula one driver jenson button completed the london marathon 2015 in under three hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds .   he joked he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance .   button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
fewer than one in three have heard of campylobacter germs .   many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves .   more than 70 per cent of britons identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and her husband vili fualaau , 31 , will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with barbara walters on friday .   the former seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child .   the couple 's two daughters , audrey and georgia , will join their parents for the interview .
a woman known only by her email address as missiesmile21 , has taped posters to the city 's light posts to find the ` tall , charming gentleman ' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street .   the ` love call ' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street near australia square in sydney 's cbd .   the storm lashed nsw on tuesday this week .
italian artist johannes stoetter daubed water-based body paint on naked models .   the 37-year-old has transformed his models into frogs and parrots .   stoetter can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it .
vanhoenacker flight 9525 was killed by co-pilot andreas lubitz .   vanhoenacker is an first officer with the us and wants us to look for him .   vanhoenacker is a officer with british airways .
ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses .   maldives has recently come under scrutiny after the country 's former president , mohammad nasheed was found guilty of terrorism charges earlier this year .   the group claims it has colour-coded the hotels into three categories .
the man posed as a member of st james ' church in manchester to carry out the crime .   he tried to steal the contents of two elderly women 's bags before fleeing .   police have released an e-fit and cctv footage after a thief stole a pensioner 's handbag from a church .
nico rosberg was second to mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in the last 10 races .   the german driver said rosberg was sebastian vettel up as ferrari of sebastian vettel .   rosberg was for a run of eight wins at the chinese grand prix .
image shows giant distant cluster of westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from earth .   in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars .   hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery .
matt giteau is eligible to play for the wallabies again .   former wallabies drew mitchell and giteau have 30 tries in his 63 test appearances .   australia will pick ` elite ' players based abroad .
rafael nadal beat nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round .   the world no 4 and second seed kei nishikori of japan won last year 's event .   the pair met in the barcelona final .
craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body and has the side-effect of hot flushes .   hormone therapy is also given in the form of regular injections or implants .   the cancer has spread beyond the prostate .
sydney based tech and gaming journalist , known for dressing up as wonder woman in her spare time , insists she 's a geek through and through .   ms johnston is one of australians who are dressing up in costumes of their favourite comic book show or movie characters .   the sydney sydney official australian version of oz comic-con is the san diego comic-con .
experts in the us found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria .   they tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples .   other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning .
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia .   she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop .   thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris , who was killed during a botched sting on april 2 .   the 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation .   bates will next appear in court on july 2 .
stewart brand believes the focus on widespread extinctions may be harmful .   mr brand argues it is unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering .   the chart shows the increase in marine biodiversity from the fossil record and the five mass extinction events .
australia ceo julian clarke and party leader christine milne about why the australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable .   mr clarke defended the newspaper as the ` finest national newspaper operating in australia '   ms milne also alleged the australian was run for ideological purposes .   mr clarke said $ 4.5 billion siphoned from australian operations to the united states .
bon apetit has created a loaf of bread and run it under the tap .   the water trick does n't work , but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day .   femail spoke to lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson .
lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of the may edition of golf digest .   she appeared in the women 's u.s. open when she was 12 .   at the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in major tournament .
martin odegaard is expected to go out on loan from real madrid to gain experience next season .   real madrid sign david de gea will mark iker casillas 's time at the club .   iker casillas could be on the end of the season at camp nou .
united set out to exploit lack of willing workers in premier league champions .   united 's game plan was to target city 's midfield on sunday .   yaya toure and samir nasri are also interested in midfield .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming .   the 27-year-old answered bail at peterlee police station in county durham on thursday .   johnson will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 .
qatar airways has been named the most reliable airline in the world .   it scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site wanderbat .   top 22 airlines around the world have found qatar airways .
vincent nogueira beat new york city fc 2-1 for the union 's first major league soccer victory of the season on saturday .   sebastien le toux beat his defender and nogueira it home in the 92nd minute .   new york 's lloyd sam scored in the 27th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the red bulls .
chelsea host chelsea 's 700th game under the top of english and european football .   jose mourinho believes the next 700 will see chelsea supply more players for the english national team .   mourinho also believes chelsea 's demand to follow financial fair play rules .
workers in pingjiang county , hunan province , have visited the ground in china .   the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area , as they flock to extend the walkway .   pingjiang county is located in the mufu mountain range .
bill gates , the billionaire founder of microsoft and philanthropist , has said it may in fact be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet .   he believes the world 's demand for meat can be met with ` moderation and innovation ' in his new blog post .   he has defended meat eating , saying was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian .
dutch royals kicked off with a flotilla of boats on the local canal .   koningsdag - or king 's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands .   was part of willem-alexander 's 48th birthday celebrations .
daniel sturridge believes sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly and hopes he will remain at the club to do that .   the 20-year-old believes it has nothing to do with money and will reassess his options at the end of the season .   liverpool striker was one of four players at the launch of next season 's new balance kit .
researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human .   it uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' - it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens .   if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the bbc 's website .
michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch atletico madrid midfielder koke .   chelsea boss jose mourinho could offer filipe luis to his former club this summer .   koke 's release clause is # 50million .
diego costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 home win over stoke city on april 4 and was expected to be out for a month .   jose mourinho has said loic remy should return from a calf injury against manchester united .   costa injured his hamstring in the premier league title race .
manchester city lead liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games .   city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for final champions league place .   liverpool and manchester city are top of the league with six games to go .
first minister said she would form anti-tory alliance with labour and other parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7 .   snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland .   labour slipped four points behind tories in polls .
radamel falcao and robin van persie could start up front for united vs chelsea on saturday .   wayne rooney and ashley young were among manchester united stars .   louis van gaal 's side were on train at stamford bridge on saturday .
justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery .   castleford winger dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday .   castleford coach daryl powell said justin needs an operation and will be out for six weeks .
australia captain michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer 's ashes test series .   the 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth test in sydney , a match england lost to a 5-0 series defeat .   downton has since left his role and pietersen will be the captain of the melbourne stars next year .
inxs guitarist kirk pingelly and his wife layne won their case against a neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their beaches home .   the pair 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million and features views of freshwater and queenscliff beaches .   warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013 .
england will not be playing in the under 19 european championships .   the young lions had to beat france in saint-lo to july 's finals in greece .   but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet took fulham 's patrick roberts .
the island of naples is the present settlers - the greeks and expat .   the island is the first world war in the french and british .   romans bay is one of the most popular spots in the world .
oil the pan or the meat is the best cuts to cook the perfect steak .   meat and end up with an overdone steak .   do you season ?   and how we all season for steak .
charlotte briggs , seven , was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield even though she can see it from her bedroom window .   her mother lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job .   mrs briggs was refused a place at a school 150 yards from her home and offered one two miles away .
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday .   liverpool striker sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for monday night 's clash at anfield .   liverpool are already without mamadou sakho , adam lallana and mario balotelli .
manny pacquiao paid a visit to the los angeles training camp .   the ufc bantamweight title holder is in the lead up to the fight .   rousey said she was honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person .
ronan ghosh , 39 , was caught on cctv shoplifting # 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store in birmingham .   but a court heard he was caught attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout .   judge told him to complete 80 hours ' unpaid work and pay # 575 costs .
the monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown .   mr li claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .   it is not the first time vegetables have turned up in china but are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers .
fireman stephen hunt , 38 , died after she discarded a cigarette causing a city centre shop blaze at paul 's hair world in manchester 's northern quarter .   she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered , but was due to stand trial on monday .   the girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop 's fire exit .
taronga zoo 's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday .   the prize-winning pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo .   baby elephant tukta presented on a giant pumpkin from the sydney royal easter show on friday morning .
volvo is on sale on ebay for # 45 -lrb- $ 66 -rrb- at the time of writing .   volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road .   it contains powder-fine particles to react to a car 's headlights .
roma drew 1-1 at home to atalanta in serie a to move level on points .   francesco totti scores the gap to five points with lazio on 58 points .   genoa lost 2-1 at palermo and torino drew 1-1 on sunday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with liverpool .   liverpool have offered their 20-year-old winger world cup winner .   pedro would also be available for # 50million - would command wages of # 90,000-a-week .
lianna barrientos married ten men in one year alone .   her first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to ahmed allam .   barrientos married six men in 2002 - including for loitering , drug possession , and jumping a turnstile and trespassing .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker that failed within six months .   mr hatton has only once tried to a nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency .   the 26-year-old received a stack of money over 1000 bills .
wojciech szczesny says adam federici was the best player on the pitch .   arsenal ran out 2-1 winners at wembley in the fa cup semi-final .   goalkeeper wojciech szczesny admits he is sorry for the reading stopper .
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage in florida on tuesday .   lolita grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .   last year lolita grayson was granted a restraining order against the congressman .
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday .   psv coach louis van gaal face opposition from paris saint .   manchester united are keen to leave their rivals behind in the race .
edwin mee denies a series of sex offences which complainants claim took place when he worked as an army recruitment sergeant in croydon .   the scottish officer - known as ` jock ' , allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 .   branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a ` time waster ' and a liar .
the former drummer of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd , robert ` bob ' burns jr , died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia .   burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville , florida , and played on its first two albums .   cartersville is about a two hour drive away from where allman was killed after he crashed his motorcycle into a truck outside of macon , georgia , when he was just 24 .
the martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock .   it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory in greenwich , to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days .   the modern-day clock has since been certified by the guinness world records .
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her south carolina home for six months .   she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled her death was homicide by neglect .   officers were called to the home on january 2 and the smell was some of the first firefighters on the scene set up a fan by the door .
an fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month .   the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites .   police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 .   margrethe 's australian-born wife mary , 43 , was also at fredensborg .   ms thorning-schmidt is married to former labour mp neil kinnock 's son stephen .
oklahoma roommates jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 around 1am .   the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body , and acevedo , 21 , has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon .   it was a fan of the iphone or the android .
gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians ' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass .   they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head .   an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite rebels .   prince talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , is the grandson of saudi arabia 's founder ibn saud and one of the richest men ion the world .
aidan turner 's poldark reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist .   miss reed , 27 , said turner , 31 , was being ` objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female .   poldark star heida reed said it is evidence of reverse sexism .
acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention .   flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease .   tipper lewis , 43 , from london has been superfoods for twenty years .
new zealand international charles piutau has agreed a two-year deal from july 2016 .   he has won 14 caps for the blues in new zealand since 2012 .   the 23-year-old can play full back , wing or centre .
danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday night to watch the pop star perform , two days after his side thrashed the reds 4-1 at the emirates .   jose enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho .   brendan rodgers ' side seven points off the top four with only sevengames of the season .
latika bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire .   on her first visit to india she visited the orphanage before she was adopted .   she has been adopted from india along with two of her siblings .
neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins love food have helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes .   david , 39 , prefers ` very strong and briny flavors '   daughter harper is one of daughter harper 's best son gideon .   david burtka , who is the graduate of the le cordon bleu cooking school .
cause of controversy came when 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer .   co-host david ` kochie ' koch said ` good on her dad 's fair skin '   petition has been launched for sunrise 's samantha armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month .   the change.com twins come from a mixed race family in the uk .
laura bassett and alex greenwood scored against arsenal in super league .   the notts county star was awarded a free kick in the 26th minute .   arsenal equalised five minutes from time in the second half .
lazio beat napoli 1-0 in the first leg of the semi-final on wednesday .   holders napoli set up a coppa italia final against juventus .   napoli coach benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in serie a .
a reading on the ` fright at flambards theme park in helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents .   ian cunningham said he was ` amazed ' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoaster .   noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at flambards in cornwall over the easter period .
the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers .   the pilot also reported that the children were ` excited and a little disruptive ' during the flight .   the pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory .
floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 .   he is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao .   former undefeated world super-middleweight champion calzaghe is confident he can predict .
sarah theeboom has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that her hair is now silkier and ` totally frizz-free ' since she gave up using shampoo .   she was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend with frizzy locks were smooth and shiny .   when sarah asked for her secret , her friend said her hair was the ` greasiest ' it had ever been .
the national team have lost touch with the game 's public .   wisden editor lawrence booth uses his notes to take england .   english cricket says booth in the cricket bible ` lost touch '   england lost eight full series out of last ashes series 5-0 .
jean pockett , widow of private arthur herbert pockett , is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by department of veteran 's anzac day .   she is the widow of arthur pockett , who fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war .   as she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor .
tommy thompson , 62 , and alison antekeier , 42 , have admitted contempt of court in columbus , ohio .   he was accused of cheating his 161 investors , who paid $ 12.7 million to find the ship .   thompson and antekeir were arrested in january .
the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground in greenwich , south east london .   a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and took snaps of the man .   building expert said workman should have scaffolding up at the front of the property .
bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back .   man claiming to be a british militant fighting for the islamic state in iraq have beheaded a man accused of practising sorcery .   harrowing images of the killing have been taken near tikrit .
kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county .   residents on two floors of an apartment building in okolona , kentucky , were evacuated by the fire department .   more than 48 residents at the guardian court apartments had been taken out by boat .
sergey bubka launched his election manifesto on wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping .   bubka is sebastian coe 's rival for iaaf president .   bubka said there was ` no acceptance for cheaters . '
fc chernomorets odessa are offering their players houses by the sea in exchange for wages .   the houses are being offered to the players by the ukrainian club .   club 's manager sergey kernitskiy says houses are valued at # 67,000 .
manchester united host manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .   united moved four points clear of manchester city in third place in the premier league .   louis van gaal said they are four points ahead of manchester united .
sandra bullock was horrified when joshua corbett had broken into her house last summer .   terrified sandra , 50 , was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard .   corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
amy hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year , to raise money for a friend 's daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour .   the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27 .   but the athlete also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend dave keighley - who was part of her support crew .
sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston and was fired for having ` no pizzazz '   she claims that the president fired her because she would n't job with her or watch chick flicks .   she claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ` gender discrimination '   she said she was mislead when she was for the job at spencer 's home in
about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern minnesota sometime between april 1 and april 7 .   the semen , stolen from daniel weness 's farm was taken from an unlocked barn .   a $ 500 canister held vials of semen worth between $ 300 each .
manchester united are to introduce the living wage at old trafford .   in-house staff paid # 7.85 an hour should they be based in london .   united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early .
jamie richardson , 38 , from worthing , west sussex and daniel taylor , pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in bermuda court .   one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew , with the other was accused of hitting himself on the head .   taylor is said to have stood on the foot of one member of staff and both men were accused of shouting and swearing .
lisa erspamer 's new book a letter to my mom , the tv personality admitted that she is now proud to be sharon osbourne 's daughter .   and the heartwarming epistolary book , which was published last week , has arrived in time for mother 's day on may 10 .   ` like all teenage girls i had this ridiculous fear of growing up to be just like you , ' kelly osbourne wrote in her letter .
the president 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` that we have not been able to have as many conversations as we would like '   the obama administration officials would hold classified briefings with members of congress aimed at ` helping ' them not to pass any legislation .   the white house is whipping support for a bill that would give congress a say on a potential deal with iran to curb its nuclear program .   majority leader kevin mccarthy said he will bring the bill to the
manchester united beat manchester united in the uefa cup in 1995 .   sir alex ferguson is one of the 11 host cities for 2018 world cup .   the english side were competing in the second division in the southern zone .
rob macfarlane shared his first picture of ` little mac ' on social media on thursday morning .   the little critter climbed almost 700 feet up macfarlane 's tower crane in toronto before being photographed .   the crane climbed over 700 ' to crap on my machine deck .
oscar ` papoo ' hernandez jr said he was ` awed ' by the former new england patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before odin lloyd 's killing .   aaron hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013 .   oscar hernandez spent some time in solitary confinement at the rhode island jail .
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course .   tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and rickie fowler 's girlfriend lindsey vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have dropped out of the top 100 ranking .   bubba watson 's wife angie was dressed in a white jumpsuit and u.s. sskierlindsey vonn during the par 3 contest .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
wayne rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street in an interview with ant and dec 's ` little ' counterparts on saturday night takeaway .   the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid or little ant .   rooney admitted in the interview .
claims by the country 's biggest food bank network that served a million hungry people is likely to be no more than half a million .   shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves said ` these are not unique users '   trust admitted that fewer than half its claimants come forward only once .   15 % make more than three visits to a food bank in a year .
relieved owner tracey hannant said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch .   it took 18 firefighters to free white havana cob cody .   he was trapped in a muddy ditch for six hours .
the outlay on stroke research is little better , with 19p allocated from each # 10 spent on the health and social needs of patients .   just 11 per cent of research funding from he government and charities into the uk 's leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia .   amount spent on cancer research is around 13 times higher than dementia , and almost six times more than stroke .
peter moores says he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket .   former england captain was sacked as managing director of england cricket .   moores is expected to be a man .
elderflower fields festival will be held in the setting of pippingford park for the second year running .   the independent festival was created in 2012 by a team of friends .   the kalakuta millionaires were a draw on stage last year .
chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday 's match with stoke .   john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem .   marc muniesa is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available .
john higgins and graeme dott led scottish charge on sunday .   four-time winner higgins impressed with 10-5 victory over robert milkins .   dott fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and 106 in second session .
six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent .   video was created by pandora to celebrate australian and us mother 's day on may 10 .   video has been viewed 2.8 million times .
incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 c at st james 's park .   mother frantically tried to open the door when her keys were locked inside .   she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ` taliban '   she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent .   disciplinary panel of the national college for teaching and leadership ruled ms gretton ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as disability '   panel said she showed no remorse for ` deliberate ' and said she did n't want to encourage children `
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday evening .   the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' , took place on wednesday night .   ringholt is the guide on nude gallery tours at the museum of contemporary art in sydney and mona in tasmania .
summer elbardissy had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury .   she was reportedly partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck .   miss elbardissy was discovered lying unconscious on the floor , with her face covered in blood .
hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin was spotted with her husband anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan in new york on saturday .   abedin and clinton were seen a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week .   staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas .   poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit .   no one was hurt below .
raheem sterling has never said he wants to leave the club in the summer .   brendan rodgers insists he is considering his future at the club .   rodgers says sterling is still focused on playing during the season .
an aer lingus flight from dublin to vienna yesterday had to return after it had ` technical issues ' the incident was the second one of the day for dublin airport .   the airline said that flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back at 9.20 am , with 120 passengers on board .   the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause .
taylor swift and calvin harris spotted together at troubadour club in west hollywood .   they were a record company to write a job description for popular music .   last year , his # 70 million nest egg was an celebrity on forbes magazine 's celebrity 100 .
thibaut verlinden is poised to sign on july 9 when he turns 16 .   the 15-year-old is a member of belgium 's u16 squad .   club brugge and anderlecht also interested .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a ` safety ridge ' cut off the oxygen to her brain .   coroner said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths .   grace 's mother esther put her down for a nap on april 9 .
huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years .   he has applied for more than 500 jobs but has not been called for a single interview .   he has been unable to secure a job and says he ` has n't got the foggiest ' about what he is doing wrong .
the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ! ' at them on friday and drove away .   she shared her account of the story as a ` reminder for us to be kinder to each other '   the story has since caused a stir in maine - some residents of the state .   news anchor jackie ward shared the story on facebook .
tv schedule for the final day of the season may 24 .   manchester united beat arsenal at the emirates in the premier league .   juan mata scored for manchester united in live tv match .
manchester city beat qpr 1-0 at old trafford on sunday .   sergio aguero scored 100 goals for manchester city in the 89th minute .   manuel pellegrini 's side were beaten in the premier league table .
tiger woods flew by private jet from florida to play a practice round last tuesday .   mickelson is one shot behind in the third round with a 68 to sit one shot at the shell houston open .   phil mickelson will end the masters at augusta next week .
andy murray beat david ferrer to reach the miami open semi-finals .   the world no 1 is likely to face andy murray in the miami final .   john isner is up next for djokovic .
chelsea beat leicester city 2-1 in the premier league on sunday .   john terry scored in the leicester box to give his players a half-time rollicking .   jose mourinho said he was top of the league after john terry 's goal .
ronald koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification .   koeman called for his players to show more common sense .   mauricio pochettino 's first return to st mary 's .
luke bryant was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at st mary 's stadium .   arsene wenger was confronted by an angry fan during the poor performance on new year 's day .   the father-of-two admitted ` going onto an area ' of football act 1991 .   bryant said in court he was frustrated with his club and ` just wanted his voice heard '
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile .   but later in the dew returned to his friend 's home , dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face and was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury .   dew has been jailed for mugging his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday .   the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town .   semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s .   he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated .   in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame.inscribed on the back of the frame .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner .   ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray .   hafeez bhatti was racially abused along with his wife on a sydney train .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year but it has now opened the service to everyone across the uk and ireland .   it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post .   films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me ' function .
mauricio pochettino would prefer kane to rest at the end of his breakthrough season .   tottenham forward harry kane has been in superb form this season .   tottenham and england have been in talks for some time without an agreement .
bridget klecker , 42 , died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing police during a wild chase through san francisco .   officers tried to stop the suspects ' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns .   the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .
tim farron was accused by the dead man 's widow of ` betrayal ' after an inquest found that jo stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress '   mr stephenson fell from the three-storey property in windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in mr farron 's westmorland and lonsdale constituency .   widow hilary has accused mr farron because of his religious beliefs - of reneging on a deal to support her late husband .   mr stephenson led controversial lib dem plans to boost council 's
jessica mauboy , model maddison brow and nick smith were among the gift bags at the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday .   the show was an $ 899 lenovo tablet with their gift bag at the show .   celebrities include lindy klim , and jordan stenmark and lindy klim .
kathrin goldbach , the girlfriend of killer pilot andreas lubitz , and her family are said to be so afraid of being too scared to return to the town .   they have reportedly fled their home in montabaur and vowed to never return .   the 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return .
clare hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures .   she had recently noticed her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear .   she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah .
the unarmed 22-year-old , cao yu , held off the man in a public square in southwestern china earlier this month .   she stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol .   the young policewoman was found ` bleeding all over ' , now recovering in hospital .
nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy .   but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with hiv were more expensive , a decision was taken to use .   mr farage 's remark was ` a bit spicy ' , ukip source said .
hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules .   revenues declined to # 217.2 million in the period down by # 100million .   city watchdog has forecast just three or four lenders out of 400 will be left standing .
a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon .   one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness .   jordan miller tweeted on twitter : men of brisbane must have been bad .
actress shay mitchell may star as emily fields on the hit teen series .   julie falconer 's account is a lady in london .   adventure photographer joe greer has made a second career .
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice .   the drivers have revealed their personal tips , life lessons and cultural tips all in the name of love .   sharif , 32 , said honesty is ` key ' love .
cheryl heineman , 45 , from st cloud , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics .   heineman allegedly handed the officer three xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $ 100 in cash .   the woman 's suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years .   it is a walk from mistley station .   we are in essex .   the room is # 20 .
bob arum ordered an end to manny pacquiao 's open workout day last week .   arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins .   floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call .
manchester united no 1 de gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland .   iker casillas claims he is willing to fight for the no 1 jersey he went on to make his own as a 16-year-old in 1996 .   the spain international has spent his career at the bernabeu .
dave heeley , 57 , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks .   he took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .   the 57-year-old crossed the finish line on friday after running 156 miles and camping in the desert .
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures at borussia dortmund .   west ham need a move to the olympic stadium in a year 's time .   sam allardyce is not man to lead west ham .
an official said the fighters had burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days .   it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit from the islamic state group this week .   security and military forces were ordered to ` deal with cases of vandalism ' , he said .
other images show scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon posing with a call to ` come at me bruv '   mr miliband superimposed over london rapper plan b .   mr miliband said : ` if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one '   prime minister david cameron and nick clegg appear on channel 4 series gogglebox .   labour leader nick clegg and stephen webb were among brighton .
london mayor last night urged ukip voters to ` swing behind the conservatives ' to avoid the ` nightmare ' of a ` backward-looking labour government ' propped up by an ` even more left-wing ' snp .   a lot want to come home to the tories . any gain by ukip is a ` vote for ed miliband ' , he said .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .   perry says kym ellery 's show is ` taking a breather '   perry says she is one of the mercedes-benz fashion week 's 20th anniversary of mbfwa .   perry 's name is a second fashion week in 2015 .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , was detained in the ugandan capital kampala in connection with the death of joan kagezi , who was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against islamist terror network al-shabaab .   kiyemba is one of 16 former guantanamo prisoners awarded # 20million payout from british taxpayer over claims of false imprisonment and human rights abuse .   his case was championed by muslim human rights group cage .
teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling , the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday .   their school banned all pre-packed lunches and cut their lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes .   students claim food cooked in the school canteen is only after money .
siobahn o'dell , 17 , from north carolina , sent the admissions office a message of her own .   on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade .   miss o'dell 's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her tumblr account .
holland full-back played the full 90 minutes of sunday 's 1-0 defeat at the stadium of light .   jermain defoe scored the winning goal for john carver 's men .   holland full-back daryl janmaat has admitted that newcastle united 's trip to sunderland could not be enough .
james houlder and girlfriend vicki hood saved up for months for sunshine break at sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh .   couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea and were barely able to leave their room .   vicki , 22 , claims she has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection .
bacary sagna has only made 16 appearances and city are fourth in the premier league .   the manchester city defender insists he does not regret leaving arsenal for the etihad .   the france international has played only 16 times for city this season .
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ` way further than a free speech issue '   the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .   student government leaders said they encouraged students to celebrate ` by not annoying the s *** out of everyone about how ` different ' you are '   student government vice president : ` we just do n't give a f *** '
cska sofia 's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent .   uvarenko joined the bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in january .   uvarenko has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their passionate support .
alice dreger attended the class at east lansing high school after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what happened about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex .   just two in 100 women will get pregnant a year when people use condoms correctly .   the school has denied it only teaches abstinence .
a commission designed to review evidence about a saudi florida family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said the report was ` unsubstantiated '   relatives of abdulaziz al-hijji and his wife anoud left their 3,300 square foot florida home in august 2001 , but did not take cars , furniture or food from their fridge .   at least one ` family member ' had attended the same venice , florida , flight school as some of the terrorist attacks on the flights , marwan al-shehhi and ziad jarrah , were reported to have
patrick bamford hopes winning the championship player of the year award for his 19-goal season on loan at middlesbrough .   the 21-year-old has scored 17 championship goals for middlesbrough this season .   chelsea boss jose mourinho hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge .
millie-belle diamond set up instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow .   millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a 115,000 instagram followers .   on her first birthday , millie-belle is seen in a pink tutu and top sent to her .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project .   the swede says he was on a bridge over a week ago and is back in manchester .   he says he is ` sectioned ' and wants to get a shower .
sources thomaz alckmin , son of geraldo alckmin , was one of the victims after the aircraft came down in a residential neighborhood .   crash happened in the carapicuiba area on the outskirts of sao paulo yesterday .   no one was thought to have been in the house .
crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the animal to safety .   cody got stuck in the mud after wandering into a bog in belvedere south-east london .   cody was covered head to hoof in mud .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , a fierce critic of bashar al-assad , may have been assassinated by the regime in his home country .   the father of six was found slumped in a volkswagen passat with wounds to his chest on a street in wembley on tuesday morning .   his son was sentenced to death by assad 's father .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus this season .   palmer was only 0.6 secs behind pastor maldonado at an f1 event .   in china , palmer 's run-plan will get a shot .
the stars of married husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive .   ryan , 29 , says she wanted to be a runaway bride in the ` friend zone ' during their trip to puerto rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him .   ashlee 's edit are an important options in paradise .
melbourne-born , paris-based martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade .   a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with ceo alan joyce .   the fashion designer also created new qantas uniforms for cabin crew in 2013 .
caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside j.j. watt .   the game between between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city and world no 5 wozniacki .   wozniacki had spent the day before the game with us president barack obama .
michael buckley , 60 , died after being hit by shopping trolley at marks & spencer .   he suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st - fell to the floor in the aisle .   he was taken into intensive care and put on a life - support machine .
rev howard-john wesley opened the alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , on sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service .   ` let the brother worship in the house of god , ' wesley said .   it is the warm up for the annual easter roll .
janet brown was found gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her back at the foot of the stairs of her family home in buckinghamshire .   mrs brown 's two daughters roxanne , 38 , and zara , 43 , described their hother as a ` kind and loving nurse '   mrs brown was home alone .   her two daughters and her son benedict , then 21 , died of head injuries .
rfu has said galarza should have been ineligible for the match .   gloucester currently lie ninth in the aviva premiership .   west country club have three league games against sale sharks .
al sharpton has denied that the family of walter scott have barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a ` circus ' of media attention .   allegations that scott 's family wanted him gone to avoid ` another ferguson type of circus ' is ` bogus '   he would head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on sunday after the funeral .   scott was shot on saturday april 4 .
crystal palace beat sunderland hat-trick at the stadium of light on saturday .   glenn murray , jason puncheon and wilfried zaha scored for crystal palace .   yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick for the eagles in the second half .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook 's ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 .   gavin is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year .   talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players at manchester united .   van gaal says van gaal 's ` football intelligence ' from his players .   carrick and rooney are on the top four at old trafford .
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings .   ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park , which lies just ten kilometres from the region 's famous glitter strip .   in 2008 , a man died in a caravan fire .
treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix .   the changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $ 1,000 online from overseas .   consumer advocacy group choice says consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks .
the park hyatt new york has hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer narcisco rodriguez to re-design the staff 's uniforms .   the shangri designer first launched his own line at age 21 .   jw marriott hotel in toronto was inspired by the asian artwork in the property .
driss diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old reda diaeddinn , on the ground floor of their phoenix , arizona home at 2pm on thursday .   he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law , meriem ben yahia , before taking his own life .   his wife and two children , aged three and 10 months , were able to escape and shed called 911 .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies .   mark wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook 's squad , spent a day this week on thursday .   england are hoping to fly to the caribbean .
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league .   qpr host west ham on saturday to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left .   cesc fabregas ' 88th minute strike scored a late 1-0 win at qpr earlier this month .
lionel messi has played at celtic park three times in europe during his career .   the scottish giants failed to qualify for europe 's elite club competition .   messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season .
a harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time .   scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live .   shown is a taste bud with receptor cells -lrb- green -rrb- and collagen surrounding the bud .
older fathers should be better informed about risks of conditions that can occur in offspring .   men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives .   this could have implications for the next generation .   men aged 50 or older were twice as likely to end in the loss of the foetus compared to younger fathers .
hbo 's hit series , game of thrones , is set to return with its fifth series .   croatia , iceland and the giant 's causeway in northern ireland series five .   travel referral service zicasso offers a luxury themed tour of spain .
a train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30 am monday morning .   more than 500 passengers were taken to manhattan after smoke in an underwater tunnel left hundreds of passengers stuck beneath the track 's third rail .   part of the train 's contact shoe is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail .   mta has warned passengers to expect delays on other lines such as the n , q , and r .
everton manager roberto martinez insists he is not concerned romelu lukaku has joined forces with mino raiola .   raiola , 21 , has scored only eight times in the premier league this season .   paris saint-germain striker paul pogba and liverpool 's mario balotelli could be set for a move from everton .
exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high in new jersey .   they were taken at the age of 18 when he was found hanged in his miami home .   he had been left ` devastated ' by recent rumors about dr franff in tina fey 's netflix show .
etienne gould nunan was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and went on to develop pneumonia , suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .   he was finally allowed to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth .   his parents , carman gould and jonathan nunan have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time '   former england star scored 170 for surrey in the parks .   pietersen already has three ashes series wins on his side .   pietersen has been sacked 14 months after alastair cook 's team .
australian choreographer wade robson claims jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child .   robson and safechuck missed a statutory deadline when they filed their claims more than a year after jackson 's 2009 death .   lawyers say the king of pop shelled out nearly $ 200 million to as many as 20 victims .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .   but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt .   a third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to clean their own motor .   only five per cent of those said that had ever asked their children to wash the car as a way for them to earn extra pocket money .
manchester city face chelsea in the champions league on monday .   manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for champions league .   manchester city are in the premier league with a second half of the season .
robert charles bates , 73 , shot and killed eric courtney harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store .   harris , 44 , ran up ` trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot .   police at the scene in tulsa , oklahoma , bates , a former full-time officer , accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun .
the great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country 's northern border against foreign invasion .   private planes comes with some legroom and legroom .   justin bieber 's ` luxurious ' travels can be used for social media .
former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year , and she regularly boasts on twitter that her four-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching ` muslims killing bad ppl '   the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassab is ` brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the syria-turkey border last year .   the 28-year-old has a new husband as the islamic state does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in raqqa .
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election .   experts have warned of impact on the economy of a .   hung parliament .
real madrid star isco admitted he is unhappy with life at the bernabeu .   isco was one of real 's best players this season .   he returned to the bernabeu for the second leg of the madrid derby .
mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire .   golden globe winner hamm was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a pledge at the university of texas at austin .   hamm is a doctor and lawyer in fort worth texas .
` pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half cadbury 's creme eggs and is served with a side of chips .   savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers who have taken to dipping chips into creme egg ` yolk ' like traditional toast soldiers .   creme egg oozing from traditional pie casing then served with chips to more customers at # 2.75 .
kenneth lombardi was a red carpet regular for cbs new york .   he claims one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a christmas party .   lombardi is seeking damages for violation of labor laws , emotional distress and discrimination .
corporation is paying tens of thousands of taxpayers ' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space .   new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet , took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 four years behind schedule and at least # 55 million over budget .   bbc has admitted it ` occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms and spent # 47,198 on external spaces .
carwyn scott-howell , seven , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france .   his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia were separated from them .   schoolboy 's death ruled out negligence as a factor .
gary teale has hit back at ronny deila 's criticism of the st mirren park pitch .   teale insists artificial pitches would make for better spectacles .   norwegian 's criticism was unjustified and unfair on the paisley club .
liz norden 's adult sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon .   the men , who now use prosthetic legs , now help run a charity alongside their mother .   she said it is ` way too soon ' for mark wahlberg .
margaret bates , 60 , from mottram , tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her lover james smith .   smith , who was 49 , got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his crimes .   mrs bates said she wished she killed smith when she first met him .
dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games .   jackie mcnamara is under pressure after dundee united 's 2-0 defeat by celtic .   jackie mcnamara 's goal was on wednesday night against dundee at dens park .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was abducted from her home by a man who attacked her with a machete .   detectives are searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend .   police still have serious concerns for her welfare .
the site has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day .   highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device .   to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in your screen .
vlad tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm .   the city had to pay $ 30 an hour to help dig out the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in february alone .   huge piles of the white stuff still remain .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls .   lib dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be available online .   money would come from sale of assets including land and buildings .
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2 .   mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with ` midnight train to georgia ' singer knight .   mayweather is expected to get # 120m from the fight , the biggest event in the history of boxing .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 .   both men were each fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines .   the men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at fremantle magistrate 's court on friday , but was singed by the flame .
dallas nurse nina pham contracted ebola while caring for thomas eric duncan , the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease .   pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit .   the hospital also respected pham 's privacy and acted only with her consent .
queen elizabeth ii topped the sunday times rich list with a fortune of # 13.2 bn .   her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen .   britain 's super-rich now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete .   so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and fitted the image around his girlfriend and their unborn son .   smith passed away before his son 's birth .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .   the advert features julia , 58 , of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old .   she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad .
ministry for state security ` stasi ' during 40 year existence of east german state .   photos were found in archives of east germany 's stasi secret police .   they were also used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone .   demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk .   tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of new plantations will be required to meet projected demand by 2024 .
tony blair 's contract sets out in great detail mr blair 's demands for confidentiality .   critics have questioned role of former prime minister working for other sovereign states .   mr blair last week denied being being paid by the united arab emirates .
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home .   he ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking .   miss mitton , 23 , put up 400 posters near her home .   miss mitton drove 112 miles from wednesbury in the west midlands .
salford 's rangi chase could face a ban of up to eight matches following a dangerous tackle .   chase will be joined at red hall by salford team-mate weller and hull kr prop mitch allgood .   all eight players are available to play for their clubs on easter monday .
former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt .   on may 4 , fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores said it 's just a rumor at this point .   fiorina also has a book scheduled for release on may 5 in hope , arkansas , the town of former president bill clinton 's birth .
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy .   doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion .   the 28-year-old had pregnancy complications due to her leukemia but rejected treatment on religious grounds .
the ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor .   murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ` solely ' to blame for the club 's stock exchange removal .   former football board chairman also accused dave king of making ` misleading ' statements .
dorset-born cook , 24 , has been granted citizenship by moldova and plans to fight for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio .   three time european champion has refused to compete for great britain since may 2012 .   british taekwondo star aaron cook applied for citizenship .
the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her working in new york , and says their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water '   wells says her model friends would compare her to her .   the move comes days after france passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in paris fashion week .   ` plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates .
the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .   as he stood in a brown meadow , gov. brown ordered sweeping , unprecedented measures to save water in the state .   the governor 's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , took cooper the dog to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .   the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .   the video shows that cooper always eats very quickly .
lucas moura is ` obsessed ' with the way of lionel messi .   psg play host to barcelona on wednesday night at parc des princes .   psg face barcelona in the french league cup on april 21 .
tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files .   it caused police systems to be down between four and five days .   they were forced to pay a $ 500 in bitcoinransom .
tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town .   with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner max mcgregor joined forces to help rescue a dog named shelby out of a tar pit .   the family was willing to stay with shelby as they heard his story .
aaron cresswell , 25 , has been a reported target for chelsea and manchester city .   west ham manager sam allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for aaron cresswell .   the hammers manager claims cresswell would be better off .
ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am .   mrs davis gave birth to their son andrew on tuesday , three days after her husband died .   mitchell ran several red lights before driving into mr davis , and his passenger , rayvorris altuan oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash .
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 .   both girls , who were students at crystal lake middle school , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff 's office distributed their names and mug shots .   one of the girls has now filed a lawsuit against sheriff 's department .
incident took place in olani village , four kilometres from manpur , in india .   recorded by villagers from relative safety of hut rooftops .   ward beats leopard twice on the head as it tries to slash him with claws .
the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja .   the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director .   mediapro group also produced three of his films .
monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus on a road in macclesfield , cheshire .   the 41-year-old had to be restrained by police after she tried to climb out of a police patrol car .   mcdermott , now aged 41 , pleaded guilty to drink driving when she appeared at macclesfield magistrates ' court .
the doggie fine diner will be served for one weekend only -lrb- 11 to 12 april -rrb- in shoreditch , london .   menu was devised by organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson .   it is the first of its kind in britain to serve organic canine cuisine on saturday 11 and sunday 12 april .
ronald koeman 's side are seventh in the premier league with 53 points .   saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches .   graziano pelle has scored seven times for southampton this season .
marine le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party .   he defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '   mr le pen was calling france 's spanish-born prime minister manuel .   valls ` the immigrant ' and philippe petain .
online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits .   kate wore natasha coat to kensington in january .   it sold it with # 46 fuchsia wrap dress .
two women aged 24 and 22 held at manchester airport in early hours of this morning .   waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and two of their children have also been flown back to the uk .   waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor , has been held on suspicion of the same offence .
tyler macniven won the ninth season of the amazing race .   the couple 's wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 .   the video shows the two saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore .
suicide bomber first attacked convoy before militants opened fire .   colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in attack in anbar province .   fighting has been under isis control since year .
four under-age members were busted by police on an alabama interstate with a trailer-load of alcohol , after being stopped for an expired tag .   authorities say more than 100 cases of natural light beer , tequila , rum , and whiskey .   the suspects will likely be charged with underage alcohol possession .
one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin .   stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones , which then trigger more oil production .   experts say growing stress levels are a key factor .
crawley-based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled design for premium economy seat .   acro 's ` series 7 ' seat could one day sit in seats by crawley-based aircraft seating .   seats were designed by sources of discomfort and more space .
the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism .   the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .   last year microsoft ceo satya nadella was forced to apologize for saying that women do n't need to ask for a raise .
major general james post iii found that his words to 300 airmen at nellis air force base on jan. 10 may have a ` chilling effect ' on some of them .   air force chief of staff general mark welsh said the air force needs to retire the plane to save money and free up people to learn to maintain the new f-35 joint strike fighter .   post iii was the vice commander of air combat command .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens .   the loss of bushes and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have played a role in the animal 's demise .   there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning .   miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months .   officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker .
paul smith has not fought since he beat edwin rodriguez on points in november 2013 .   ward 's wba world super-middleweight title will not be for ward 's wbo belt .   ward has been inactive since november 2013 .
the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts , and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .   it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send .   google is now available on android phones .
shaun bryan , 23 , was paralysed in 2011 when gang members shot at bryan .   he and 20-year-old gino sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones , a laptop and cash .   thusha was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little thusha kamaleswaran in 2011 .
chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely .   a third of the under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends and they did n't know how to form new friendships .   many admitted they wished they had more friends .
nic newling is using his story of loss and confusion .   he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards to raise awareness of mental illness .   the 28-year-old was diagnosed with bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 .
michael foster objected to mention of his four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin .   ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said : ` you c *** . if you pick on me again i will destroy you '   labour candidate michael foster said not many people would be hit by the tax .
alexandra allen , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world .   showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .   symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure .
interim chairman paul murray put blame for aim 's decision .   chairman-in-waiting dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor .   rangers will have to hand newcastle united # 500,000 if they win promotion to the premiership .
andy murray will host britain 's biggest home tie in three decades .   british captain leon smith will host the davis cup quarter final .   france has seven players in the world 's singles top 50 .
one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within .   for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained .   his new paper at the university says information is n't lost .
peter sutcliffe has spent three decades in jail for savage killings of 13 women .   mass murderer is to be moved to a low-security priory unit set in berkshire woodland .   sutcliffe is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the ` voices from god ' he blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial .
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,000 in itemized deductions .   the largest was a $ 22,012 donation to the fisher house foundation , which supports military families .   the couple also reported making $ 94,889 from the sale of obama 's best-selling books .
protests to demand answers in freddie gray , 25 , in police custody last week .   protesters threw objects at cars , kicked windshields , smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear .   multiple demonstrators were seen jumping on police cars .
three women have been jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days .   prosecutors said their ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war .   two others escaped with fines .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before .   but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent .   the cdc report is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private .
the first 100 customers at each of the melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide city stores on saturday april 11 at 9am can snap up the collectors ' items .   the original barbie doll was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 .   myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the dolls .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves .   treats can range from a bar of chocolate to designer clothes and shoes .   men spend third more a month than women on treating themselves .
ap mccoy 's grand national victory on do n't push it in 2010 .   shutthefrontdoor , trained by jonjo o'neill , will be an avalanche of support .   mccoy will retire in february .
australian artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his friends , myuran sukumaran and andrew chan , are expected to be executed in indonesia .   quilty has addressed his poignant post to indonesian president joko widodo .   he has rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row .
south yorkshire police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham .   nca said police force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence .   at least 1,400 children were abused in the town over 16 years .
raymond allen opened the first kfc franchise in preston , lancashire .   he had become a friend of ` the colonel ' sanders after meeting in chicago .   mr allen said he thinks the restaurant is ` dreadful ' and wo n't eat there again .
sporty pippa middleton was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week .   the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton to raise money for the british heart foundation .   pippa 's sister of the duchess of cambridge currently preparing to raise part in cycle from brighton in june .
gaston pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago .   the 96-year-old claimed he had endured years sexual abuse at the haut de la garenne children 's home .   pinsard , 96 , is thought to be britain 's oldest serving prison .
the president of zimbabwe is lining up his daughter to succeed him .   he was turned into memes at harare airport for a state visit .   mugabe failed to see the side and had no 27 bodyguards suspended .
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas warned it will go bankrupt next week .   he said the country had been ` running on empty ' since february .   with a debt repayment deadline he failed to pay its power bills .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan .   pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they are 105 .   tens of thousands of savers are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off .
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line .   warren said she does n't believe convicted boston bomber should be sentenced to death .   the jury will decide whether or not to sentence tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty .
china has built the airstrip on fiery cross reef in the south china sea without consulting the philippines , vietnam , malaysia , brunei and taiwan all claim .   china 's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated the country of bullying others with its ` military muscle '   more than # 3.3 trillion worth of trade passes through south china could be used for military operations .   china 's rapid progress could be planning to build another .
michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for england .   he played in the match against ecuador in the 2006 world cup .   england have won just four competitive matches .
coral jones , 43 , was snatched from outside her home in machynlleth , powys .   she was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger .   she blames herself for letting april stay out on her bike ` for an extra 15 minutes '   mrs jones has suffered from agroraphobia and will not leave the house on her own .
edson cholbi do nascimento will be the coach in the second division of the brazilian league this year .   edinho mirim has been hired as a coach of a brazilian team .   he is appealing a 33-year sentence .
bournemouth 's promotion means arsenal will start season in second place for the first time since in 100 years .   the gunners will not start the season at the summit of england on monday .   the embryonic table will host premier league football next season .
fbi and secret service hackers were able to access real-time , non-public schedule of president obama .   white house said there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office last year .   in october 2014 , hackers reportedly accessed president obama 's non-public schedule .
the tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day 's date on the cathedral 's dome .   completed in 1436 , the cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world .   it did not leave any permanent damage .
echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach , a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria 's mornington peninsula .   the zoo built a special swimming pool for its echidna residents to cool off on hot summer days .   echidnas , like many native australian animals - are ` proficient ' swimmers .
robert dellinger was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant .   prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself .   dellinger was given credit for the 15 months he has previously served and could get out of prison in less than eight years .
catherine nevin was given life in prison for arranging to having her husband shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course .   black widow catherine nevin took her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .
in footage posted by elihudi justin urassa , from brighton , on facebook that has been watched more than three million times , a young woman can be seen using a tube of pringles .   the video has already been watching more than 3.7 million times on facebook in just a day .   in the video the girl is seen using bottles or shot glasses to mirror kylie jenner 's often voluptuous looking pout .
claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends .   carroll high school senior claudetteia love will skip her senior prom after her monroe , louisiana , school 's principal told her that she would not be allowed to wear a tuxedo .   principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress-code related .
tim sherwood was sherwood 's first lieutenant at tottenham last season .   the aston villa manager said he will allow the treatment if he tries .   sherwood insists he will give pal chris ramsey the treatment .
paul o'grady 's show ` for the love of dogs ' is an absolute television favourite of pets .   almost two thirds of goldfish owners confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day .   the survey of 1,000 pet owners even found the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch four hours a week .
max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods .   the kitchen also features a moroccan style bathhouse with a sauna , steam shower and spa , an outdoor dining room with a bar and fire .   the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams .
experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com .   the researchers then divided users into those most likely to be banned .   trolls are more likely to use positive words than other users .
the actor was furious when the line of questioning got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron .   he had been on good form when interviewer krishnan guru-murthy began asking about his history of drug abuse and time in prison .   ` it 's all very diane sawyer in here ' : robert downey jr to explain a comment in a five interview .
the names of 9th battalion australians ' g. fitzhenry of paddington , sydney and alistair ross of lismore were found in naours , northern france and dated july 1916 .   more than a million men were killed or wounded .   experts say they found a sense of meaning in the conflict .
the sculpture , made out of bales of compressed grass , depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull .   bruce cook has been warned by police he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ` offensive ' hay bale structure out in front of his property .   mr cook has refused to do so and told the copper to p * ss off .
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships .   the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council .   eugene failed last november in its bid to host 2019 event .
peter moore received letter from hm revenue and customs last week .   the letter was addressed to the ` representative ' of peter william john moore .   he apologised for the family 's ` recent bereavement '   mr moore 's wife debbie said she was left ` gobsmacked ' until her husband .
length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show .   this was 14 per cent down on a decade when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week in the last three months of 2014 .   lord tony hall , bbc director general said the decline to the bbc trust .
change4life is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving .   its apricot bread pudding has more sugar than a bowl of frosties .   health spokesman andy burnham found advice ` disturbing ' and change4life .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan to the end of the season .   the 19-year-old loose forward has failed to break into the rhinos team so far this year .   minchella has been named in henderson 's 19-man squad for friday 's game with featherstone .
transgender teen chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male , was told to remove her makeup for a driver 's license photo last year .   after a legal battle , the policy has been changed and miss culpepper was allowed to wear makeup for her id .   she won her legal battle against the state dmv to appear in her license with make-up and jewelry .
surveillance cameras caught a thief taking $ 9,000 out of the account of kate sullivan at chase branches in commack and freeport on september 23 , 2014 .   state police say the female suspect then racked up $ 4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in sullivan 's name in new haven , connecticut .   sullivan died five days later .
jonas gutierrez will trigger contract extension at newcastle .   argentine has said he will never forgive newcastle for his illness .   gutierrez 's first start for magpies in 20 months .
ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his new york townhouse on friday night .   weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been reported .   ` he did n't deny doing what she said he did to her , ' source said .
a nine foot long bull shark was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida .   residents in bonita springs said sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago .   they say fishermen have been chumming the water .
nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton at bahrain grand prix .   hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race .   1982 world champion sebastian vettel wins pre-season testing .
three players diagnosed with mosquito-borne disease this week .   players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions .   brazilian football clubs have been put on alert after dengue fever outbreak .
andreas lubitz , 27 , crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps .   german prosecutors believe lubitz may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck .   lubitz used his computer to research whether the killer ` spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet .
jimmy anderson and sir ian botham win record 384th test wicket for england against the west indies on friday night .   the 32-year-old is a game in england test history .   it is the 32-year-old 's english test wicket-taking record .
a sudden infection landed madison hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom .   nurses and hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha .   nurses spent their day off hurd 's nails , makeup and hair and a cake .
the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .   maurice van ryn is now allowed to spend up to $ 500 a week on living expenses and $ 25,000 on legal bills .   van ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls , aged eight to 16 over the previous decade and is due to be sentenced at a later date .
jose mourinho accused chelsea of being purposefully defensive during goalless draw at emirates stadium on sunday .   chelsea manager jose mourinho has branded their 11-year wait for the title ` boring ' didier drogba posted on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , john terry and cesc fabregas .   mourinho has hit out at arsenal for his ` fantastic ' performance .
for the first time in its history cadbury 's is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different fillings .   the seven-row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of : dairy milk fruit & nut , dairy milk daim , and dairy milk turkish .   dairy milk caramel , dairy , milk whole nut , milk oreo , oreo , dairy and milk caramel are more likely to try new flavours .
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in british society '   his comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them .   the tory minister said it was ` misplaced sense ' of police and social workers from claims of abuse .   he added : ` if we are going on , we do n't protect them as commodities to be abused '
curt obront , the lawyer for miami consul general roxanne dube 's surviving son , has said his 17-year-old son , jean wabafiyebazu , was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana monday .   authorities say he would not be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in juvenile court on april 8 .   dube and her family , marc wabafiyebazu , called it a tragic case .
ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear .   the site ranked her number 11 on its list of outstanding women of 2015 .   now in her late 20s .
prime minister has requested first great western ` urgently review ' decision to almost double some fares on the route between london and cotswolds .   mr cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the next parliament .   labour also pledged to bring in a ` cap ' on price hikes .
matheryn naovaratpong is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved .   she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain .   doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january .   he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery .   a cause of death wo n't be released until monday at northwestern memorial hospital .
robyn exton has launched a dating app for lesbians in san francisco .   she admits : ' i want to raise a million dollars '   josh buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app minomonsters .   the 28-year-old has created a minomonsters two .
41 million tonnes of ` e-waste ' worth over # 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 .   thousands of broken televisions , computers , microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to african countries and dumped gigantic landfills like agbogbloshie in ghana because it costs less than recycling in their countries of origin .   united nations claim only 6 million tonnes was recycled properly .
burnell ` bernie ' mitchell changed his name to khalid rashad after converting to islam .   he has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after the death of abdul hadi arwani , a syrian national .   one man has been charged with his shooting while a woman , aged 53 , was arrested this in brent .
scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season .   the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side .   he has penned a two-year deal with alan solomons ' side .
the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning .   the average score is taken to be 100 , and a score below your intelligence is below average .   adam kirby became the youngest person ever to join mensa in june 2013 at the age of just two and a half .
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york .   the blog has attracted attention from the best in the business including tracy chou , a software engineer at pinterest .   the goal of the project is ` to celebrate ' living with female success .
june whitfield is set to make guest appearance next week as sister ruth .   her character will offer advice to jessie wallace 's character kat moon .   actress has also starred in hit terry and june .
moose toys , cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and custom staff lunch room .   moose toys employees joost poulus and kate zahra made gold crown and cape as well as free holiday .   general manager of products joost poulus said it is the google of australia .
kell brook will be defending his world welterweight title against gavin at london 's o2 arena on may 20 .   promoter eddie hearn says amir khan 's father shah is his son .   shah khan : ` kell could have had the ` fight ' if eddie hearn did n't .
boeing 's roomier ` space bins ' will be available on its 737 family of planes .   designed for future aircraft can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage .   737-900er or 737 max 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags in the cabin .
dr alex russell would have people come into the lab every day to smell and taste lots of wines .   set aside at least four hours .   as part of his research study .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer dozens of times in a frenzied attack at his home falkirk , stirlingshire last december .   the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked .   his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while his partner was on a night out .
the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days .   the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in sydney metro area .   rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to hit parts of new south wales as residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather .
neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday .   real madrid remain top of their euro league division .   luis enrique 's barcelona had won their el clasico to move four points clear at the top of la liga .
christian benteke scored hat-trick as aston villa beat queens park rangers on tuesday .   jermain defoe opened the scoring for sunderland with a superb strike .   seven points from seven games split on 29 points .
ronnie lungu has won a race discrimination case against wiltshire police .   it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after they did not promote him due to the colour of his skin .   it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity .
premier league stars steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter .   manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down .   british celebrities have been advised to include the word ` ad ' or ` spon ' to show .
the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service .   investigators believe the threats originate from other school children .   they say the girl is being kept home by her mother .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in alabama and his mom put his photo on facebook .   his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story .   doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down .   weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out in the opening day of the grand national meeting .   brendan rodgers ' side won the fa cup semi-final in liverpool .   borini 's wife erin o'neill said her ` hubby ' is looking dapper .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon .   but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 100m to go .   he beat him by a tenth of a second .
` some good ' has come out of the year-long search for missing malaysia airline plane .   search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year .   but his wife danica weeks is yet to tell her children why their father has n't come home .
american teri o'neil , 30 , recorded the video when she was six months pregnant with her son liam .   the 15-month-old girl arches her back while filming at her home .   her father also has pregnant walk in the background .
an ` obsessed ' woman detective used confidential police computer systems to spy on her firearms officer ex-lover and his new partner , a court was told .   the dc denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under computer misuse act 1990 .   she is accused of spying on her ex-partner pc stuart swarbrick 200 times over a year .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on july 18 .   promoter eddie hearn offered a cheque for # 1.5 m live on television on tuesday .   the manchester arena is up to frampton .
the heckler & koch g36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30c .   it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries .   the findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the german-made firearm .
michael conlan were in action for the italia thunder franchise in venezuela on saturday night .   barnes won his undefeated wsb record this season to book his place at the rio 2016 olympic games .   michael conlan and paddy barnes both won in the first round .
joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina who visited orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools so bad staff are forced to paint them to disguise the injuries .   in her suit , ms kuhl wants to have her $ 97 ticket to the park in less than one month .   this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in four years .
ceara lynch , from portland , oregon , says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online .   her first pair sold for $ 70 .   ceara says she got started in the industry by accident .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2-0 win at rayo vallecano on wednesday .   the 30-year-old has scored 161 of his goals in the santiago bernabeu .   ronaldo has scored 60 champions league goals this season .
gareth bale will be rested for la liga game to eibar , coach carlo ancelotti said on friday .   the welshman joins suspended midfielders toni kroos and james rodriguez .   ronaldo is the la liga 's top scorer this season with 37 goals .
the former british premier made an unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the government .   he met new mongolian prime minister but is being dragged into a row over plans for gold mining in a region where the elaborate ancient graves of attila the hun 's warrior ancestors are located .   the secrecy could encourage western investment to increase gold , copper and coal mining .
luis suarez sneaked into the nou camp with his wife sofia for a photograph .   the forward said he once sneaked his way into nou camp .   real madrid 's luis suarez is in barcelona folklore after # 75million move .
easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater sydney as councils and parks .   feral rabbits are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus .   it comes after over 30 bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in march .
kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in 2005 .   the married engineer suffered whiplash which developed into chronic pain syndrome and deep depression .   his lawyers claim that a car accident in 2005 has left him in too much pain to leave his home regularly .
peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning .   selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system , and the hormone thyroxine , needed to regulate metabolism .   two brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms .
rump , fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out .   one in four youngsters think pocket and y-bone are cuts of beef .   a fifth of 18-34-year-olds admitted they had never been shown how to cook a cut of beef .
floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy flash ' impersonation has been branded ` the biggest bout in boxing history ' on may 2 .   mayweather uses a -200 c kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training .   nichols mimics pacquiao 's visayan accent singing and claims his mother uses voodoo .
luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona this season .   brazilian ace neymar aims a knee at the groin area of south american striker luis suarez .   suarez admitted he was nervous at playing alongside neymar when he joined the club .
angelique kerber came from a set down to outmuscle caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on sunday and win the stuttgart grand prix for her second title of the season .   wozniacki beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in the first set .   dane wozniacki won the porsche grand prix .
danny lambo has bought his girlfriend a # 10,000 easter present .   he paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in natasha flynn , 29 .   the bespoke gift contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate .
bishop robert finn , 62 , offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some ` grave ' reason that makes them unfit for office .   but children 's rights advocates want pope francis to do more more to deal with clergy .   finn was sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges .
everton 's romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test .   steven davis suffered groin injury on international duty for northern ireland .   jay rodriguez could be back from long-term knee problem .
jonas gutierrez has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies ' last three games .   the newcastle midfielder is set to face sunderland in the fourth game since his return from testicular cancer .   gutierrez last played in the derby in april 2013 at st james ' park .
warwickshire batsman trott touched down in the west indies with england on thursday night .   the 33-year-old has worked extensively with dr peters during the last year .   dr steve peters claims he did n't want jonathan trott to rebuild his career .
youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics of her fitness-focused clips who accuse her of being everything from ` too fat ' to ` pudgy '   cassey 's youtube channel has two million subscribers .   cassey said she has felt bad about herself after reading nasty comments calling her ` fat ' online .   in her new video , cassey said negative comments on her videos are new .
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota .   he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade .   wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws .
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow .   mia farrow admitted that frank sinatra may be the father of her son instead of woody allen .   tina sinatra , 66 , ridiculed claims ronan farrow was her brother .
the premier league club are set to move into the london 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season .   it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law .   boris johnson and sir robin wales and david gold at the olympic stadium .
stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday .   a month before her planned april 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not have cold feet .   ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter .
tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause .   just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer .   this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether .
the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity .   sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .   the company will continue to enforce its current terms of service .
former great british bake off contestant , iain watters , is back to revive easter classic , the simnel cake .   he 's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare - a simnel cake .   he was the irishman with the ice cream was left out of the freezer .
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the general election .   experts said a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound by ten per cent .   all major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority .
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley when the royals beat huddersfield in the third round but footage of him backing arsenal .   85 % readers felt he should not lead steve clarke 's side in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal .   the young supporter had said he hoped arsenal beat reading .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears .   the boy 's father chris hill was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 .   she wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` crazy a ** woman needs to be beat to death in prison .
alanna and stephen goetzinger lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 .   the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby .   a coroner found that rana had died either ` during or shortly after birth ' from meconium aspiration , a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth .
the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a set designed by designer alice babidge .   design duo luke sales and anna plunkett 's trademark eccentricity created for the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week .   the australiana-themed romance was born presentation .
filip djuricic ruled out of saturday 's premier league clash with hull because of ankle injury .   steven davis could be back from long-term knee problem .   allan mcgregor is out of form for hull .
fikile mbalula said he met with the chairman of the ethics committee .   fifa said it had strong suspicions that some of the south african team 's warm-up games are under suspicion .   referees were suspected of working for raj perumal .
spartak fans barred from two away games after the club lost its appeal against sanctions for a racist banner .   spartak fans displayed ' a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol '   spartak was fined 200,000 rubles over the incident .   spartak are currently sixth in the russian premier league .
ambermarie irving-elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time .   the baby boy , malachi , was born in a los angeles courthouse on thursday morning as his mother , ambermarie irving-elkins , was there .   so he bent down to catch the boy as he slipped onto the floor .
with the average cost of # 25,000 , brides are on us and for decor .   femail costs a wedding venue on bar out of season .   money saving sites such as groupon on bar costs .
david beckham and his wife victoria are voted the most stylish brit of all time .   movie great audrey hepburn beat competition from members of the royal family .   victoria beckham , victoria beckham and victoria beckham also feature .
islamic extremists drove cars to mosque in remote village of kwajafa .   they told locals they were there to teach islam .   jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek .   while one man distracts a cashier at the window , another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine .   once the cord is attached , the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount .
luke stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family .   he is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in portugal .   his father michael stanwick said it was too early to know if luke 's injuries will leave him permanently disabled .
west ham finish first in the premier league rankings with 999 points .   sam allardyce wants his side to qualify for the europa league next season .   west ham sit third behind the republic of ireland and netherlands .
the supermodel follows a strict clean and lean diet .   the 27-year-old models her new collection for autograph at m&s .   rosie for autograph follows her super toned body in new imagery .
police and mps have accused alison saunders of ignoring the rights of victims .   mrs saunders said allegations should have been resolved in the ` full public glare of a courtroom '   decision not to charge lord janner last week despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims .   lord janner is the beneficiary of a wholesale cover-up .
raymond billam illegally pocketed # 15,000 of taxpayers ' money after he said he was unable to walk more than 20 metres , but was filmed running and jumping as he took to the pitch for his pub football team .   the grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .   but fraud investigators secretly filmed the midfielder .
charmain adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days .   mr adusah , 28 , flew back to london but later returned to ghana after his wife 's body was found .   mr adusah is being held on suspicion of murdering his pregnant british wife .
james milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season .   the manchester city midfielder has already outlined a move to anfield .   milner has made just 13 premier league starts from 31 games .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald will hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 .   gary said : ` he wants to come to the shows '   gary barlow has n't said he was over six months before he quit the band last september .   jason will be looking for his musical open on broadway .
lu xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day .   the security guard says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease .   he takes his mother with him to work on his back every day .
at least 15 fortune 500 companies worth north of a $ 1 billion , paid zero income taxes in 2014 .   cbs made $ 1.8 billion in u.s. profits last year and received a $ 235 million tax rebate .   if you owe uncle sam to a tax site .
singapore and asian schools math olympiad set to test top achievers .   maths question set for 14-year-olds has been shared thousands of times online .   katie and bernard were friends with cheryl .
researchers have found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins .   there are between 21,950 and 26,049 accepted species of orchid .   they converted lips into petals in two orchid species using gene silencing .
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in on sunday evening .   she managed to make it out of the water and call 911 .   on monday she asked friends on facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle .
fabian delph scored against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final .   sherwood could have gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury .   scott sinclair is ineligible to face his parent club .
residents from fairdale , 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could .   but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm thursday .   around a dozen people were injured .
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone and driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' from her apartment to midtown east .   so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app and says she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip .   uber billed her for $ 16,000 - with a $ 4,000 refund .
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences .   he 's been accused of repeatedly breaching his backside at a young boy , being drunk in public during schoolies ' week on the gold coast .   russell-boumzar was jailed in january after the skate park incident but will now walk free after 69 days behind bars .
shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr .   dunn , who was high on class a mephedrone , left mr garrod in fear of his life , before fleeing from the property with his victim 's wallet , iphone , ipad and jewellery .   dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent .
aaron hernandez 's defense team presented their entire case in just one day .   prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse odin lloyd , who was shot six times in the chest and back on june 17 , 2013 .   both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later .   hernandez 's two co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , were seen smoking pcp a few days before the crime .
discount supermarket aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would .   the australian securities and investments commission -lrb- asic -rrb- took action against aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 % surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores .   aldi has not consistently disclosed the surcharge to customers .
militants fighting for boko haram in west africa released first images of their terror activities .   release came as nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes allegiance to isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi .   images show the middle east-based militants have taken full control of boko haram .
thomsen 's prediction was made as the greek government refused threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds .   the fund 's europe chief said he could not see a successful conclusion to the country 's current bail out .   greece this week would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone .
jamie silvonek , from el paso , texas , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial .   defense attorney john waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year-old cheryl silvonek was discovered last month .   jamie silvonek is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy .
john shipton 's home was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-march .   the place julian assange 's father has long called home sold for $ 1.42 million on wednesday .   the two-bedroom property was last purchased by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 .
eden hazard was filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine .   the 24-year-old will be at london 's grosvenor house hotel to beat harry kane and david de gea to players ' player of the year crown .   the 24-year-old man has 19 goals in the premier league this season .
england face new zealand and australia in the world cup third round .   steven finn believes it is ` baffling ' he faces criticism for not his bowling .   the 26-year-old was one of the injured world cup run .
vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home last monday .   he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop .   but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably .
lunch range of # 220 -lrb- $ 125 -rrb- -lrb- # 109 -rrb- -rrb- .   the # 220 of $ 145 -lrb- fennwrightmanson.com -rrb- is more than # 195 .   more than 100 per cent of pounds are available .
wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service .   cats will not catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning .   goat grazer beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim .
manchester city captain vincent kompany could be out of a job in the summer .   manuel pellegrini 's side were fifth defeat in seven matches at the etihad .   manuel pellegrini has been linked with a move to manchester city .
chelsea will announce the # 4.5 million signing of nathan on wednesday .   jose mourinho has been in london for talks with the blues this week .   nathan will join brazilians willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .   city 's 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night now trail louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's derby at old trafford .   wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as united beat aston villa 3-1 on saturday .
atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition .   cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema likely to play .   chelsea and arsenal have met twice , as have barcelona and espanyol .
phillip and gaby used all their savings to buy the property five years before for # 325,000 .   instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two children in an unsafe building with no roof .   the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they could n't afford .
sir david nicholson is latest expert to warn ed miliband 's plans will not provide enough cash to keep service going .   branded ` man with no shame ' after refusing to resign over mid staffs scandal .   labour appointed him to run nhs in 2006 .
femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version .   sugar-free anzac biscuits by sarah wilson , i quit sugar .   the recipe uses rice malt syrup .
joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs .   root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days . cook was 401 days quicker .   thursday 's play finished with marlon samuels ' comedy salute to england 's ben stokes after the batsman was dismissed .
nsw health says a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner .   the 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , on friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips .   the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott 's family .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters attacking the victims just seconds before .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   other parts of the brawl are hidden in the subway station .
rory mcilroy is the sixth man in history to claim career grand slam .   bubba watson is the defending champion in a field .   young american stars jordan spieth and rickie fowler also feature .
once drones are spotted , it can shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser .   the gbad system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles .   the system will be able to spot and track drones on the ground .
an archive of images showing the evolution of the easter egg over 40 years has been released in time for this year 's celebrations .   chewy sweets , tooty frooties , used to release easter eggs .   the new egg-shaped treats soared in popularity and production stopped in the 1940s due to world war two rationing .
ben affleck posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history .   the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his ancestry .   his mother , chris anne , had featured in the show .
kristopher hicks was on his way home from a taxi driven by michael young , 56 , five years ago .   he mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ` do a runner ' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson .   mr hicks suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother .
manuel delisle allegedly threatened a mother , her husband , and their two children with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage .   after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .   delisle was arrested on monday and pleaded not guilty to armed assault .
steven thompson has apologised to john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole .   scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season .   st mirren 's steven thompson acidentally speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training last week .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the struggle .   wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken .
prime minister insists he has been an aston villa fan ` all his life '   he was giving a campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants .   mr cameron said he had been ` overcome by something ' after watching the team beat bayern munich in the european cup final as a child .   the prime minister said he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner of west
the video has been reposted on jiangsu satellite tv station in china this week .   the toddler , from china and female , has three small bowls on her head .   the video of her dancing went viral on the music .
ed miliband will allow scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the uk if prime minister .   he will hand scottish mps set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments .   move will lead to fears it could again put future of union at risk by scotland apart from rest of uk .
the man , from palm beach in brisbane 's south , set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in anzac square on friday afternoon .   he was taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance .   the man will face brisbane magistrate 's court on saturday 's 100th anzac day commemoration service .
more than 200 girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since .   michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in hope the children could be saved .   a year later she and her daughter rose when boko haram attacked their village and killed her husband .
rosdeep adekoya beat her son to death before stuffing his body in woods .   his mother rosdeep adekoya could ` not have been predicted ' by social and health service workers who visited his family in the months of his death .   adekoya , then 34 , beat mikaeel for being sick and left him to die in agony over three days .
the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade .   the company has now responded with its own video .   it also tested the htc one m9 both deformed and broke .
the 47-year-old was invited to join other celebrity guests in the fleet for the start of the sixth leg , from itajaí to newport .   as the fleet all jumped off the vessels , joly said he was more ` tourist abroad ' than diving expert .   the volvo ocean race started last october from alicante , spain and is in its sixth leg .
priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas .   the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding '   the winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .   elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows .
samir nasri went out with girlfriend anara atanes on tuesday night .   manuel pellegrini 's side are nine points behind chelsea and nasri .   the 22-year-old was on manchester united 's books in 2012 .
accident left three victims hospitalised with minor injuries , while 20 students were left homeless and one of sheffield 's main arterial roads was closed for a day .   students and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats into the basement below and a workman was buried after a digger struck .   most of the students who lived in the south yorkshire city were out at the time and missed the accident .
don 's owner tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls .   the tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road .   traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups due to a dog taking control of tractor .
model credited with being the world 's first ever hatchback was unveiled in april 1965 .   car shape originally designed to help farmers transport their sheep to market now .   it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city .
siem de jong , a # 6million summer signing from ajax , has made just three senior appearances for the club .   de jong could even make the 18 for sunday 's premier league matches against tottenham at st james ' park .   the holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the under-21s on wednesday .
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 .   torres has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog .   siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and said it should be taken down .
a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   swimming pools , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden for the first time .   the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies .
the flub by a graphics person was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online .   today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world .   michaels , a native of toronto , made the cut for the second time since 2008 .
wellington silva signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for a fee of # 3.5 million but has not been able to play for the club without a work permit .   wellington silva has been awarded spanish nationality to make his arsenal bow .   wellington can now freely play for any team in the european union .
benik afobe has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves .   the molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at wigan on saturday .   the striker aims to become the country 's top scorer .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines .   at normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard marilyn monroe 's image .   asapscience highlighted the process behind the trick .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have been found on social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty .   they are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person .   discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .
wigan had james mcclean sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time .   the latics will have to face brentford next weekend without star man james mcclean .   the latics have to hope rotherham fail against reading on tuesday and leeds united next weekend .
crime gangs from eastern europe operating here with ` impunity ' due to eu free movement rules .   the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages .   in some cases , ` customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant .
kenton lee , from idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small .   the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand .   pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position .
the toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button .   the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them .   idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us .
benedict cumberbatch was challenged to a table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai .   cumberbatch is a celebrity in china as the sherlock tv series and his skit .   deng still won the match .
celtic manager ronny deila says scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches .   deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland .   celtic face inverness in scottish cup final on friday night .
action in cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world .   miniature space videos are filmed in bijou area .   cooking show has miniature versions of classic foods .
gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 , follows a strict new testament creed and has come under scrutiny in recent weeks .   miracle escaped gloriavale with her family around six years ago .   she told australia that sex outside of marriage and with underage children was ` absolutely frowned upon ' and ` dealt with very severely in the community '   several ex-members have come forward .
filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another .   artistic cup is a head and a torso on the outside cup with a mohawk , short hair with a beard .   a third cup has been influenced by japanese comics .
stuart mccall warned about taking over at ibrox by walter smith but insists he has made the right decision .   former light blues midfielder was warned not to take the risk in the end .   mccall says he is the ` greatest manager ' he ever worked for .
a sorority housekeeper at the university of southern california was left screaming with joy after her ` girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the new car .   fannie randle was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape .   miss jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may .
devendra ramdin will play against england in the second test .   west indies captain denesh bishoo will play on tuesday .   west indies cricketer devendra bishoo will be in grenada .
west ham have beaten last year 's premier league by two points .   sam allardyce believes west ham are ` exceedingly disappointing '   west ham boss david sullivan not to judge his side on 2015 's results .   allardyce has enner valencia available for west ham .
a kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on brighton 's dendy street beach in melbourne is a record amount for the bathing boxes in brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 .   the winning bidder paid a record price for a bathing box and $ 150,000 over the original asking price .   the building is now expected to be turned into a three-bedroom , four-storey house .
mario balotelli shared on social media to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night .   brendan rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about balotelli .   balotelli has no future at anfield .
leaflet told stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in them .   residents in stratford-upon-avon district named as among best recyclers in england .   council was in top ten councils for recycling and composting for second year running .
liverpool 's paddy power offers outrage with ` joke ' about african-american police beatings .   paddy power said : ` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male '   last week white south carolina police officer michael slager charged with murder of walter scott , a black man .   pistorius was last year jailed for five years for killing girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
harry kane scored his 30th goal in all competitions for tottenham this season .   the pfa player is nominated for the pfa young player of the year award .   kane scored 20 premier league goals against manchester united .
detective sergeant stephen phillips , 46 , and michael stokes , 34 are all facing charges of ` theft by a serving police officer '   cardiff crown court heard that the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force 's professional standards department to return to cardiff to stand trial on june 15 .   stephen phillips and christopher evans are accused of stealing notes worth # 30,000 from the home of a suspected criminal .   three police officers have been
four european giants just three games are crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6 .   real madrid and juventus play on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four .   lionel messi , luis enrique and luis suarez are a key at the champions league .
nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of iraq war in 2003 .   david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 .   nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years .
dominic solanke scored late on to give chelsea 3-1 lead back to west london .   tammy abraham double scored in manchester city 's first half lead .   norwegian international has been on the bench for chelsea .
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma , as she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the park close to her windsor castle home on monday .   on thursday the monarch was seen trotting through the park again with pendry as the sunshine lit up her blooming .   the multi-millionaire is one of britain 's richest men .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 in the premier league on saturday .   arsene wenger 's side have now won seven on the slaughter .   alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game this season .
alvaro morata is happy at juventus and has no interest in joining real madrid .   the 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 serie a games for real last season .   morata signed a five-year deal at the juventus stadium .
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit , the conservation fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast .   the tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions .   as part of the deal , apple says it is spending $ 850 million for rights .
gerard t. ` the frenchman ' ouimette has died in a federal prison in north carolina .   ouimette was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling , loansharking , extortion and murder .   ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career .
the model and host drew carey removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show .   she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and ` wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear '   model manuela arbelaez has said it was the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history '   she admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain .   a contestant on the price has walked away with a $ 21,960 car .
doug hughes was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol to protest campaign finance laws .   hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft , hughes ' wife alena says she is proud of her husband .   hughes has been released on facebook and twitter for stunt .
the first ever drawing of the beatles ' famous yellow submarine is set to fetch more than # 10,000 at auction .   the rare celluloid painting was used as a master version from artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel .   it features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use .
pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3 million social tenants .   one board member jane ashcroft bought for # 750,000 in 2005 .   but bosses of housing chiefs are not for profit .
benik afobe scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons in january for # 2million .   ipswich boss mick mccarthy has been sacked by wolves in 2012 .   wolves are currently in the championship play-off race .
saracens director of rugby mark mccall described burger as ` unique among rugby players '   jacques burger take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final .   burger of saracens ace jacques burger will get to grips with harlequins marland yarde .   click here for more saracens news .
lydia ko tied annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par , shooting a 1-under 71 on thursday .   the 17-year-old equalled former world no 1 sorenstam 's record of 29 under par rounds in a row .   sorenstam set the lpga tour mark in 2004 .
large amounts of ice were not at the martian poles but likely towards the equator .   if all ice were to be spread across the surface of mars , the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3 ft -lrb- one metre -rrb- .   mars is currently in the middle of an ice age so liquid water can not exist on its surface .
historians and scientists believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them .   the fortress is located about 3,800 km from moscow near the mongolian border .   experts say the island was built during the period of the uighur khaganate .
a 27-year-old man , believed to be her boyfriend , has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car .   ms d'addario , a former teacher at canberra high school , had been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' with josaia ` joey ' vosikata .   ms d'addario and mr vosikata were reported missing by her concerned family members in the act on monday .
roberto carlos claims he finds coaching ` very easy ' as a player .   the 42-year-old , a world cup winner in 2002 , has worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor .   he won the 2002 world cup held in japan and south korea .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on earth .   he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs -lrb- 300kg -rrb- - the median weight of a polar bear .   this means that larger animals need more resources to survive , but do n't factor in an alien planet 's gravity .
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .   luis suarez 's move to barcelona will be the world 's richest clubs .   gareth bale has been lionel messi or cristiano ronaldo .
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the europa league quarter-final tie against zenit st petersburg 2-1 .   winger aleksandr ryazantsev scored off his own goal on 87 minutes .   fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev on thursday .
alastair cook 's innings from alastair cook was out in grenada .   the england captain has hit 25 test so he can not play shannon gabriel .   cook has now been out of his innings in grenada .
national grid is building a training line of the less obtrusive t-pylons at their eakring training academy in nottinghamshire .   it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .   britain 's first pylon in july 1928 was designed by sir reginald blomfield .
peter stringfellow was born when he was 73 and his daughter poppy was 73 .   she had his son ben and peter , now four , in majorca .   poppy 's cot is ten months old and is a sibling for their daughter .
bruce davis ' record shows there is ` some evidence ' he is dangerous and should n't be freed .   davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in 1972 .   he also married a woman he met through the prison ministry .
played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be back in the new york in the late 19th century .   downton creator julian fellowes made by the us network nbc .   violet will be set for downton abbey this year .
morgan schneiderlin and yannick bolasie wanted men as champions league stars like arsenal and manchester united .   danny ings is out of contract in the summer .   jose mourinho is keen to sign morgan schneiderlin at st mary 's .
west indies bowler jason holder used to be a barbados team-mate with chris jordan .   shiv chanderpaul 's test career for the west indies is over 21 years and 28 days .   england 's ninth man in chris jordan is with former barbados team-mate justin holder .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630 th race at sandown park .   mccoy , 40 , has been champion jockey in britain and ireland since 1996 .   mccoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races .
officers in paramus , new jersey , responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community .   a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock , and it was handed over to animal control .   police are still working to find the owner of the goat .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists .   the # 1.49 -lrb- $ 1.99 -rrb- app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights .   ptb has studied the cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels .
rory mcilroy and phil mickelson go out in the penultimate group with phil mickelson and ryan moore on friday .   the world no 1 finished seven shots behind first-round leader jordan spieth .   mcilroy will go out at 6.48 pm -lrb- bst .
u.s. district judge lance africk set a trial date for june 22 . durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center .   he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction .   durst was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the shell houston open .   the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground .   three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the cadillac championship in four pga tour .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago .   much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way .   one linguist argues that human language likely developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
the teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment at hounsdown school .   she unwittingly downed the liquid at the specialist science college in southampton .   the girl avoided serious injury from the quick thinking actions of staff .
facinet keita fled the olympic village in summer 2012 .   his wife who was left to look after the couple 's two children has now split from him because she ` could n't wait for him '   mr keita handed himself in to authorities and was locked up in an immigration detention centre .   mr keita now plans to make a third application for asylum .
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road .   one of the back doors is left open and the van is seen travelling at speed .   video shows men riding on top of van veering across two lanes .
orlando city hit the gym in orlando 's 1-0 home defeat last friday .   luis silva scored the only goal of the game at the orlando citrus bowl .   luis silva wo n't be sixth in the table after five games .
winchester council in hampshire said it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter .   hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   sir andrew motion now president of campaign to protect rural england .
a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work over the same period .   there are 1.02 million men in uk who have opted to work reduced hours .   men now make up one in 10 parents who care for children or family .
ruben loftus-cheek is set to get his chance next season .   jose mourinho has been part of chelsea 's fourth fa youth cup final .   the under 18s won the uefa youth league last week .   mourinho says he can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids .
robert de niro , 71 , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises '   the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues .   de niro joined clinton last december was they were honored at the robert f. kennedy center for justice & human rights annual gala .   cliton has also become a donor for the democratic party .
jessica kensky and patrick downes lost limbs in 2013 marathon blast .   family of eight-year-old boy martin richard killed in blast .   jury will decide whether to death or life in prison without parole .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for the rams .   tim sherwood now in charge at villa park .   bent could still return to aston villa in the summer .
barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 .   luis suarez against psg took barcelona past 400 champions league goals .   real madrid have scored 17 goals against ac milan , arsenal and bayer leverkusen .
kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the secret group the illuminati , in an essay that he penned for paper magazine 's american dream issue .   his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine , the 37-year-old rapper stars on paper 's latest cover .   kanye said if there was an actual illuminati , it would be more like the energy companies - not hollywood stars .
former missouri auditor tom schweich shot himself in the head at his home in st louis on february 26 .   police in the st. louis have found nothing to suggest the death of schweich , who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 , was anything other than a suicide .   schweich felt so abandoned by gop supporters that he told an aide he would have to run as an independent or he needed to kill himself .
chris roberts , who works for security intelligence company one world labs , was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday night by two fbi agents and two uniformed officers .   the fbi agents took electronic devices and computer files from roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives .   the incident occurred only a few hours after a report about roberts ' research was released by fox .
nick clegg told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school .   he will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy '   lib dem leader has pledged to balance the nation 's books ` fairly '   the lib dems will promise to ` balance the burden ' of deficit reduction .   lib dem ed has vowed to cut thatcher 's lewes seat .
natasha hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in 2013 and lost a part of her leg below the knee .   she has a handicap permit on her car .   hope-simpson is an artist and helped to create the design on her prosthetic leg .
the queen will visit in june to celebrate document 's 800th anniversary .   squatting on the private land , the group , linked to occupy london movement .   squatters set up camp outside st paul 's cathedral in 2011 .
the robot took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california .   jj abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .   the robot will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network .
created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds , the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power .   the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver , and the bullets it fires .   each gram of the tiny gun will cost aspiring owner # 230 .
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens .   almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it .   one in ten households has a hot tub in the garden - the british and irish spa and hot tub association has said sales increase in years of cold weather .
liberal democrats have seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power .   ed miliband 's party has mps in housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england 's top four divisions .   david cameron 's tories have 29 , 18 of the 20 premier league grounds are in constituencies held by labour .
sergio aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers .   the argentine forward has scored six goals in derby meetings with united .   aguero believes united striker radamel falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football .
the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys wore a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight .   the outfit was accompanied by a # 560 pair of gianvito rossi perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps on her feet and a matching thin belt her waist .   she also said : ` i am going to be a wie of the fashion show , award gala and wie '   she said she would have to be one of the fake flowers .
contest saw labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon and ukip .   nicola sturgeon , ukip 's sturgeon , green was 66 miles from home .   five opposition party leaders wanted to know why david cameron was not .
england goalkeeper jack butland voted for harry kane to win pfa player of the year .   butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george 's park on thursday .   fa chief greg dyke has said kane wanted to be part of the three lions team in june .
jeff dubois of kiro struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 .   cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times .   the truck had just merged onto interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side , dumping its load of 448 hives .
justice diana bryant told a room full of journalists that surrogacy laws currently in place need a major overhaul to prevent cases of abandonment .   she said because commercial surrogacy is banned in australia , hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas .   her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance .   in a written verdict , a lisbon court agreed that amaral should pay mr and mrs mccann each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie .   madeleine was three when she went missing from her family 's holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal .
new york teacher sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , was discovered on the f train in new york city .   another model asked whether he could send mr. pearce 's picture to his own modeling agency in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders .   pearce says he does n't let his job posing for diesel black gold and dkny interfere with his responsibility .
alexis sanchez opened the scoring for arsenal against arsenal in the fa cup semi-final .   adam federici scored in the second half of the game .   reading goalkeeper alexis sanchez pulled off on the scoresheet .
pastor aracely meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ` demon ' inside of him , and that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day .   in the video , the boy is identified by a witness as benjamin .   police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but his parents took his body to their native mexico for burial .
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 .   salford are without rangi chase , weller hauraki , cory paterson and darrell griffin through suspension .   salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more in saturday 's challenge cup fifth-round defeat at leigh .
alan pardew insists manchester city can come from behind again to snatch the premier league title from chelsea .   chelsea are six points clear at the top of the table with a game .   pardew has refused to rule manchester city out of the title race .
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs .   newborn harley from morecambe already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .   doctors found she had a blood clot on her brain just one month before .
briony ingerson posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up .   she used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted in black .   fox sports australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on april 11 .
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa .   but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass .   he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox .   ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos , letters and mementos .   only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online .
man found on streets of gniezno in western poland in february .   told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from .   police have released pictures and information to identify where his accent is from .
steel structures for the new part of the main stand at anfield are taller than the existing structure .   the new main stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators and will be open in time for the 2016-17 season .   the club 's stadium redevelopment is now well under way .
captured in fort pierce , florida , footage shows light general aviation aircraft .   landing gear has not been deployed and scratches along the tarmac .   plane 's propellers have been damaged in the collision with the runway .
akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday at mercedes-benz fashion week australia .   on wednesday 's akira models wear pink and models at the akira show .   models at bondi fashion show models ' make-up artists and make-up artists .
bob harding , of oklahoma , began exchanging emails with carter and jack hanson of raleigh , north carolina .   it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email .   they recently had the chance to meet each other on board the yorktown aircraft carrier where he once served .
fanuc 's robot uses integrated vision technology called irvision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator .   the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs -lrb- 35kg -rrb- and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines .   this removes the need for safety fences - the first ` heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without safety fences .
john carver has claimed his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five .   the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats should they be beaten at home by swansea .   newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone .
a male teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago .   some students were so distressed they heard .   the teacher has worked in the school district since august last year .
edward snowden sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday .   artists spent six months and $ 30,000 working on life-like effigy of whistle-blower .   snowden 's bust was being held at brooklyn 's 88th precinct .
niki lauda 's first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix in shanghai .   rosberg is now chairman of mercedes f1 in shanghai .   the three-time world champion will play for friday 's second practice session .
christian longo believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes .   the father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family , stuffing them in suitcases and dumping their bodies in coastal bays in oregon in december 2001 to ` escape the shackles of domestic life '   he then went on a holiday to the resort of cancun , mexico , before he was captured by the fbi , arrested and charged .   now a film about his life has been released .
major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said one person was found dead on saturday and a second was found in alabama waters .   crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday .   the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .
diego maradona was sent home from the 1994 world cup in 2012 .   maradona has not played the world cup with england in the 1986 world cup .   maradona says maradona put his hand of god to his fitness .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes .   footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard .   the pup has been watched more than 12,000 times .
cave photographer john spies , 59 , captured underground wonderland .   tham khoun khoun ex caves are known as xe bang fai river caves .   it is one of laos ' hidden at the upstream .
robin van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against manchester city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out .   louis van gaal said van persie is not yet fit enough to play .   united boss van persie will not return to manchester united on sunday .
sian harkin , 54 , abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling # 30,000 to her builder .   merthyr tydfil crown court heard that not only did she use the chequebook of llwyncelyn primary when she was headteacher there .   harkin claimed the money was to be used to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at llwyncelyn .
lady gaga and lourdes leon have been wearing the body jewellery .   in nepal tribes , it was used in an war paint to paint their nose .   the septum ring is also used as a nose stud .
boris johnson set out his vision of ` moral purpose ' in business and politics .   he said more jobs were ` one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of government .   labour 's stephen pound accused london mayor of ` breath-taking cheek ' last night .
study conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana .   they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes .   bird strikes have resulted in 200 worldwide deaths since 1988 .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   in 2013 , it did n't make the top 1,000 .   gary lineker was jailed for 16 years for sex attacks on girls .
patrons at a bar opening inside the resorts world casino , next to jfk airport , reportedly turned on one another around 10pm .   video of the fight sees a crowd of people erupting from a bar area , punching , kicking , shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons .   four hundred people were arrested and will be charged .
lib dem leader nick clegg said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work '   mr clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a ` messy ' way to run the country .   sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in last five weeks .   he said the conservatives would end up on 297 seats .
hull fc beat widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june .   tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick .   lineham scored a treble in the hat-trick at castleford last month .
johnny russell and eric steele jigged over to travelling derby supporters .   derby manager chris martin and darren bent in the second half .   martin 's goal was a ` long shot ' in the tree back on february 24 .
scar booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can ` prank ' friends and family .   bulliesout charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality .   bulliesout , a cardiff-based anti-bullying charity , hit out at scar booth .
students at kirkwood community college 's regional center in jones county will hold her first campaign event .   hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign on sunday and hit the road in a van .   jones said he plans to ask hillary about illegal immigration .
new theory follows analysis of skeletons of tarbosaurus tarbosaurus bataar from 90 sites in gobi desert .   tarbosaurus , a cousin of t-rex that lived around 70 million years ago , was a predator up to 12 metres long .   some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs .
as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war '   severe injuries are rare in vrontados .   vrontados is in a league of its own when the custom dates back to the 19th century .   easter in the uk is seen with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb .
cesar azpilicueta 's chelsea sit top of the table at stamford bridge on saturday .   jose mourinho 's men have won seven of their first eight games against stoke city .   the spanish defender is hoping to win the premier league title .
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen , mexico .   friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about # 70 .   the beach , located in tourist-friendly quintana roo , is most popular from europe and the us .
the prevention of terrorism act enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial .   the bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia .   human rights watch said it is a giant step backwards for human rights .
world no 1 williams beat sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday .   the us were beaten 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta .   serena williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open .
the reality star said it was ` very disappointing ' he stopped short of using the word .   he wrote in an op-ed in time magazine : ' i would like president obama to use the word `` genocide ''   president obama sent an administration official to armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by ottoman turks .   but he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a ` genocide ' for fear .
sam schmidt drove a sports car on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down .   his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive on the indianapolis motor speedway .   schmidt said it was an ` unbelievable '   the modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray .
manny pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2 .   the pacman 's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- .   mayweather 's cut is to be in # 80m before the fight are split by mayweather promotions .
families on the high green estate in sheffield say they are being ` held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons .   cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate .   residents even claim one woman who confronted the youths was fired at by the gang .
the surrender of confederate gen. robert e. lee to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant 150 years ago was a milestone event in the end of the civil war .   thursday 's commemoration in appomattox , virginia , included a reenactment of lee 's last clash with grant 's troops and of the confederate surrender in a virginia farmhouse on april 9 , 1865 .   today is the 150th anniversary of confederate general robert lee 's surrender of the army of northern virginia to union forces .
ukip insist st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer .   but ukip has said it would make it a bank holiday in england .   but at the policy launch the party said it has a five year moratorium on migrants .
kate battersby to try six looks to see work .   gina bacconi , # 270 , biondacastana.com .   lace of orangey-red is a colour of the underslip .
terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him .   the 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .   he suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident .
sportsmail understands law 's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs .   brighton , birmingham and reading are target of january interest from bolton boss neil lennon and huddersfield town .   mccall has been in charge for seven games and winning four .
parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother .   the mothers have to survive a sleep thief with gifts for the baby on duty 24/7 .   the baby is one of the most common life in a woman 's life .
photographer patrick semansky captured the moment one officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on .   fifteen police officers were injured monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of freddie gray .   gray died on april 19 from spinal trauma , a week after he was arrested .
chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms .   most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films interstellar and a most violent year .   the space is located in new york city 's midtown neighborhood and is close to carnegie hall .
svetlana lokhova , 33 , was a ` resilient person ' driven to a mental breakdown by work colleagues at the bank .   she won her legal claim she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her # 750,000-a-year role .   miss lokhova said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old from los angeles , came under fire just four days after giving birth to her son .   but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday .   sarah donned black bikini briefs and a bra for her latest snaphsot .
paramedics found kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle .   ambulance crew collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property .   teenager then punched mr newman three times as the patient was jailed .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto .   the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .   at one point nikki 's father has been watched more than 900,000 times .
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of oil reserves in the weald basin , near gatwick airport .   this could reduce reliance on oil from the middle east and russia and could be a major boost for british industry .   experts believe fracking could be worth # 3.7 trillion .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time .   the fifth in a series of 12 fights is a year .   muhammad ali v pacquiao v pacquiao is also in attendance .
chelsea could move for atletico madrid miranda in the summer .   the 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and atletico are keen to cash in this summer .   miranda has also been offered to manchester united and manchester city .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends .   in december 2013 mr forrest was worried he would look like a ` beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday .   the rugby prop has lost nearly half his body weight .
rahul kumar , 17 , climbed over the enclosure fence at a zoo in ahmedabad .   he began running towards the animals shouting ` today i kill a lion '   mr kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he made a dash for the lions .   he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff .
tony pulis said west brom has ` gone off the rails ' in recent seasons .   the baggies finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke .   pulis wants to bring on board during the summer .
architect and photographer yener torun has lived in istanbul for 14 years .   the photographer aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city .   yener spends his time wandering around the city with geometric buildings .
millions of users took to ryves 's thread on the day of the bombings .   their claims - even led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber .   the moderator of the subreddit , chris ryves , has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became ` its own beast ' in the wake of the april 15 bombings .
rita ora , 24 , models adidas range for new adidas range .   collection is inspired by asian culture .   rita has already made brand 's classics .
louis van gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at carrington training ground .   the manchester united boss ordered a raft of improvements .   van gaal is keen to replicate match conditions during sessions .
the omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach , at the tip of the state 's north west cape , after tropical cyclone olwyn tore through the area last month .   it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia .   identifying the 5.68 m juvenile female was at first difficult for department of parks and wildlife staff .
google has unveiled a u.s. wireless service that switches between wi-fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low .   google is selling the basic phone service for $ 20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month .   each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month .
t-shirts joking about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a charity which aims to ` make society a safer place '   the t-shirts mock a serious issue which feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ` some people call it love ! '   t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human and north shore shirts .   ` are you stalking me and i go for stalking is one in six women , and play into people 's fear
filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity as it bursts with energy .   taken over five years , the footage includes plasma raining down on the sun , an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun 's atmosphere .   it uses footage recorded by nasa 's solar dynamics observatory between 2011 and 2015 .
the 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from los angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy .   james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week .   the 30-year-old gave birth james the next day .
the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 .   they believe the camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege .   the camel was male and most likely castrated .
tracy stratton said her daughter suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in south east london .   she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .   ms stratton is now claiming damages from the royal borough of greenwich council .
one children 's clothing company has released a new range in time for the second royal baby 's arrival .   prince george wore a bodysuit from trotters at a plunket play group event at government house in wellington in 2014 .   london-based trotters has unveiled the ` new born baby collection ' fit for a prince .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 , 2014 .   investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock .   police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman .
levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday .   the donation is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial .   this is the second year for the tax day baby celebration .
alistair brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to world triathlon series action .   the 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury .   brownlee dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with gomez .
leeds united are the subject of a takeover bid from red bull .   massimo cellino said red bull has no plans to take over red bull .   cellino was disqualified from running the club in december after an italian court found him guilty of tax evasion .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful photography recording and two computer crimes .   more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on boykin 's phone and computer , and he broke into her home five times .   at the time of his arrest last year , boykin was sentenced to six months prison .
single mother of two bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth .   daughters kim and sue have mother 's party lifestyle .   she says she is ` stinking ' and wants to make up .
ac milan allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain in universal cup .   milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue ' and ` hopes reports are n't ' or that it was a sporadic incident .   kevin prince boateng racially abused during a friendly in 2013 .
a ` pacemaker ' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull .   experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall .   it is hoped the same will apply to humans .
randomly selected parents with children looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york .   children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them were distracted by texting or talking on the phone a common cause .   researchers observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide .
reading beat bradford fa cup replay in the last round on monday .   steve clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve so the fa cup can be preserved .   reading defender alex pearce insists players are waiting until after the match on saturday .
boko haram 's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would , if confirmed , constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity , u.n. high commissioner for human rights said .   boko haram fighters have been murdering dozens of young women and girls they had taken as ` wives ' and using children as ` expendable cannon fodder '   zeid told a special session of the u.n. human rights council in geneva .   hundreds of women and children had been seized from nigerian primary schools by boko haram militants to be
former royal chef darren mcgrady said children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food .   william and harry were apparently fed up with the diet of traditional english food so wanted a change .   mr mcgrady said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away '   he said he was ` more scared of the nanny than i was of william ' so wanted her .
the schwabs live east of dallas served as important social centers in rural areas of the state .   kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants .   about 400 such halls still stand .
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season .   diego costa scored in the eagles ' 3-1 win against burnley on monday .   jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear with eight matches on sunday .
the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope .   more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine 's hill nature reserve in dorset yesterday .   thousands of animals are feared to have been wiped out by the blaze .
paranormal investigator jayne harris , based in shrewsbury , shropshire , said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of peggy , who she believed to be possessed with an evil spirit .   some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment on abuse '   one woman suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16 .   video footage of a creepy doll has been
gary warren will miss the scottish cup final with his second yellow card .   inverness defender picked up second booking of the competition in scottish cup semi-final .   central defender also missed last year 's league cup final .
authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday .   al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia .   al-cambodi is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state .
judy murray , 55 , has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the first .   tennis coach also said she would be a ` very active granny '   mrs murray also has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis .   her son and his bride wed at dunblane cathedral .
the korean demilitarized zone was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south .   surfer shannon aston , from new zealand , said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher .   the dmz is next to a surf spot for south korean hipsters , gangsters and its adventure class .
lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira .   her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake .   mcelroy , who teaches legal writing , got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level .
aston villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch .   both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge .   villa beat bradford 3-0 in the fa cup quarter-final at villa park .
meet bud dodson , 57 , has turned his $ 200 vehicle into his home after his apartment burned down years ago .   there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of the city in washington state .   john warden , 52 , has been living in his vehicle for years since he was burned down .
a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand title as well .   foxtel 's priority distribution is the traditional one episode at a time airing method .   foxtel will also begin showing the entire season in one continuous marathon .
rob green scored a hat-trick in qpr 's 3-3 away draw with aston villa .   the former england no 1 has scored seven goals in the 2010 world cup .   rangers host premier league leaders chelsea at loftus park on sunday .
josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit .   josh darnbrough awoke after a party to find that his friend had tattooed his back .   josh , from mossley , near ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan .   a 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as l.t. , admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head .   lee was pronounced dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing in canada , while in the care of his foster mother .
the small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old , and did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade for three years .   me-bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a 62 mile trek in the hot sun .   it is thought females tend to stick together in herds until they die .
joe root and ian bell put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in antigua .   ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england won 341 for five .   gary ballance has struggled with graham gooch .
dossier on lord janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse claims has prompted 30 more alleged victims to come forward .   the 1986 janner file is mentioned in an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery .   last year nspcc boss peter wanless led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists .   federal prosecutors charging mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states .   he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus .
kim roberts admitted to stealing antiques and art treasures worth # 500,000 .   the 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches .   roberts ' haul was said to be worth a total of # 500,000 at a hearing .
the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations .   the brand now encouraging customers to shop online , the los angeles times reported on thursday .   frederick 's of hollywood store died in 1990 at the age of 76 .
marianne is given the tuning fork treatment at the hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide .   they are said to tighten sagging skin that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate .   some say it 's non-jab equivalent of botox .
alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs appear to have convinced tyga to nail his colours to the red half of north london .   rap artist tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to arsenal .   england internationals also gave tyga a no 52 arsenal shirt .
gina maria schumacher seen riding skills at a horse show in germany .   the 17-year-old was one of the stars in the nrha european futurity horse show .   miss schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament .
diego costa limped off just 11 minutes as a substitute in chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke on saturday .   costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks following his hamstring injury .   costa is also expected to miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united .
the spain international was a target for arsenal a year ago .   manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata .   city also are one of the frontrunners to sign juve midfielder paul pogba .
` first of its kind ' equipment developed by elbit systems working with israeli ministry of defense .   thought the system will cost around # 2.3 million -lrb- $ 3.5 m -rrb- per mile to install .   proposed area to introduce it is along the land border between gaza and israel .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old .   he died at derriford hospital in plymouth , devon , in march last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault .   coroner ian arrow said the law changed in 1996 that an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if it happened more than a year before .
magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters .   the child with the hood in this photo was born in 1988 and is an adult synesthete .   his pairings matched 25 of the 26 letters in the fisher-price magnet set .
campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation .   two county councils , essex and gloucestershire have already implemented the maps .   maps allow them to target ` danger zones ' of loneliness .
anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road .   her family and friend are in shock after two days without power and with limited food supplies , ms jarmain insisted on making a ` quick trip ' into town .   anne jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried a stalled car over flood waters before 9am on wednesday .
sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford 's men moved into one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton .   bath no 8 leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni were ahead at half-time .   bath flanker sam burgess scored a late lead in the first half .
manchester united target memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season .   louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old .   manchester city and paris saint-germain among contenders to sign depay .
tories and lib dems want to roll back labour 's ` state intrusion '   crimes include diving into thames without authority .   offenders can be fined # 200 .   between may 2010 and may 2014 .
the researcher , chris roberts , attempted to board a united flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major security conference , but was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate .   authorities also seized roberts ' laptop and other electronics .   his lawyer says he has n't seen a search warrant .
sheffield wednesday chief executive paul aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season .   aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011 .   former hull city and derby county owner pearson will advise on business .
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son .   hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law .   ` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' he said .
poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains .   half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old .   survey found that six out of ten women were attacked on public transport .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ` great article on writing briefs . '   the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature .   mcelroy has been placed on administrative leave from drexel university .
michael slager was charged with murder after shooting walter scott , 50 , over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina .   he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife and an officer .   but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison .
charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years at their new york farm .   his wife , douglas mess , 29 , reported that his father had failed to show up to work on monday morning and had not been seen since 8pm on sunday .   it took seven hours to locate mess ' body , which was concealed in a mound of manure at the back of the farm .
ronald jebson , who was responsible for the ` babes in the woods ' murders in 1970 , died of kidney failure .   jebson 's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .   four years after killing gary blatchford , shose sister samantha humbles , died at the university hospital of north durham 11 days ago .
karen bell , 42 , from hull , has been jailed for 12 months after blackmailing a man for # 55 and threatening to post footage online of their sex sessions if she did not receive # 55 .   the pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers .   hull crown court heard that she threatened to post the footage on facebook .
harry childs , jack hutchins , dean foreman and jack hutchins have been jailed for football-related disorder last year .   the unsavoury scenes occurred on february 1 , 2014 following a 3-3 draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road .   childs , hutchins and foreman were found guilty of the offences on march 6 .
ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible '   he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before the two-hour live tv showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders .   mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's itv showdown .   mr cameron said he would have a drink or two .
japanese engineers have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight .   mr matsuko 's robotic clone make is debut at the weekend and has been described as ` unnervingly real '   japan 's science lab used silicon skin and electronic actuators to create look .   the first android to host its own show .
sir bradley wiggins won his final race with team sky in the parsi-roubaix .   the 2012 tour de france winner is in order to ride for his own squad , ` wiggins '   german john degenkolb won the race to cross the line first at the end of the sport 's 151-mile trek .   wiggins was first rider to take first in the milan .
judith russell 's daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev , one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the boston marathon .   his defense team argued on monday he is a ` good boy ' and should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre .   dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , converted to islam after meeting dzhokhar 's brother tamerlan .
santi cazorla underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid .   the 24-year-old fractured his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe on sunday .   musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
cultural studies professor julie robert said it was ` problematic '   she believes it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer .   mr abbott came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking .   dr robert warned people can forget their limits .
written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ` drunken headache '   the text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck .   this papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover .   more than 500,000 documents found in an ancient rubbish tip at the egyptian town of oxyrhynchus .
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland .   during an interview with nine network 's a current affair , mr heneker says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the bandit .   seconds after mr heneker shot his attacker , he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin .   the seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli .   family team has created new robot as part of a robot .
john carver has called on advice and support of former newcastle managers alan shearer and alan pardew as tensions grow between the club .   pardew was in charge of newcastle from 2010 to january this year .   newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner mike ashley for a lack of ambition .
jack colback says he is looking forward to next term .   newcastle lost six in a row at st james ' park 12 months ago .   colback admits newcastle united 's supporters are not left .
organizers of the homophobic protest at mcguffey high school in washington encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing ` anti-gay ' on their hands .   the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the protesters .   thursday 's anti-gay day protest is said to have been a reaction to the previous day 's event .
larry reid was charged with battery of a police officer , driving across a median , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .   his older brother , senator harry reid , said he would not seek re-election next year .   u.s. senate democratic leader harry reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 .
belle gibson has revealed she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness .   belle has said she loves her health story of her health .   the belle ´ s of the world win us over .
the colour house in kendal , cumbria , sleeps four at # 98 per night .   in the 1960s , the landgate cottage is quintessentially 1950s .   it is the best offerings of the british interior aesthetic .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday .   wiggins and thomas were part of a strong team sky team-mate in the race .   katusha 's alexander kristoff took the win with only 14 riders .
francois hollande has vowed to ` show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children in the central african republic .   fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat .   the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public .
the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area .   the wolf of wall street star purchased the 104-acre blackadore caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million .   ` it will change the world , ' dicaprio said .
erica ginnetti , 35 , has been sentenced to 30 days , house arrest and probation for having sex with a 17-year-old student .   the married mother of three pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .   she faces three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
chinese parents called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old .   now a new basketball star is on the rise in china .   lakers fan ` siu720 ' says he ca n't believe it .
vincent kompany will be assessed on saturday , 24 hours ahead of clash at old trafford .   city captain kompany played 90 minutes as city lost 2-1 to crystal palace .   vincent kompany is an injury doubt for the match against louis van gaal 's men .
david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 .   he was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the slaying .   police found at least 20 masks in pate 's home after he was arrested .
bettie jo , from houston , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce .   she was unable to care for herself and had to do everything for her .   josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer .
smell on route 9 in montpellier said to be ` unbearable ' and caused by roma .   bus driver mr granier said the smell which accompanied the roma was a ` sanitation risk ' in an interview last week .   his claims were backed up by other drivers .
olive fowler , 70 , was caught allegedly trying to smuggle two pounds of cocaine worth $ 30,000 in pairs of sneakers at jfk airport .   thenga adams of guyana in south america was arrested after customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30,000 worth of cocaine .   thenga adams now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .
arsenal face reading at wembley on saturday 's fa cup semi-final .   per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent in semi-final .   arsene wenger 's side have win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions .
cesc fabregas scores three points for chelsea at loftus road .   eden hazard and eden hazard scored in the penalty area .   jose mourinho 's team are on the verge of the premier league .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , has been denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana during a business meeting at his new york city last friday .   but as he fights to throw out the allegations , police overheard a phone call between battilana and weinstein , and he said : ` it wo n't happen again '   the couple 's daughter , india , was pictured for the first time outside their home in new york since she allegedly groped a model for groping her .   her husband apologized to a
pasco county sheriff 's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of deputy kerry kempink killing the dog dead .   the video , shot on kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last friday .   he started to walk towards the home , but was stopped by two black rottweilers which had ran out across the garden .
two adults and four children were spotted riding on the same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman , argentina .   they are hunting a family of seven seen riding on same motorbike through the city of junin just weeks ago .   it comes just weeks after a similar found of seven riding on motorbike .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for third time .   milos raonic called a trainer for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first .   rafael nadal will play david ferrer and novak djokovic .
grace rishell was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $ 500,000 on the death of his first wife , lynn rishell , 20 years earlier .   the fbi told her about a secret $ 400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her .   henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death .
chris blowes was mauled by a great white shark in south australia .   the 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital .   mr blowes had lost a leg and was in critical condition in intensive care .
william ` frankie ' dugan , 29 , and valerie ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children , aged 5 and 6 .   they were charged with five counts of child sexual abuse .   police were now searching for more victims .
a new unit of 100 staff would work with the gangmasters licensing authority , specialist police units and home office enforcement staff .   but nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband 's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration .   ukip leader said it was not main issue .
rangers beat bottom side livingston in the scottish cup semi finals .   stuart mccall ordered his side to end their form at dumbarton on saturday .   rangers have only won once in their last five away matches .
the lion crossed the 405 and 101 freeways more than three years ago as he travelled from his home in the santa monica mountains .   workers discovered the big cat on monday at noon as they were trying to install a security system .   animal welfare officers even firing tennis balls and bean bags at it - he was still refusing to move out .
former ole miss star marshall henderson was mocked for his drug use by erin andrews on twitter two years ago .   he was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .   he has waited two years to get his revenge .
courtney terry , 27 , had planned to marry billy webb in seven months ' time .   but despite chemotherapy and kidney removal , she is so rare it does not have a name .   doctors have advised her to bring her final wish of a dream wedding .
martin and jessica castillo were reunited with their lost wedding ring last year .   it was discovered by a scuba diver in mexico have renewed their vows .   mr roark , 22 , to serve as their ` padrino de anillo ' for the ceremony .
vincent kompany could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind .   the captain was substituted during sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat at manchester united .   vincent kompany is not guaranteed to return this season .
comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a tv and internet provider .   comcast is planning to ` walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government .   the new company would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers .
discovery made by researchers in atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo , brazil .   a new species of frog has been found to mate underground in secret chambers .   the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
antonio nuñez , 59 , was charged with stabbing his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument .   it escalated , and allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman 's behind .   nuñez will be charged with aggravated assault .
memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain this week .   louis van gaal gave depay his international debut for holland .   liverpool and manchester united are also interested in holland player depay .
philippe senderos and kieran richardson are doubts along with scott sinclair and ashley westwood .   alan hutton limped off in saturday 's 3-1 defeat at old trafford on saturday .   vargas is ruled out with a knee injury in the 4-1 win at west brom .
hannah wilson , 22 , was last seen at 1am on friday .   her body later turned up in a rural area of brown county in needmore , indiana .   wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object , not found at the scene .
air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in kenya on sunday .   cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll .   al-shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 .
nico rosberg wary of the threat from ferrari in bahrain grand prix .   ferrari duo kimi raikkonen and sebastian vettel finished third and fourth quickest .   rosberg has 17 points in the drivers ' standings .
mixed martial arts fighter anderson silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics in rio de janeiro .   the brazilian taekwondo confederation said it would be ` an immense pleasure ' to be part of the brazilian team in rio .   silva is an ambassador for taekwondo in brazil .
the footage was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car .   the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5 km , with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car .   mr honna was driving the car and his mate mr rose was filming the menacing incident on his phone .
manchester united are closing in on a deal to sign borussia dortmund ace ilkay gundogan .   van gaal believes the 24-year-old is perfect replacement for michael carrick .   louis van gaal has signed a new 12 month contract at old trafford .
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her boyfriend aidan guerra to have for dinner .   ms bartholomew claims the man working at sam the butcher in bondi called her a ` f *** ing c *** ' when she went to use her card to pay for the choice bird .   the butcher who was working at the shop said ms bartholomew is ` lying ' and trying to ruin the business .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the show is over 12 hours after the finale .   mr turner , 31 , and aidan turner have been on twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms '   fans say they are not ok to now now hurry up with series two .   the show has been one of the most successful of 2015 .
alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi in the indian premier league this month .   somerset director of cricket matthew maynard agreed a deal to take up the short-term coaching appointment with delhi until april 16 .   thomas will be fit again in time for somerset 's second championship .
roberto martinez says burnley 's player remind him of his wigan side .   the everton manager says burnley have not been seen in the premier league .   martinez believes sean dyche 's team will have to play on his bottom three .
iran 's revolutionary guards ` harassed ' a us-flagged container ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors .   the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz .   in the april 24 incident , four iranian patrol boats seized mv maersk tigris this week .
organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago .   russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles .   it 's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet .   he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover .   he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out .
tank , a 2-year-old bulldog from iowa won drake university 's 36th annual ` beautiful bulldog ' contest sunday at drake university .   he will appear before more than 16,000 fans at the university 's drake relays to be honored as mascot of the event .   the tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant is the kickoff event for the drake relays track meet .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney .   acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never been it in his time in racing .   the champion jockey said he did n't win the race .
the couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the gym and large wine cellar at the # 31.5 million west london home .   but one neighbour was furious with the proposals saying it ` will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets , my house included '   they already have homes in california , france and dubai .   other locals have approved plans subject to minor conditions .
hbo drama based on george rr martin 's fantasy novels is about to begin its fifth series .   many of the female characters take leading roles .   men have died in recent incidents .
leslie cooper , 61 , charged with murder of syrian preacher abdul hadi arwani , who was found dead in his car last week .   he appeared before magistrates today for a brief hearing and will appear at the old bailey later this week .   cooper was remanded in custody by a judge at camberwell 's court .
shona banda , 37 , was forwarded on monday to the finney county district attorney 's office for a decision about charges .   the divorced garden city mother said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody .   banda is a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue .
a washington state lawmaker proposed the idea of connecting two cities on the puget sound with a military tribute bridge made of retired united states .   representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet .   there are currently three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge .
chad mendes won his no 1 spot in fairfax on saturday night .   ufc fight night event was 2014 's ` fight of the year ' against jose aldo .   mendes said the featherweight had no 1 featherweight ranking .
former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise is planning to raise $ 30 billion -lrb- # 20 billion -rrb- to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state .   but the proposal to build hundreds of miles long has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts .   since the year 2000 , seven western states in the us has seen their driest periods in centuries .
bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international .   watson was struggling on one over after 13 holes on thursday .   south africa 's darren fichardt is on his own at four under .
raheem sterling made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4-1 at the emirates on saturday .   bt sport pundit owen believes there should not be a debate about whether sterling is more talented than ozil .   the former liverpool forward is a better player than mesut ozil .
alan shearer , gary speed , nobby solano and shay given have been found discarded alongside grass cuttings , cardboard boxes and bin bags .   the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images .   the skip was found outside st james ' park for the champions league .
ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the crucible audience .   o'sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester .   o'sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the uk championship .
gemma flanagan , 31 , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome .   the aspiring model was working for british airways when condition first struck .   but for seven months she was left frozen in her own body and unable to move .
lexy wood , 13 , told rebecca boyd she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer , alabama .   she and her brother nick , 16 , were approached after the screening by mrs boyd , who said that her husband had just been laid off .   mrs wood turned to social media to find the woman and apologize to her for her daughter 's behavior and pay for her next trip out of her children 's allowance .
sarah fox , 27 , was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away .   police are appealing for the public 's help to track down peter fox .   bernadette and sarah 's family said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
jane tipper survived a 250ft fall after chasing a lamb over a cliff .   dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype last week when the eight-year-old fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb .   molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope .
richard clements is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in suffolk .   his family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene .   a man , in his 60s , has died .
richard symonds decided to block a user called ` contribsx ' on tuesday .   he once described himself as ` liberal democrat to the last '   mr symonds said the story was ` untrue from start to finish '   mr symonds says the site should not be used to ` play politics '   the tory party chairman had been accused of using an anonymous user id to delete embarrassing facts about his past and add unflattering details about his political rivals .   mr symonds is one of the uk
lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo for barcelona .   barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem .   celta vigo sit 10th in the table .
juan carlos is 27 years younger than former spanish king .   new book claims they were ' a couple , pure and simple '   ana romero sold out within 24 hours .   author 's claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in philadelphia .   he was walking ahead of mcnamee , turn round when he hears him fall .   he broke his back and several ribs , shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten , oldenburg , shortly after taking off from a nearby airfield .   the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital .   one person has died and two are seriously injured .
liverpool must keep faith with manager brendan rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes stan collymore .   rodgers has come under-fire after a third season with the anfield outfit .   liverpool face aston villa on sunday in the fa cup semi-finals .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home .   mccollom resigned from the chief 's job in march .   investigators found no evidence mccollom intended to harm margaret mccollom .
manchester city need eight homegrown players for first-team squad next season .   premier league champions are also interested in signing danny ings .   frank lampard , scott sinclair and micah richards will all leave .
nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer revealing distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters .   the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface at 2.4 miles per second -lrb- 3.9 km/s -rrb- .   the event will take place on thursday 30 april after a four-year mission .
the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when it officially opened its doors at 8am this morning .   more than 200 people were found queuing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut .   ivy and brian bacon came all the way from basford in nottingham and queued for bbc radio derby .
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , was denied parole and can not reapply for seven years .   his first victim was laura stoughton , 20 , who interrupted the pair on jan. 21 , 1977 , as they were breaking into her home .   lynette duncan , one of two teenagers who murdered her father and sister 33 years ago , were convicted in 1977 .
chelsea and manchester city are keen on english football 's hottest property .   kolo toure says liverpool is the best place for sterling to stay .   toure used to play for city with rodwell and sinclair .
jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how it became ` self-sabotaging ' for up to four hours a day .   in a essay for marie claire , the urge to stand in front of a mirror and poke at the pores on her face was so all-consuming she started ` into the mirror '   as a child she poke her pores for hours on end .   jenna 's use of the tweezers went to her parents
mark doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss .   mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction to set up a business using the animals ' sense of smell , which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans .   border collie meg and jess , 30 , were trained for six months .
the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is ongoing shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice , unable to move .   they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks .   the ice breakers need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers .
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds .   with under two weeks to go until his $ 300milllion fight with manny pacquiao , the undefeated champion claims that the irish ufc star is just being a chance to get himself some publicity .   mayweather dismissed the ufc fighter and said he wants is publicity for his fight .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has slammed the iran nuclear deal .   he said a deal based on this framework would not block iran 's path to the bomb .   iran 's nuclear program will be able to operate for the next 10 years .
louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year .   jamie vardy was criticised two years ago at leicester .   vardy was in the premier league with croatia international andrej kramaric .
jan vertonghen is set to be without a key trio for his first return to tottenham since 14 months out with a broken leg .   kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham .   tim sherwood will miss clash against aston villa .
brad pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2,000 .   pitt , 51 , vowed to help ` make it right ' for the city 's thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed .   it says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the company 's timbersil product .
arsenal take on brendan rodgers ' side at the emirates on saturday .   arsene wenger 's side are third in the premier league and six points clear .   jack wilshere , mikel arteta , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby this week .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ulster said charles piutau had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in 2017 of a season in belfast .   fly-half colin slade is believed to be interested in move to toulon or pau in france .   ireland coach joe schmidt says the australian is still disappointed .
little rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year .   a specialist at sydney 's westmead children 's hospital discovered the football-sized tumour , which weighs more than half her body weight , growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine .   rosannah , from baradine in north wales , had been misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old .
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron .   mr johnson said last month he would serve a ` full second term ' until 2020 .   mr johnson has long been tipped as a future leader of the party .
carlo ancelotti has been out of action since february with foot injury .   former monaco playmaker named in real starting xi for granada on sunday .   ancelotti says it is ` operation 30 points ' for ancelotti .
heather mack , 19 , has filed for about half a million dollars to be transferred to mack 's daughter stella from mack 's trust fund .   her uncle , wiese-mack 's brother and trustee of her estate , had blocked her access to the funds .   indonesian officials accused mack of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend , tommy schaefer , murder her mother at a luxury bali hotel .
prince william and kate 's decision to use st mary 's hospital in paddington , london , over public care offered by the nhs .   david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options .   baby is due in mid to late april .
the answers can be found at the bottom of the page .   four men can build four boats in four days .   three men and wives and a child were in the car at picnic one day for a picnic .   book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished .
ana elizondo was leaving a night class at the university of texas , pan american .   she was kidnapped and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border .   she was sentenced to 34 years in prison in 2014 .
ross barkley has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league .   everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty at the club .   the untried barkley took the 10th minute kick for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon .
molly parks , 24 , was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm .   police turned up on her father 's door in saco , maine , he knew they were there about molly .   days later , he wrote an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs .
brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play .   stuart dallas scored twice to put the bees in a lead at craven cottage .   brentford manager mark warburton was pictured with his brentford side 's win over fulham .
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri .   the st. louis freshman men 's crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum .   fish can also be seen on the boat scream .
kate roberts , 24 , noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head .   he was diagnosed with brachycephaly , also known as ` flat head syndrome '   this when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out .   doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back .
claudetteia love , 17 , was told by her school principal patrick taylor that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom .   she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana .   but she has now been informed that she may wear the attire after all .
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season .   tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month .   defender has undergone successful surgery .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 on saturday in the bundesliga .   jurgen klopp 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table .   dortmund coach jurgen klopp says bayern must claim the three points .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy slide themselves descending new zealand 's baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes '   the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill .   the video is captured on a helmet camera .   of a spectator .
researchers studied stone tools used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west europe and west asia around 40,000 years ago .   they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era .   scientists believed that innovation in weapons enabled humans to spread out of africa to europe .
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes .   he then claims he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller .   anthony corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired nypd officer who was let off
former plumber sean crawford made a splash at australian traffic jam gallery .   his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on .   ` taxidermy was a big part of my culture , ' he said .
department of twin research hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk .   identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes .   twins were all born in uk .
researchers found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women .   sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - than their male counterparts .   results suggest than men have a dimmer view of their colleagues ' ability than women .
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night and admitted ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it '   bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival on saturday after his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma .   in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he
the man , known only as xu , bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties .   xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china .   the young couple had not slept together at all six months after wang ` married ' into the family .
organic milk could contain a third less iodine than normal milk .   pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be child 's health at risk .   one in every 20 pints of milk bought is now organic and more than 300 million pints sold in uk last year .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 in the serie a .   first-half goals from carlos tevez - his 26th goal of the season .   samp are now level on napoli with 50 points .
un high commissioner for human rights zeid said katie hopkins used language similar to that of rwandan media in the run up the 1994 genocide and by nazis in the 1930s .   un 's rights chief has urged britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred after a columnist for the sun called migrants ` cockroaches '   he said the april 17 article in a ` nasty underbelly of racism '   the hopkins piece was described as ` one of the more anti-foreigner articles in the uk over europe and it
a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the siege were being shared on social media and ` deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz , the hostage who was killed .   the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .   the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage after waiting more than an hour for his omelette .   dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident on saturday .   dematteis was previously arrested earlier this year in january for breaking into his girlfriend 's apartment .
wojciech szczesny has found demoted to the substitutes ' bench in recent months .   szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the new year .   david ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any premier league .
kelli jo bauer , 45 , has been accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing and selling these goods out of her nearly $ 1 million home .   she was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes , many still with tags of them .   she was selling the items because she was a ` compulsive shopper ' and had lost weight .
melissa borg left her baulkham hills home in north-west sydney at 7:30 am on thursday in her school uniform and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills .   the year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work .   melissa is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build , long brown hair and brown eyes .
chris lewis , 68 , has brought the court case against former wife nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years .   he claims mrs lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him .   dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son , he says and as a result of the deception he suffered loss and damages .
ted koran , 59 , said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together .   ted said that he came very close to ending his own life when he failed to get through to a counselor on the va suicide hotline on saturday .   today it has 52 operators fielding up to 1,000 phone calls a day but the service is at
burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising .   burger king 's russian branch posted a picture of a woman with ' i love burger king '   companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and cost just # 4 .   for as $ 6 , or # 4 promise to get your message .
ronnie o'sullivan has admitted he would love to be the presenter of top gear .   the five-time world snooker champion is looking for another title this week .   o'sullivan beat craig steadman 10-3 in the first round .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his girlfriend .   he got talking to a group of southwest employees .   they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift .
ashton wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems .   fiat chrysler automobiles ' jeep , and mr wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an ` apology ' in a national publication .   no one would publish the apology , he will instead read it out on the abc 's ` the checkout
rory mcilroy is the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25 .   the south african legend will attend his 58th masters this week .   gary player is favourite to win the career grand slam .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide .   the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages but no one was hurt .   the earthflow region of russia is thought to have happened at 1pm on april 1 .
isa richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down .   court heard she felt intimidated by richardson , 46 , and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money .   richardson was also given a 12-month conditional discharge .
mary cowan , of edinburgh , passed away in november last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school .   ms cowan never married and worked at the college in 1981 and lived in edinburgh .   she will have # 700,000 of her # 2million fortune should be left to charity groups .
madonna pulled the singer back to plant a kiss on his lips on sunday night .   she was in pain over at least three seconds .   she has now been given a sex bomb .
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ` kill ' floyd mayweather ` in less than 30 seconds '   mcgregor said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing .   mcgregor has won all five of his fights in the ufc to earn himself a shot at aldo .   mayweather takes on manny pacquiao next month .
lewis hamilton is 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ' championship after winning the chinese grand prix .   nico rosberg was second and ferrari 's sebastian vettel third .   lewis hamilton led the field to turn 1 at the top of the formula one world championship after three rounds .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than 12 people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school 's performance of the musical american pie .   the calamity occurred at the worst time - just as dozens were on stage for the finale .
james ramirez , 37 , was called to princess royal university hospital on january 28 .   she had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am .   she had gone in to labour .
jose mourinho said he tries his best to separate his professional and family life .   the father-of-two said that he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger .   chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing struggling qpr this weekend .
daisy goodwin has suffered with head lice since 19 years .   she says she has lost at least 100 times since she was 19 years old .   it 's a head lice and a nit can be seen as a child .
fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 pictures from where they met in australia .   the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ` laura i have a questions for you '   fabio lavato says that he always knew he wanted to marry laura .   he said : ` it was love at the big screen of a cinema .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his beloved wife june , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain .   nottinghamshire police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three on the day he disappeared from a home in st ann 's .   mr lord 's last known moments were also captured on cctv .
julio cesar chavez jnr has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs .   anthony dirrell 's ibf world title fight is against james degale .   carl froch lost to andrzej fonfara last week .
sydney personal trainer allie dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business , sweets and sweat .   her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines , a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer in 2012 .   ms dodds said ms bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her facebook fan base and she agreed .
victoria mckennon is just one class short of the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas .   the 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition .   her family appealed to the school to allow her to take part in ceremony at the dallas convention center in june .
melbourne mother-of-two kady marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel .   she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only '   when she moved to the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla .   kady was in town for her best friend 's wedding .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 .   cristiano ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches .   ronaldo scored four goals in real madrid 's super cup win over sevilla .
ian wright was dead in the fa cup final against liverpool at wembley on saturday .   the bbc and bt sport will have a ` journey ' this season .   wembley on board for both games and i do n't want to host the gunners .
louis van gaal is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer .   the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season .   manchester united have made a move over the holland international .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the word anzac .   forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .   the church used the brand in an attempt to raise $ 10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in auckland in new zealand .
a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand 's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the ocean predator .   the two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts jeff kurr and andy casagrande .   the footage have been posted on the discovery channel last year during shark week .
designer eason chow believes his coffee pods will cost around # 80 .   it involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created .   mr chow , 25 , from singapore has also made a stackable coffee maker .
kurt zouma reveals he has dreams of winning ballon d'or .   chelsea defender hopes he can emulate his world cup winner marcel desailly .   zouma is hoping to emulate marcel desailly and john terry .
ashy bines looks into ` exposing the truth of ashy bines ' dishonest business ethics '   it comes as ms bines has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child .   she is best known for her 12-week exercise program , ashy bines bikini body challenge .   she has almost one million followers on social media .
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties .   35 per cent of tories mentioned the deficit , 5 % of lib dems and 9 % of candidates standing for the scottish national party .   not a single labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit .
analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and sales could top 20 million this year .   consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june .   apple launches its first smartwatch today .
christian eriksen has warned tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season 's europa league .   spurs are sixth in the premier league .   tottenham have been linked with florian thauvin and andriy yarmolenko .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5 metre fine mesh privacy screen at their melwood base .   the club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches .   liverpool city council planning committee has given its approval on tuesday .
sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year .   sangakkara scored 45 runs against south africa to take his last world cup tally to 541 .   the 37-year-old has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs .
xabi alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool .   ac milan legend clarence seedorf could become only the second player to win european football 's top trophy with three clubs .   bayern munich beat atletico madrid 3-2 in champions league quarter-final on penalties .
zac efron 's new film , bad grandpa , on tuesday .   he 's 27 we are ryan gosling and justin timberlake .   zac efron has become a bona-fide buff babe .
the harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world .   pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival .   british airways ' chief boeing pilot captain al bridger said : ` harbour views can be seen for guests on the right hand side .
didier drogba hopes to inspire footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year-old scored against leicester on wednesday .   zebeto is one of the children inspired by drogba .
burnley host tottenham on sunday in the premier league .   sean dyche has been linked to jobs with newcastle and sunderland .   dyche 's average home gate of 29,000 is 10,000 more than burnley .
john terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 .   terry was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but banned for four matches and fined by the football association for ` using abusive language related to colour '   terry 's former central defensive partner with england has called him the ` biggest idiot ' in the way .   terry was stripped of the england captaincy .
gareth bale has come under fire from fans in his second season .   the welshman missed the champions league quarter-final return against atletico .   the welshman has been linked with manchester united and chelsea .
jordon ibe signed by liverpool in # 10million deal at 2014 world cup .   origi has scored seven times in ligue 1 this season .   liverpool 's divock origi says progress of raheem sterling is not .
stephanie scott 's remains have been transported to glebe morgue in sydney .   school cleaner vincent stanford was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years .   this comes after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of stephanie scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands to run a background check on the accused killer .
transparency has been caused by surface ice melting , before organisms like plankton conceal them once more .   soul-stirring brig of the james mcbride ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 .   members of the group were returning from high island where they spend the summer when it crashed in a snowstorm .
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley on saturday .   the polish international has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1 .   szczesny has made just three appearances for arsenal this season .
rebecca grant , 40 , claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused , but when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id and found that she was out on bail .   grant tried to head-butt a deputy , scratched the police car 's with her teeth , bit the upholstery and ' threatened to kill the deputies ' a sheriff 's deputy .   grant was charged with violating her bail conditions and criminal mischief for causing $ 500 in damage to the cruiser .
karl lagerfeld , 82 , said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan .   last year choupette was cara delevingne , one of the world 's top models , who took home # 2.4 million .   lagerfeld said she was ` too sophisticated ' to be used for food for other cats .
abdul hadi arwani was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death .   arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in north west london after being called there last tuesday .   he pretended to have lost his keys to provide a quote for building work .
ed sheeran , 24 , has double the wealth at the top of the list of britain 's richest musicians under the age of 30 .   sam smith , 22 , is a new entry with a # 13million boost over the last year .   it has been almost four years since her last album but not # 5million .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday .   dettori 's boss sheik al thani will have to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury .   frankie dettori has been on the run since joining john gosden .
raheem sterling was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide .   the england international will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high .   in the footage sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit .
matthew whelan changed his name to king of inkland king body art the extreme ink-ite but goes by body art for short , has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings .   mr body art says prejudice against people with body modifications has affected his career .   he also had his nipples cut off six months ago and is now planning to set up his own business .
steve smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market .   he opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990 .   mr smith gave half of his profits - # 25million - to his parents .
several dea agents were taking part in these parties in bogota as early as 2001 .   a dea report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform at a hearing on the misconduct .   at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .
the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to open for hunger games fans in october 2016 .   the dubai theme park will have to travel to dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay .   the hunger games is the incorporation of a live stage show based on step up .
harry redknapp has described the club as ` like a bit of a soap opera '   the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave in february .   redknapp told bbc sport 's football focus there was more to his decision than health problems .   former west ham boss believes he would have helped qpr avoid relegation .
crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia .   farmers need at least 2,000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice .   images portray the crop 's full cycle from the primitive sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes for consumption .
watford beat millwall 2-0 in 2-0 win over millwall .   millwall keeper david forde was sent off in the first minute .   watford were on top for the first half .
adele mckenzie was set to marry the love of her life , david elliot , when she slipped into the white lacy gown .   she said she was n't able to buy the $ 2,000 dress outright so she organised a payment plan with ` bridal centre '   she started paying in february and planned to pay off her dress by july - three months before her wedding .   ms mckenzie said they were in front of her friends and family .
dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in evans ' cookbook .   it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby .   the original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times vitamin a for babies .
hbo show game of thrones , the fifth season , had its us premiere .   george r r martin says only the word ` hodor ' over again .   his real name is walder .
southampton have the fourth lowest wage bill based on last season .   chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table .   chelsea are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of wage bill .
former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in ashfield for her bondage and porn film business .   some of the clips show women bound with leather straps were told to ` prepare for anything '   michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling auditions for the sordid films .   the source said that actors at auditions for one of ms gent 's films .
australian comedian dave hughes refused to apologise for calling derryn hinch a ` w ** ker ' on national television .   hughes and hinch appeared on monday night 's q&a panel discussing depression and alcohol .   audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott 's ` display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or attempt to become more popular with younger voters '   hughes told kiis radio he would not recant his comment about hinch .
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but did n't come back .   police said his body had been discovered at marine park golf club , just two miles from his home .   gewirtz 's family and friends offered a $ 5,000 reward if he was found alive .
tomas berdych defeated argentine monaco 6-3 , 6-4 in the miami open quarter-finals .   eighth seed berdych set up a rematch with andy murray on wednesday .   murray 's former assistant dani vallverdu also has the brit 's jez green .
lucy , 23 , shot to fame as one of the postergirls of the only way is essex .   she 's called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for fake tan brand .   towie star lucy mecklenburgh and her 19-year-old sister lydia called on the new campaign for the fake tan .
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in uk since he fled soviet union in 1970s .   he managed to smuggle to west 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions .   bukovsky will be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children .
crystal palace beat newcastle fourth in the derby on saturday .   thierry henry said the stadium of light was the atmosphere he had ever won .   sunderland 's steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't score their defeat .
the swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away .   footage , taken with the help of the sea cow , have a top speed of just 5mph .   the video was posted on youtube .
passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei , china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground .   he was caught out when the toilet then tipped over and shattered on the toilet floor .   he had been too embarrassed to shout for help but he changed his story to the police .
abase hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is earlier this year .   mr hussen told mps last month , after his daughter amira abase fled to syria aged 15 , he could think of ` nothing ' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join .   also at the rally were hate cleric anjem choudary and michael adebowale , one of the killers of fusilier lee rigby .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand .   he jumped from the eiffel tower and through a waterfall in the swiss alps .   corliss , 39 , has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight .
dina talaat put on a show at the opening ceremony of african football 's ordinary general assembly in cairo .   but delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz , egyptian minister of youth and sports , stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance .   a spokesman for the egyptian football association said the performance has since gone viral online .
the panel will look at whether ` adjustments ' made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world .   sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites .   panel will examine ` extrapolations ' when records include virtual figures from places .
clinical trials show olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control .   the drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by brca gene mutations , the defect that led to angelina jolie having her ovaries removed .   up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have dna defects .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko .   the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material .   but it is unusual because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night .
simon mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to england after serving on international duty with belgium in euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel .   mignolet was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps .   the 27-year-old is back in england ahead of liverpool 's premier league game against arsenal at the emirates on saturday .
sarah 's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test .   the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil , who appeared with her on the itv show , was not in fact her real father .   phil was told one of three men could be her father .
former white house aide kristina schake , who left the east wing in june 2013 , is reportedly behind the drive to get ex = secretary of state , hillary clinton - elected president next year .   ms schake helped to transform u.s. first lady michelle obama 's public image into that of an all-american ` everywoman ' who even performed ` mom dancing ' with jimmy fallon in 2013 .   she will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for white house this month .
dan price , the ceo of gravity payments , is slashing his own salary 93percent .   he 's also taking up to 80percent of the firm 's $ 2.2 million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries .   over the next three years , gravity payments will offer at least $ 70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees .
papamoa beach was a popular haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore , swimming around in only a few feet of water .   before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea .   two shark attacks left a surfer and fisherman with serious injuries in february , a surfer was mauled by a shark off the southland coast .
the south australian senator 's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday .   ms wong , 46 , shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning .   it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011 .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk , russia .   he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble and fake reebok top .   police found balashov 's selfie on a phone before stealing one phone .   balashov was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence .
gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea since joining the club in january 2012 .   the england defender has won four cups this season , including the champions league .   cahill believes chelsea are back to win in the league .
co-owner crystal o'connor expressed support for a new indiana religious objections law .   despite ` keeping a low profile ' crystal o'connor and her father kevin o'connor said they 'll close the doors to their pizza shop because the phones kept ringing and they did n't know if orders were fake or real .   it was revealed on thursday that the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough 's second goal as they beat wolves on tuesday night .   aitor karanka said his team had to win all four of their matches to finish in the top two of a championship .   blues loanee bamford creator of one for jelle vossen .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , which she read at bill clinton 's inauguration in 1993 was issued a forever stamp in honor of her many achievements .   first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling , which features a picture of angelou 's face and one of her .   the stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady general megan j. brennan .
sir alex ferguson admitted that cristiano ronaldo is better than lionel messi as he could score for any team .   the former manchester united boss said that he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world '   ferguson has been in the history of british football spoke to parrott and presenter hazel irvine as part of the bbc 's coverage of the world championship at the crucible .   the 73-year-old was the most successful manager in the football and snooker .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the army in a field in 1974 .   dennis hutchings appeared at omagh magistrates court in co tyrone today .   he has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago .
british transport police have drafted in 400 extra officers to help with crowds in london over the weekend .   liverpool take on aston villa at wembley on sunday with thousands of fans expected to descend on the capital 24 hours earlier .   extra officers will be stationed on trains travelling down from the north and the midlands .
70 percent of people were in agreement that hear fewer people compared with 20 or 30 years ago .   half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture .   all children used to be told to whistle while they work by classic disney animation snow white .
hackers posted documents on tv5monde 's facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti-isis operation in iraq .   hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning .   channel 's director yves bigot said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content .
artist joe joiner has created a moving new art installation in tribute .   over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year .   over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to help raise awareness .
1860 munich midfielder julian weigl has a buy-out clause of # 2.5 million .   juventus and borussia dortmund are also keen on a deal for the german midfielder .   tottenham and tottenham also interested in the germany u20 international .
theo walcott scored england 's worst rating with five out of 10 .   italy national team boss antonio conte and graziano pelle are linked with a move to roberto mancini 's inter milan .   manchester city midfielder andros townsend and ross barkley have scored five goals at the juventus stadium .
brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup semi-final .   manchester united and chelsea have won two trophies .   arsene wenger has spent # 183m in the premier league .
west ham manager sam allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to premier league clubs .   west ham 's vice-chairman karren brady visited the club 's future home in stratford on tuesday .   the cheapest season ticket at upton park is # 620 but there will be # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year .
aston villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th but the gap could close this weekend with burnley and leicester .   christian benteke said his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone .   belgian striker , back to form under manager tim sherwood with eight goals in six games .
the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 .   it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle '   bush and his wife barbara have lived for more than two decades .   on twitter , bush tweeted that he had ` great respect ' for the service .
darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 .   the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford children 's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath .   the child had been ` caned or whipped ' before he died .
dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the general medical council nine years ago for photographing male and female patients without consent .   his behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .   the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a man on his ipod touch .
the hobart international airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis .   tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport .   customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
lewis hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday at the shanghai international circuit .   hamilton claimed his new deal with mercedes was ' 99.6 per cent done ' and was now in the hands of his lawyers .   the british world champion admits issues with paperwork has been ' a pain in the backside '   hamilton was sporting two gold chains ahead of this week 's chinese grand prix .
west ham manager sam allardyce wants club to qualify for europe next season through fair play .   west ham are the top three nations in uefa 's rankings qualify for europa league .   west ham face leicester city at king power stadium on saturday .
encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade .   monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years .   dolphins are moving further north than .   sea surface temperatures in the hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °c a decade .
hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states in the day .   the storm system stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring .   the storm prediction could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities in the midwest later .
christopher may , 50 , has been charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford , 47 .   ms woodford is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with .   her family described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless '   the 47-year-old 's body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the flat .
all mps ' expenses receipts will have to be published after court threw out bid to keep mps ' receipts private .   court of appeal ruled it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices have been submitted by politicians .   ruling comes six years after mps expenses scandal has refused to die .
chief mark holtzman says the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell lawrence brown , 31 , of upper marlboro , maryland .   officers used a stun gun to subdue him outside a home he had broken into .   brown was black and all five officers involved are white . race has n't been raised as a factor but it comes amid a national debate about the deaths of black men at the hands of police .
sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack .   the frenchman believes the gunners need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to remain as the club 's first choice striker .   henry has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer .
egyptian court sentenced armenian belly dancer to six months in prison for ` insulting the egyptian flag ' after she wore a tight dress in its red , white and black color scheme .   she is expected to avoid jail time after paying # 10,000 bail .   insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under egyptian president adly mansour .
sally lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the grandchildren harvey , seven , and cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in november 2013 .   but the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk .   doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone .
femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces have n't changed for 10 years .   since 2003 has won a golden globe - and has two children , one with former husband chris robinson .   pharrell williams has now won eight grammys .
raheem sterling is unwilling to sign a new contract at anfield .   the 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour .   liverpool manager rodgers now says he will take time to talk to his rising star .
small time drug dealer rudy guede is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder .   the ivory coast national 's dna was found half-naked , her throat slit in 2007 , in the cottage she shared with knox .   knox and raffaele sollecito served four years for meredith kercher 's murder .
jade ruthven , 33 , was so upset by the ` poison pen ' note that she got fed up with her thousands of followers on social media .   the incredible printed letter saying they had got together with ' a few of the girls ' to say they are ` so over ' the running commentary of ms ruthven 's life with her young baby daughter addison .   the letter claims to show ` people really think ' about her friend .
jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england 's first test against west indies in antigua 18 months ago .   england 's liam plunkett and mark wood were also in the first test .   trott is dismissed by james anderson in st kitts .
orgasmic meditation involves the light stimulation of a woman 's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption .   the practice was founded by us entrepreneur nicole daedone .   it aims to teach couples how to enable women to orgasm more deeply .
winchester college experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th centuries - one over beer rations .   mr turner was inspired to write the book by former education journalist david turner , the old boys .   years of research in the schools ' archives is one of barricades and mutinies .
england removed both west indies first in a opening session of the second test in grenada .   chris jordan had missed the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan .   play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after 11 overs lost in the day .
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he tries to earn a recall to the england squad .   pietersen 's agents have helped him outplay the ecb without any help from outside experts .   agent adam wheatley insists everything has been done in-house .
norma esparza pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify , said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend , gianni van , now 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him .   van is now charged with the murder of ramirez . prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez and left him by the roadside .
jackson byrnes from northern new wales was told by doctors he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   the 18-year-old is over halfway to his goal with $ 47,000 being raised by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery .   he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy that found stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain .
leeds rhinos captain kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season .   sinfield , 34 , the greatest captain in rugby league 's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points , believes it could be an inspired decision .   warrington coach tony smith admits he did not want to play against rhinos .
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election .   issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo .   africa is expected to be a strong base of support for blatter .
tony hatch and jackie trent dubbed ` mr music ' for artists including frank sinatra , dean martin , shirley bassey and petula clark .   trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye .   trent 's second husband colin gregory , who accuses the composer of breaking his wife 's heart .
first-of-its-kind wireless corp. is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 us airports .   delta 's new pet gps allows owners to track their pets on a plane .   delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 deaths that year .
santi cazorla is set to make his 100th premier league appearance .   arsenal head to turf moor for the premier league on saturday .   arsene wenger 's side are currently in the semi-final of the fa cup .
john young , 66 , has been left blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs .   he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital .   doctors were unable to save his eyesight despite undergoing emergency surgery .
the duchess of cambridge 's sister was seen in a london park for an early evening run in the sunshine .   new balance wx711 sneaker include a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the usa .   new balance will cost 5 % of the retail price .
the unnamed man was gored during a bullrunning event in teulada , a small coastal town on spain 's costa blanca .   he was sprinting ahead of the animal , trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the animal sent him sprawling to the floor .   the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away .
the ambulance service is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies .   the fire brigade union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming more common .   fire engines are being turned into makeshift ambulances to ferry patients to a&e .
the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water .   they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up .   the eight-year-old boy died friday afternoon .
the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands .   it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place .   st george 's county asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed long-term patients were re-located .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax if labour form next government .   he was also evasive about 40p rate of income tax which critics warn .   main rate under coalition from 28 per cent to 21 % .
sir bruce 's first wife penny calvert was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 .   he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .   sir bruce forsyth has said that in many cases it could be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die .
leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety .   nigel pearson and chelsea will be out of the relegation zone .   leicester players are full of confidence after three on the bounce .
kezzia french , 46 , will hold a second funeral for her baby daughter tomorrow 16 years after she was killed by her lottery addict father .   the little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father , meyrick fowler , then 24 , who flew into a rage when his lottery number 's did n't come up .   andrea 's body was returned to ms french fully-clothed and a funeral was held in 1999 .
the # 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate , where they married in august last year .   wine spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 .   the wine has sold previously in the uk through specialist wine .
actress jemima kirke , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights .   she says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure .   she says her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic .
the woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing .   the woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia on april 5 .   health officials say it 's most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset .
mary , 43 , treated her three children , princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in a village in zealand .   the three children were well-wrapped up by the cows grazing in one of the barns with prince vincent .   the visit was part of denmark 's annual eco day celebrations .
david cameron will say that high taxes and wasteful government spending are ` immoral ' as millions receive a tax cut .   as 14million working households are given an average boost of # 200 a year to their incomes .   prime minister will set out case for people keeping more of their own money .
the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses .   costs between $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,500 -rrb- and $ 15,000 -lrb- # 9,800 -rrb- .   one user called ` ordering ' a bride from russia or the philippines .
julieane jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness .   the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old austin essig , took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie .   marijuana is legal to buy and consume recreationally in colorado - but only for people over age 21 .
the british no 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday .   mauresmo is to give birth some time in august .   mauresmo will be around eight months ' pregnant during wimbledon this summer .
parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after march 24 crash in the french alps which killed all 150 people on board .   she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins .   police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned .
the 47-year-old man from warwick has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states .   police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them to make child pornography .   so far 28 victims have been identified from queensland , nsw and victoria .
jurgen klopp has announced he is to quit borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   klopp has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer .   mats hummels , mario gotze and mats hummels among those interested .
julius caesar collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and had to be carried to safety .   but new research suggests that the roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state .   caesar 's symptoms described in greek and roman documents .
jennifer saunders and joanna lumley are set to reunite for a film of absolutely fabulous .   the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france .   saunders , 56 , told itv 's loose women she had been ` nervous ' about writing the film script .
nac breda manager robert maaskant gives up healthy lead to the bottom of the eredivisie on saturday night .   nac breda nac nac was two goals to three points against the team .   the nac manager was on the bench for his side .
liverpool fans are planning a protest on tuesday night against the rising costs of tickets in the premier league .   the same seats were sold for # 35 .   stoke fans were charged # 16 for tickets when they went to hull in august .   brendan rodgers says they are ` against modern football '
clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy .   staff have to give away a number of hot drinks and food every week , mr schlee said .   she wore no make-up and wore red dress and leg on show .
the deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal .   mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of mr gove over his education reforms .   mr gove was first tory education secretary in 2010 .
mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , said : ` my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me . i was more like his wife than his daughter '   mandy 's father keith whitworth came into her bedroom and woke her up .   whitworth has been jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children .
everton striker romelu lukaku encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response .   lukaku is everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals .   the belgium international encountered the work rate of arouna kone .
alex trebek asked : ` what is the age of consent ? '   the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom , a freemason .   he was tom said : ` in common law , the age is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 ? '   it is n't known for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers .   but tom , who was trending on twitter with people at home , said it was ` what 's the age ? '   tom 's
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials .   greenberg spent five years in charge of canterbury , said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .   bulldogs ceo raelene castle checks on the nrl interchange official who has been injured at the end of game .
jenny-lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy .   doctors at sydney 's hospital told she could give birth via a caesarean section .   she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion .   she blamed local doctors for her daughter 's unnecessary death .
dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone only to discover it was switched off .   bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and punched the victim in the stomach .   bako , from oldham , pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm .
aberdeen striker adam rooney has not want to see celtic win the league on may 11 .   ronny deila 's side are eight points ahead of celtic this season .   celtic face celtic in the premiership crown on may 10 .
david curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles to visit the wallow in blyth , northumberland .   but when he was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing # 40 adidas trousers .   the pub chain has apologised to mr curry , from ashington , but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 .
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow 's bank account details for just # 3,200 .   claims he is so broke he ca n't pay his lawyers - but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison .   his girlfriend annette jabeth had persuaded her to hand them over as part of a fishing scam .
dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in 2013 .   he will receive $ 32 million in legal fees from $ 190million settlement .   ruling by baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent .
the inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11 , 1985 during the first half of a game against lincoln city .   football league efforts to raise # 300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford .   a minute 's silence will be held this weekend for the 56 supporters who lost their lives during the bradford city fire disaster .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas on saturday , may 2 .   the two boxers are one of his favourite snacks .   manny will only drink hot or room temperature water .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 at the emirates in the premier league on saturday .   jermain defoe charlie adam scored his side 's third goal against west brom .   sportsmail 's jamie redknapp won his top five goals of the weekend .
manny pacquiao has unveiled the mouth guard he will use in his money-spinning fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .   a video of pacquiao shows him surrounded by supporters , with pictures on their phone and signs of support for the filipino boxer .   pacquiao will use for the bout .
egypt 's old kingdom collapsed more than 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change .   droughts brought fires , famine and social unrest to the region .   as each of the pyramids were interconnected , the collapse of one also affected the others .
a mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard .   there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is about .   the free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text .   the app is available to download for ios , android and windows phone devices .
ben crenshaw will join jack nicklaus and gary player in the traditional par-three tournament at augusta national .   palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus in the event on wednesday .   arnold palmer will be an honorary starter on thursday .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's redmond offices in washington .   if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide .   microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne .
diego de girolamo scored against preston in the fa cup fourth round .   de girolamo is on loan at northampton but benfica and juventus are interested in the italy under 20 man .   de girolamo impressed for sheffield united at the end of the season .
sarah stage , a los angeles rights activist , is eight months pregnant .   her 1.4 m followers can not believe her unborn child .   sarah is a animal rights activist and a workaholic .
police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave in norfolk last year after the case came up for periodical review .   a dna sample eventually led them to his mother .   the woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud .   arsene wenger says that arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title .   the premier league leaders have to visit the emirates in two weeks ' time .
the transgender boy , who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child , has been given permission by a brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections .   the teen has worn a boy 's uniform for two years and most of his friends are male .   the queensland teen is just one of many young australians who have to seek permission from the family court and prove they are making an ` independent ' choice .
the annual memorial day commemorates the six million jews killed by the nazis during world war two .   traffic came to a pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out .   commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at jerusalem 's yad vashem .
beautician chernae noonan has blocked the cosmetic giant 's application to trademark the phrase .   benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy .   mr arnault 's estimate wealth is thought to be $ 37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in france .
liris crosse , 32 , is the body and naomi campbell of the plus-size modelling world .   the size 18 model grew up in maryland , who she ` obsessed over ' as a model .   liris is now the body of naomi campbell , 18 , who is born with kate moss .
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province .   the global wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines on his way from to the library last friday .   hunan university put out photo with lines such as ` technology university now has a giant wifi cloud '   chinese internet users have since .
andy lee failed to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won last year .   lee 's bout on saturday will have no title on the line .   lee will no longer be a title fight after quillin failed .
miracle godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge near the town and failed to surface .   police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course .   bosses at wigan st judes rugby league club said he had great future potential and scouts .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013 .   he then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - about his life saying he had no family and visited him in prison .   boente sent three men to the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle .   boente , from birmingham , was charged with two counts of threats to kill
multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not the super rich .   from private islands and aston martins , travelmail can save up to 75 per cent off for joe normal blogs .   deals include london to new york on a or luxembourg .
oliver kahn and peter schmeichel star in tiplico 's latest advert .   the former manchester united goalkeeper says he was the best goalkeeper of all time in the advert .   the pair have so far ` cards ' to play 50 years after they renew their rivalry .
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated .   the rest of the family , from heysham , near lancaster , are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the gata2 gene .   alternatively , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia .
britney e. montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando , florida , early saturday after a fight broke out involving ` multiple individuals '   the incident occurred at east pine street and south court avenue around 2.40 am .   police say it was not her own .   she was arrested covered in blood .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian .   the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes .   on friday , the libertarian lawmaker is titled ` lessons from dan blizerian .
kate upton appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue .   she eats lean and green meals every day before every big film scene of photo shoot .   no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates .
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi against verona at the weekend .   united have had staff at inter 's games with sampdoria and parma .   icardi is reportedly on an # 11,000-a-week salary .
a time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line .   about 80 sets of traffic lights are still closed due to flooding .   thousands of people remain stranded in parts of new south wales .
wendy wei mei wu is yet to decide what she wants to do with slipper island , which is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand 's north island .   it boasts two airstrips and six houses .   the nz $ 7.5 million has been purchased for aud $ 6.75 million .
victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , also could go to stanford or duke because he wants to attend college in the fall .   the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all eight ivy league schools .   agbafe hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day .
mark donaldson , one of australia 's most highly decorated soldiers , was awarded the vc for his final tour of duty in the elite sas headquarters in perth .   corporal donaldson vc revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir .   donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on saturday in las vegas , nevada .   the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone .   broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying to watch the richest fight in history .
kristina karo alleges that she was a classmate of ms kunis , 31 , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 , and the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up .   karo , now living in los angeles , claims the theft of her pet chicken as a child in ukraine stole it from her .   in her lawsuit , karo states that ms kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west ukraine .
the most uncomfortable car in a poll of more than 60,000 drivers .   the mark one hyundai i20 was named the second most car , with 81.1 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81.49 per cent .   the ten most comfortable include five by lexus .
mr abbott asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous .   it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony '   mr abbott is not the first australian prime minister to show off his skolling skills .   mr abbott also gave a speech to the players .
raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning # 150,000 is taxed at the higher rate of 45 per cent .   george osborne says the conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from # 10,000 to # 12,500 .   shadow chief secretary chris leslie said the chancellor 's plans to offer reduced tax rates on high income salaries could see the rate lowered .
benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem .   doctors said he would not survive after he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday .   he was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving , and his parents were told he was too weak to live .
dr lara briden says premenstrual symptoms like irritability and cravings are common .   one doctor claims it should n't be so , but not normal .   dr briden is a doctor with 20 years in women 's health .
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league on sky sports .   the west ham midfielder is the best ` keeper ' in his squad .   jordi alba has also played at international level .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career .   carlo ancelotti 's men beat granada 9-1 on sunday .   jeremy mathieu scored a diving header as league leaders barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 .
tony mccoy , the greatest ever jump jockey , lit up with mccoy 's image of mccoy winning the grand national on do n't push it in 2010 .   the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up by tony mccoy .   on wednesday night , one of liverpool 's royal liver landmarks , the city 's final grand national .
richard sherman was born on february 5 , just a few days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots .   sherman is sharing photos of his baby boy with their son rayden on instagram .   the 27-year-old will return to the field in august .
jade reader said she was ` overcome with emotion ' when her twin sister shanell gave up her liver to save niece star within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire .   doctors discovered the baby 's bile ducts were blocked , a condition which can prove fatal if untreated .   her parents , jade reader and matthew bygrave , were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive .
around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school , in eastern china , are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight .   kung fu panda classes were set up after 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese , with one 11-year-old pupil .   teachers set up lessons after survey found 5 % were obese .
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer lord ashcroft , ukip 's vote has fallen in nine .   support for mr farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others .   mr farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in kent .
cincinnati woman jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle .   he says she was headed north on reading road in cincinnati at the time .   police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual .
the house where tia sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered before her body was hidden in the loft .   pictures show the aerial view of the new buildings which have been built following the discovery of the 12-year-old 's body in the in 2013 .   19a terraced house - number 20 in new addington , near croydon - was bulldozed in june 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , canada , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 7 , were discovered wednesday .   steve o'shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert .   police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with gosling alive and unharmed .   gosling 's cousin tim funk said o'shaughnessy sent the photos in a text message to the children 's father , jason gosling , the day before his birthday .
in the latest video from the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious .   many of the elders admit that they have no idea what snapchat is - never mind how to use it for the first time , in order to send the perfect selfie .   a woman named vera calls the app ` snapchess ' , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds .
clermont auvergne won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 .   the english full back was man of the match for the third time against premiership opposition this year .   the 28-year-old is currently on the world cup hopes of a test recall .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with qpr .   tim sherwood doubled the lead against tottenham at the end of the game .   christian benteke equalised for aston villa in the first half .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday .   osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot .   davis was questioned by police and was cooperating with the investigation .
doug hughes , 61 , spent two years planning his stunt , which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of congress .   he is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on monday to register with a probation officer .   mrs hughes told officers her husband said he was not aware of the plan .
british-born stall-holder tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration this month .   when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , chit chaat chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` english-themed '   the council has since apologised for the letter and reversed their decision on the day .   ms rahman , of hampshire , was one of many food stall-holders .
a 37-year-old man is in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit .   the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck .   the 37-year-old man was held for questioning and the causes have n't been released .
sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today , but was taken straight to the medical tent .   he previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass , a cancer operation , and is in an fight with diabetes .   marie curie cancer care nurses are in the south moroccan desert .
cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater by three teenage girls .   santamaria-williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her .   police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said they will face assault charges if caught .
a brass desk lamp used by florence nightingale as she wrote about her nursing experiences in the crimean war is to be sold at auction .   it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst , derbyshire , on june 26 .   after the war nightingale returned to derbyshire , she had spent her childhood .
charles severance , 54 , was in court for a hearing on thursday .   all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and lodato last year .   severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders .
puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound .   captured on video , the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog .   the shibu inu inu at an american kennel club centre .
housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions .   number of people are currently paying around # 150 a week in flats .   under conservative plans to give tenants chance to buy them with discounts of up to # 102,000 in london , after living in them for cheaper rents .
vincent cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with ; voluntarily signing up for a system that did , oppress them .   many were discharged because of their sexuality , others were raped , assaulted and bullied .   the bill was designed to protect the soldiers by allowing their sexuality a secret .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
majority of the world 's volcanoes are found deep underwater .   they are some of the most violent events on the planet .   now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions .
` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over # 7,000 .   deputies in the national assembly voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate .   around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france .
franck ribery says he has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund .   the bayern munich winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk .   bayern also lost arjen robben in the champions league last month .
a taxi driver in india has been arrested after being accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman .   the driver , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in jaipur .   police said they had taken statements from the woman and her friend .
pensioners john and elizabeth knott lived in an # 500,000 retirement cottage in herefordshire .   but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door .   he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land - and called ` three inches thick '   the knotts had moved to picturesque bosbury after mr knott 's retirement in 2006 .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind tories and labour by 7 per cent .   farage admitted that he had ` made some mistakes ' during campaign .   he said he was confident he could get it back on track .
royal dutch shell plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an .   order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil . rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic .
geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt .   she has been given an indian accent for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds .   thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 2002 .
raheem sterling rejected an offer of # 100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool .   no footballer has ever been late for kick-off .   sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off talks until the summer .
the 6ft vessel was held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish .   they had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue .   anglers had to be rescued from their diy boat .
duli hembrom wrote a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding .   she wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya .   it is due to take place in two days .
researchers at stanford university studied the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race .   teachers tend to see black pupils as more likely to cause trouble in the future if they have misbehaved than those they thought were white .   researchers found that faces seem ` blacker ' and have stronger racial features during an economic downturn .
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day on march 31 when she disappeared to deliver the boy and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors .   her attempt at secrecy was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom .   pappas has been charged with premeditated murder .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for his attempted england comeback .   gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning .   the former england captain also worked as the national side 's batting coach until last year .   pietersen said pietersen had ` wiped the floor with the ecb ' in the pr battle .
shoppers in geneva , switzerland have reported seeing pippa buying the nappies for her new royal niece or nephew .   pippa middleton is said to have invested in # 4-a-piece mull-cloth nappies for sister the duchess of cambridge .   yoomi squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for gadgets on the market in 2015 .
rebecca exton-russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove .   but the model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body .   she lost a further stone herself after she left no 1 boot camp in norfolk .
nathan is due to speak to chelsea next week ahead of a move to stamford bridge .   the brazilian turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with atletico paranaense .   jose mourinho and manuel pellegrini will go to sign nathan nathan .
lily allen was in dubai 's first party in the park at dubai 's film festival .   the dubai international jazz festival has more than visitors in the world .   dubai has a rapidly party life in dubai .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
indonesia 's head of general crimes sent letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including australians chan and sukumaran on thursday .   authorities in indonesia give row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed .   lawyer for nigerian man scheduled for execution with chan says the embassy has been summoned to central java .
julie merner , 39 , has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years .   she vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis .   ' i know if i carry on , i will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me , ' said ms merner .
chelsea are interested in marcus bettinelli in fulham 's 1-1 draw against rotherham united .   bettinelli only made his debut this season and has one more year left on his contract .   chelsea will sit down with him to discuss a new contract from chelsea .
the naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in a public park in haryana state , around 30 miles south of new delhi .   the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk , while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .   india 's honour comes two days after haryana police arrested a man and his son for killing his teenage daughter .
randy lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at aston villa .   the american owner will attend their fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .   christian benteke scored for villa against spurs on saturday .
swastika and word ` scum ' sprayed in white paint on window of offices .   conservative headquarters in scotland sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists '   tory councillor ross thomson posted images of the graffiti on twitter .   comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the scottish referendum .
reading your list of pet hates list of modern life .   secret face-lifts last week was said to be with bushy beards .   janet is one of the most popular men in the world .
england assistant coach andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup .   england will take on the south sea islanders in world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 at england hq .   ireland beat france on the final day of the championship .
cardiff-based proton partners international ltd is to open the treatment centres .   announcement comes weeks after parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya told of how he was given the ` all-clear ' after receiving proton bean therapy .   three centres in cardiff , london and northumberland are set to open offering proton beam therapy .
mike cannon-brookes is the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home .   they are now joint ceos and equal partners to the company , which is worth a reported $ 3.5 billion .   cannon-brookes , now a married father , is known as the ` accidental billionaire ' who co-founded his company atlassian 12 years ago .
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course after a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in february .   hardaker will see him forfeit one month 's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for the club 's foundation .   hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year .
latisha fisher has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at a manhattan restaurant .   the 35-year-old mother allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of 5 boro burger in midtown where she was found holding her unconscious baby boy .   fisher was sentenced to probation under the center for alternative sentencing and employment services program after tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head , arm and ear .
latest polls have two main parties locked on around 35 per cent .   one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than # 10,000 on david cameron 's party to emerge with the most seats .   gambling industry experts say people expect mr cameron to remain prime minister .
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on sunday morning .   the pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries '   if jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs .   jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman .
angelika graswald , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance vincent viafore .   troopers have said viafore was kayaking with graswald on the hudson river april 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall-on-hudson .   prosecutors allege that graswald intentionally caused viafore 's death - but they would n't say how she did it .
lauren bacall , one of hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died in august aged 89 of a stroke in her nine-room home overlooking new york 's central park , which is also on the market for $ 26 million .   hundreds of items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican .   from the humphrey bogart years , he died from cancer in 1957 .
the england international returned from injury to captain the arsenal 's u21 side against reading in the top-of-the-table clash .   wilshere will be hoping to feature in the fa cup semi-final clash with reading later this month .   wilshere has n't featured for the arsenal first team since the defeat to manchester united back in november .
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to freddie , weighing just 2lbs , by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm .   the couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months .   but mr jackson , 21 , a soldier in the army 's royal corps , is meant to report back for service tomorrow .
protest letters delivered to members of spain 's royal language academy .   gypsy secretariat foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination .   also known as roma .
godfrey elfwick appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer .
barbie 's style instagram account features barbie 's ` official style feed '   barbie 's instagram account has ` thousands ' of a million followers .   the doll could be used by top designers in the doll 's popular page .   it is the brainchild of barbie 's vice president of design .
brazil beat malaga 3-1 at the bernabeu against malaga in la liga .   cristiano ronaldo admits a return to top level football .   cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have won the ballon d'or award .
matt o'connor 's team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in boston on saturday .   the ncaa championship game ended 4-3 and was played at the td garden .   bu 's matt o'connor lost track of a puck in his glove .
hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a police officer on thursday while in a vacant apartment .   she was shot by a long beach , california , police officer , who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .   his mother , lucia morejon , was at home when she heard the shots .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday .   gregory van der wiel scored his second goal of the game with a deflected effort on 82 minutes .   luis suarez and an effort for the four-time winners a 3-1 win at the parc des princes in paris .
lucy garrod , 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion , caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens .   miss garrod had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 with no problems , but woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye .   doctors said the ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye .
pierre fulton was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light .   scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead .   now , fulton 's attorney has released a statement .
john elder and armin t. wegner documented case against turkish government .   still denies slaughter of up to 1.5 million armenians constituted genocide .   more than 150,000 armenian children were left parentless by end of 1918 .
crsity collins has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims .   the 30-year-old was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit .   ms collins , who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug , has slammed health services for failing to offer her support .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he 'd crashed .   but he was arrested by police who were at the scene when he stole a forklift and drove off with it .   he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend sam cooke on twitter .   the 25-year-old is very key part of manchester united 's defence under louis van gaal and is one of the best places in england .   manuel pellegrini 's side face manchester city in the champions league on saturday .
kevin gameiro put defending champions sevilla into last four of europa league .   but sevilla boss unai emery said it was one of the keeper 's goalkeeper .   zenit could n't score in the end with sevilla two points up .
former detective tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape , trafficking and beatings in order to pursue ` priority crimes '   targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .   police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff .   targets were considered crucial for satisfying target culture .
white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july .   she started in the post wednesday and is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president .   she says the white house knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job .
ricardo quaresma uses the outside of his right foot to score goalkeeper manuel neuer .   porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday night .   portugal 's win over bayern munich is now in munich .
homeowner dick rothkopf chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills .   the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the homeowner 's trips to italy .   the italian-inspired mansion in the mountains of vail , colorado has gone on sale for $ 29.5 million .
czech immigrants trafficked into uk by roma family on promise of ` better life '   victims were lured to britain but were made to urinate in buckets and eat outside in winter .   jury heard how the workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home and sent to work in dog food factories .   police say victims would be threatened with violence by gang .
le'veon bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league 's substance abuse policy and will be fined a game cheque .   bell was stopped in his chevrolet camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana .   bell was also charged with marijuana possession .
new ebola jab is being given to people living in the west african countries most badly hit by the virus .   scientists hope immunisation is possible with just one injection after ` highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults .   vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus .
tommy connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on facebook out of the blue in december .   mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy .   the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student says he did n't think twice about helping her .
kyle wittstock , 22 , posted photos from the air with the caption ` guess where i am ? '   the paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth , by a strong wind at 3.30 pm on monday afternoon .   the 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter .   mr wittstock was taken to joondalup hospital by emergency services .
the ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis .   mr farage will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg .   he will warn that if the eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from britain , it could lead to millions being given passports .
charlotte s , 94 , was an ss guard in the nazi death camps during the second world war .   only three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .   there were 3,700 women who served as guards at hitler 's death camps .
stana katic left a big cat out of the bag at the independent spirit awards in february 2012 .   the couple married ` in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast '   the castle star 's 37th birthday took place in croatia over the weekend .   she has married longtime boyfriend kris brkljac .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday .   authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river .   she died of freshwater drowning the medical examiner 's office identified the body as houle 's on thursday .
michael slager , 33 , being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before slager shot him , was released to the media on thursday .   scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .   the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in north charleston on april 5 .
british photographer john daniels , 61 , from surrey , has decades of experience working with animals .   used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy backgrounds to capture the photo shoot .   photographer john said : ` baby in a bucket so i ca n't cancel shoots in the british weather '   photographer is a ` model ' by some animal pairings .
stacey tipler used her job to steal # 642,000 from royal marsden nhs trust .   but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , who was the ringleader of the plot , were caught and jailed last summer .   chaplin claimed he ` made nothing ' from scam but was ordered to repay # 28,737.90 within six months or spend 18 months in jail .
the lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light .   the bridge is what links the app to the hi-tech bulbs .   with it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars .
the man ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at sunnybank - located less than five kilometres apart .   the package was sent all the way back to queensland , and was processed at a facility in underwood on april 22 .   the next day it was sent almost 2000kms to sunnybank in new south wales .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity-linked characters in order to score freebies , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $ 2.4 million .   jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president 's personal assistant .   legal papers filed in a south florida federal court saw jackson trick a new york city jeweler into lending him items worth $ 2.4 .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site .   but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection .   doctors say the maggots ate diseased tissue that could have caused a fatal infection .
george at asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby .   asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting from just # 4 inspired by prince george .   average price of a christening has hit # 300 .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez , 25 , found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder .   hernandez 's mother , terri , and his fiancee shayanna jenkins .   lloyd was shot six times in the night on june 17 .
john terry warned arsenal that they will never win the premier league by playing ` tippy-tappy football '   the club 's captain admitted jose mourinho changed the way games after christmas .   chelsea were booed off the pitch to chants of ` boring , boring chelsea '   terry said arsenal will not win the league 's tippy-tappy football and need to adapt .   click here for chelsea transfer news .
three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools .   the move to create a new generation of lifesavers could prevent hundreds of deaths every year .   shadow health secretary andy burnham said the issue was ` close to his heart '   last week labour , ukip and the green party backed the mail on sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum .
danny eckhart was arrested saturday night after allegedly stealing a patrol boat for a joy ride .   no one was injured in the crash .   eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
nick clegg said farage 's ` mask is slipping ' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ` lashing out ' in a scrabble .   lib dem leader condemned david cameron 's appeal to ukip supporters to ` come home '   mr cameron issued appeal to vote ukip to block the tories between laabiur and the snp .   lib dem mp said nigel farage is a ` truly odious nature of his views '   farage said mr clegg is ` victor meldrew in stilts ' and
james lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test .   the former dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by uk anti-doping .   lockwood has spent the last three seasons with featherstone .
juventus moved 15 points clear of lazio atop serie a with 2-0 win over lazio on saturday .   carlos tevez scored juve into the lead in the 17th minute against lazio .   carlos tevez 's goal gives juventus establish a 15-point lead over lazio at the summit of serie a .
bus monitor karen huff klein , 71 , allegedly forced a special-needs classmate to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch at greece athena high school in upstate new york in 2012 .   now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs .   mrs klein said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacker her ` did n't learn any lessons ' on hearing .
disgraced former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .   mcdonnell and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. .   ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
tim sherwood 's villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month .   arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the fa cup final against aston villa on may 8 , 1971 .   arsene wenger 's side at all won the 1979 fa cup at wembley .
mick mccarthy was pictured with his side 's 31st goal of the season .   ipswich were denied three points as wolves fought back to draw 1-1 .   former wolves boss mccarthy described the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' of players .
schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker , police called schultz and reported the sighting .   missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called , ` the search for missy . '   two died in the storm after a deadly tornado hit illinois on thursday and killed his wife geraldine .
jose mourinho said sir alex ferguson inspired him to try to be manager .   the chelsea boss said the manchester united manager showed him ` two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 .   mourinho has been inspired by porto 's porto in the champions league .
cecily hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below .   his 18-year-old son , kale , captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on facebook .   since the teens ' deaths , more than 3,000 people have signed a change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge .
fitness fans paul and laura elliott have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on special day .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .   the pair live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
tens of thousands of aussies reportedly accessing ip address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions .   hbo has warned internet users , who are watching popular tv shows such as games of thrones , the sopranos and girls , will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21 .   hundreds of users have taken to the online broadband forum whirlpool to voice their email about the email .
the former supermodel told red magazine that giving birth has been ` stronger and healthier ' than ever .   christy , who is mother grace and son finn , eight , had just given birth to grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage .   doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief .
dejan lovren has been out of the liverpool team recently .   lovren has made only 16 league starts since he was signed last summer .   emre can and martin skrtel could return against blackburn on wednesday .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville , oklahoma , was charged with child neglect and had her twins taken into care after the death of her three-month-old daughter .   the baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head .   police were called to bell 's home on january 8 after she reported the death .
former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves is part of a documentary ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' on bt sport 1 .   lahm and hargreaves played together at the club from 2000-2007 .   lahm has six bundesliga winners medals .
katherine hadsell says she 's eager for police in norfolk to give ` more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find anjelica hadsell .   hadsell 's stepfather wesley hadsell was arrested unjustly as he took it to investigate the crime by breaking into a norfolk area home .   hadsell had not been named a suspect .
brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking .   compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain .   sarcasm have identified as the lowest form of wits in the first place to be able to recognise it .
hugh roche kelly posted the account on his twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ` tense vibe ' by his actions .   data from berlin to paris confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps .   passenger has praised the pilot for calming nerves .
gertrude weaver was already the oldest person in america , asked president obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july .   the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , where weaver was a resident , confirmed her death and said they were ` devastated by her loss '   weaver inherited the title after the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan .   weaver became the world 's oldest person on wednesday .
ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects .   it may not turn into a bloodthirsty beast in the moonlight , but a peculiar plant does rely on the lunar cycle to survive .   researchers from stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research .
manchester united have announced their plans to revisit the usa on pre-season this summer .   louis van gaal 's shirt sponsors chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the atlantic for a pre-season tour signed off this summer .   united will play in the international champions ' cup on july 30 .
mark selby fell victim of the crucible curse as anthony mcgill beat mark selby .   former crucible semi-finalist alan mcmanus and ronnie o'sullivan could be in line for mcgill .   shaun murphy , who has been named in sheffield one day , is the former world championship champion .
dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg .   his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent .   tory health minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories .
hernandez 's fiancée shayanna jenkins , 25 , hugged the killer 's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for life with no chance of release .   the two sisters were close until aaron hernandez 's murder of odin lloyd left them on june 17 , 2013 .   the once-close sisters have not spoken since that hernandez had a role in lloyd 's brutal death .
manchester city face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .   manuel pellegrini 's side take on manchester united at old trafford this weekend .   sergio aguero and james mcarthur of palace are also interested .
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts .   jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 .   o'neill also has jonjo o'neill-trained box office in the race .
richard hammond took to twitter to reveal he would not be returning to top gear .   the show 's former executive producer has launched a scathing attack on ` meddling bbc executives ' in a top gear magazine editorial .   mr wilman is a childhood friend of clarkson .
five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , texas , are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet .   fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief billy getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board .   the victim came forward in late march to report the alleged attack .
andrew hennells posted details of his plan to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff .   a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch .   hennells fled the scene before he was quickly arrested in a nearby pub with # 410 in stolen cash .
joe calzaghe won all 46 of his professional fights with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week .   the couple took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim .   but after the rain ended up , joe calzaghe is in barbados .
sven goran eriksson was the last manager at city before the club .   city were beaten 4-2 by manchester united at old trafford last weekend .   yaya toure wore a snood in training on thursday .
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in 30 years .   university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit .   paper says gcses ` will not give us a reliable measure ' due to their reform and ` schools ' predictions of grades will be next to useless .
latest icm poll for guardian had tories ahead on 34 per cent .   nate silver believes that neither labour or tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government .   labour were down one point on 32 per cent - down five points from a week ago .
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa .   the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered sydney overnight , with parts of the city 's heaviest rainfall in 100 years .   some users have said it was a sham .
raheem sterling insists he hopes liverpool fans create a chant for him .   the 20-year-old made his liverpool debut in a premier league defeat against wigan in 2012 .   sterling insists it has nothing to do with money and will reassess at the end of the season .
don mclean were sold at auction in new york for more than $ 1 million .   it 's also a paean to education .   mclean loves words , he says .
meghan blalock , an editor of popular style website , says her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin .   in a new article about body acceptance , she is the first to admit that the ` healthy ' size ten , in fashion is an industry .   the 29-year-old editor says she has been a ` high ' for a super skinny size ten .
yougov for higher education school , gsm london , 600 employees and senior executives surveyed to find out biggest resume peeves .   other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information -lrb- wrong contact names and companies -rrb- .   employers prefer a professional quality to a cv with only 26 per cent disliking short resumes .
liam plunkett has recovered from a ankle complaint in yorkshire 's pre-season trip to abu dhabi .   plunkett returned to the england fold last summer in test series against sri lanka and india .   he managed 18 wickets in four tests .
stella maxwell was born to northern irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell .   she was born in belgium and was raised there until she was 13 .   she has now splits her time between los angeles and new york .
townsville nurse maria sevilla and her son will be forced out of the country within 28 days , after ms sevilla 's appeal to the immigration department was unsuccessful .   the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system '   queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the federal government .   ms sevilla said she did not want to be a burden .
zlatan ibrahimovic will be available again when psg meet barcelona on tuesday .   thiago silva and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg .   marco verratti missed the defeat to barcelona in the first leg in paris .
leeds united assistant manager steve thompson has been suspended until the end of the season .   thompson 's suspension has left neil redfearn considering his future at elland road .   thompson was told that he will be suspended until his contract expires .
madonna 's new black crocodile handbag shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on instagram on sunday .   femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department , with designers such as weapons and naked women .   madonna has a gun tattoo and can be seen as madonna 's mock croc ` dealer ' purse .
paul bakewell , 35 , proposed to partner tara barber by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the a34 , in walsall , west mids .   hairdresser tara barber , 32 , pretended they were going to a business meeting on friday morning .   paul left the house at 4am on friday to help put the poster on the giant billboard .
ukip leader said snp was ` openly racist ' by alex salmond .   h e said it was wrong that ukip is called racist .   mr farage said : ` t he snp are openly racist racist '   farage said he is ` astonished ' by how women in newcastle wear on night .
disgraced dj dave lee travis has claimed that his indecent assault trials ` financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive # 4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court .   the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show .   travis was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years .
tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools .   the program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , sydney learning .   eight scot 's students gained ` direct entry ' to the university .
barcelona manager luis enrique insists xavi has a vital role to play in the club 's hunt for the treble .   barcelona star recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd ahead of next season .   xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games during 2015 .
more than 1,000 indian nationals fought to return home to safety .   crowds had started to form outside tribhuwan international airport as darkness fell on saturday night .   crowds had been left stranded after some flights out of capital city were cancelled .
wayne rooney gave rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at everton .   david moyes has been linked with a move to stamford bridge at old trafford .   rooney has scored a debut in the summer of 2013 .
lewis hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for sunday 's chinese grand prix .   the briton is bidding to win his fourth grand prix .   red bull 's daniel ricciardo was third quickest .
tori hester , 25 , from san diego , california , was diving off the coast of mexico when the huge school of trevally fish began .   husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the moment using his underwater camera .   tori 's husband jeff is a marine scientist .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - and claimed marital rape was ` made up ' by europeans .   her right to say no , he was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband .   his religious edict have led sex to rape in marriage .
destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob , who can be heard laughing during the video filmed in trenton , new jersey .   lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches .   people , in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot .
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract in the summer .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers is keen to keep flanagan at liverpool .   flanagan was named on roy hodgson 's standby list .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate in the champions league .   cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have met twice this season .   real madrid , bayern munich , juventus , the big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times .
three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo .   one in seven believe it was the french who were victorious in 1815 .   veeker per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know who led british forces against france in the battle .
rspca officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights .   all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , zula , fenton and mousey , were ordered to be destroyed .   all three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay # 40,000 to the rspca .
seven of slager 's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed walter scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back .   officers also told an internal report that they gave scott cpr , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .   one officer is also present when slager picks up an object - allegedly his taser .
the lib dem leader promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction .   but he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax in affluent parts of london .   clegg said it was ` impossible ' to find savings on savings from welfare budget .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel .   it 's possible to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn stalks and husks - a by-product of farming - into hydrogen gas which can be used to power vehicles .   researchers at virginia polytechnic institute and state university have found the fuel could one day see the fuel being produced locally .
` snowball earth ' theory suggests our planet was once frozen over .   it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa .   temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 °c 2.4 billion years ago .   it suggests that the entire earth was subjected to a ` deep freeze '
tottenham hotspur plan to open new ` world-class ' stadium in just over three years time .   archway sheet metal works fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order .   tottenham announce they will issue 30m shares to raise # 15m for the first stage .
manchester city also have over eight million weibo followers compared to 2.4 million on twitter .   guangzhou evergrande taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world with most weibo followers .   barcelona have 5.4 million followers on weibo .
island is one of the world 's best known community-managed marine protected areas .   turtles are found in tropical and subtropical waters .   it is a feeding ground for sea turtles .
huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home .   this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax .   police said they monitored huskins ' boyfriend aaron quinn after the kidnapping so he would not go to police .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second west indies test in the caribbean .   moeen ali is hoping to take on australia 's two left-arm mitchells in the ashes .   the ashes will be in grenada on april 21 .
eden hazard will be voted pfa player of the year this season .   the belgium international will have to beat manchester united goalkeeper david de gea .   harry kane is the front runners to win the title .
kevin gill , from naples , florida , faces felony charges for bring home an injured eight-inch alligator for his son to nurse back to health .   when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they came across the baby gator - and told gill it was illegal .   it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license .
zinedine zidane is confident psg can beat barcelona and barcelona .   the current ligue 1 champions require three goals in the nou camp .   zlatan ibrahimovic will be available again when psg meet barcelona on tuesday .
palestinian youngster watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away .   incident raised fears palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic violence .   boy was not the candidate to take on israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
prince harry 's visit to remote kununurra region of western australia .   he met village elders and children camped in the outback and taught how to survive a bushfire .   in july , the prince is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in africa .
british no 1 and two-time grand slam champion andy murray marries kim sears in his hometown of dunblane .   murray and sears , both 27 , met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 .   murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament at london 's new wimbledon centre court roof .
so a family in texas returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation , the birds came in through the chimney .   the video maker said he thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows .   the lady says the birds appear to be dying as they lie on the ground .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours .   during the day the trees grow in tropical and mediterranean climates , flower with their ` female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees .   flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen - but now they use their ` male anthers ' to spread their pollen .
the tiny copper coin is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean .   it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath .   experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean .
jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues .   the actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in syria and criticized the un security council for their lack of action .   she has been a goodwill ambassador since august 2001 .
the one-off , travel-themed auction includes a 34-star us flag , with an estimated value of # 10,000 to # 15,000 , from the civil war era .   more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off auction at christie 's south kensington .   filled with historic artefacts , pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners ' travels .
gareth silk let his friends from cwmbran , south wales , were inspired by the hilarious money supermarket advert .   advert was dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and heels .   david rowles , 38 , and his father andrew silk filmed stag stunt .
sarah wilson , 41 , revealed how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the point of continuing '   during a candid interview ms wilson revealed it was a combination of issues .   in ms wilson 's eyes , depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked .   she said ` people get on with their lives ' and that she had n't found a husband nor had children .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in leeds last month .   she will speak out in tonight 's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of the ordeal in her dreams .   west yorkshire police have released a new e-fit of an attacker who tried to murder her in the attack .
michael bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july .   manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night .   bisping is hoping to fight on the world for the first time in his career .
the eight-week-old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees .   the puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage , according to mckamey animal center where the dogs are being treated .   the good samaritan was driving by and saw the box moving when she took the puppies to the animal center for treatment .
adam mcburney was not at his home in county antrim , northern ireland when it was targeted on easter sunday .   neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls .   mr mcburney has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign .
queen letizia met with the relatives of some of the spaniards who died in the crash in the french alps last month .   the flight , which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 spaniards .   queen letizia was joined by her husband king felipe who had hosted 16 pupils from germany .
a second ice cream company has recalled all of its products after health officials found listeria in a sample of its frozen treats .   jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said it is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety .   the company is recalling its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe '   blue bell 's ice cream was linked to ten listeria illnesses in
us alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste .   production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon , us and will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm clean water services .   there will only be ten barrels of beer made .
rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges .   sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the # 5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january .   newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks .
manchester united beat manchester derby 4-2 at old trafford .   manuel pellegrini 's side have lost six of their last eight games .   patrick vieira is in charge of city 's under-21 squad squad .
marseille and paris st germain drew 1-1 with marseille in the ligue 1 title race .   andre-pierre gignac scored the only goal for marseille after half an hour .   zlatan ibrahimovic scored a second goal in the opening minute of the game .
david nicholson , 48 , sent woman explicit messages saying he was ` keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil .   mr nicholson is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an # 150-an-hour escort through an adult website .   the married father-of-four has not returned to costello school in basingstoke , hampshire .
kentucky republican sen. rand paul will launch his campaign tuesday morning in louisville , kentucky with the populist slogan ` defeat the washington machine . unleash the american dream '   an aide to a member of the republican leadership in the house will announce his candidacy for president on april 7 in louisville .   rand paul is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on tuesday .
a masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than # 200,000 from an antiques shop in a mission impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor .   he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ` like a snake ' to avoid infrared security beams .   he spent just eight minutes in the luxury shop before fleeing with # 200,000 worth of stock .
jordan spieth was the championship 's second-youngest winner of all time .   the augusta record-equalling champion was lost in a playoff at the houston open .   spieth said the augusta champion was the best player .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri .   cole was executed tuesday night for killing a man in a fit of rage over child support payments 16 years ago .   he declined to order a last meal and received the day 's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich , a cookie and fruit punch .
cressida dated prince harry for two years in 2012 by princess eugenie .   she is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench .   the pair split last april after rumours they got engaged .
leeds rhinos ' albert kelly has also made the shortlist for the super league player of the month award .   fans have until april 10th to register their votes for march 's competition .   warrington wolves ' matt russell has also been included on the shortlist .
another man was in the car with walter scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his mercedes .   the man , who is not a relative , could be able to shed light on what happened between officer michael slager pulling the pair over .   it has been revealed that the 33-year-old patrolman has been charged with murder after 50-year-old walter scott was gunned down last saturday .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area .   he was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest .   greene suffered minor injuries during the foot chase .
governor david ige has n't decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any issues , as is the case with all bills .   the bill includes a $ 10 fine for first-time offenders .   1,400 people die from tobacco use or exposure in hawaii every year .
prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup .   he says he could envisage a world cup being played in different countries .   prince ali said the confederations should take turns hosting the tournament .
tottenham hotspur goalkeeper hugo lloris will miss sunday 's premier league trip to struggling burnley .   the france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country 's friendlies against brazil and denmark .   roberto soldado is also a doubt for the match at turf moor .
the first lady of north korea has appeared in public for the first time since december as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of kim il-sung , the young leader 's grandfather .   ri sol-ju was last seen in public in december 2014 .   the match was being held at kim il sung stadium on wednesday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
leicester boss richard cockerill believes that this season 's aviva premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action .   the tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday , with only four games left .   leicester tigers rugby director cockerill believes the premiership title race will go to the wire .
atletico madrid host real madrid on tuesday night in the quarter final first leg .   louis van gaal 's side are currently on the champions league quarter-final .   diego simeone 's side have not won the title last season .
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode .   the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia .   the team collected nearly three terabytes of data - about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress .
zoo weekly removed all ` offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook .   the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes .   zoo weekly 's ` special anzac centenary issue ' without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs .
steve mcclaren will be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth lose and norwich fail to win in the premier league .   watford can be promoted for a play-off place if rotherham win win .   sheffield united 's league one will be one in the championship .
liverpool captain steven gerrard suspended from injury in two years .   the brazil international played 90 minutes in sunday 's all-star charity game at anfield .   lucas leiva is suspended for three matches for his return to anfield .
in the hbo documentary documentary thought crimes ` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online .   the film will also be shown on hbo in may .   months before his arrest gilberto valle , a new york police officer , is seen cooking in the film .
jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign .   outrageous conceptual artist and son of a tv star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana .   jasmine dinjar who has painted topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with the cannabis sign .
julian speroni has played a lead role for palace this season .   the goalkeeper will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season .   speroni will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the cyg-11 seaplane uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide .   aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- on 28 litres of fuel .   with a maximum range of 930 miles -lrb- 1,500 km -rrb- , the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155 mph -lrb- 250 km/h -rrb- .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were struck and killed by an amtrak train shortly before 10am on sunday in durham , north carolina .   train no. 80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred on property owned by norfolk-southern .   authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured .
john isner became the first american man to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011 .   isner won the final eight points of the first set .   andy murray will next meet tomas berdych in the other semi final .
in southern germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback .   in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of the weekend celebrations .   the easter horseback parade is held in traustein , germany and dates back to the 18th century .
lesley conman and kerry green 's daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook .   police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .   ms conman 's daughter abbie was sent a message by the man .
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the police force , the city attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor .   the outgoing mayor says they cited ` safety concerns ' in their resignation letters .   mrs byrd insists his daughter has a good relationship with the police department .
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m.   crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters .   crews would search through the night .   ` we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta .
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission 's .   the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between may 1 and june 13 last year .   waqar and siddique are due to stand trial at birmingham crown court on august 10 .
the celebrity chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on a new approach to cooking and eating .   the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the explosive court case .   lisa and francesca grillo were acquitted of fraud by jury .
suge knight was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder .   knight 's attorney said he believes mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on saturday .   mayweather , an undefeated professional worth $ 420 million , is set to land a record pay check .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal .   johnson won his first ufc win since 2011 at th bell centre in canada on saturday .   johnson won the title for the sixth time in the second round .
leslie cooper has appeared in court charged with murdering abdul hadi arwani , and another man was arrested over his death .   they visited the wembley home of burnell mitchell , 61 , who is a director at the community centre where mr arwani used to preach .   leslie cooper , 36 appeared at camberwell magistrates ' court on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
brooklyn nets beat portland trail blazers on monday in the only game on the nba schedule .   deron williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets .   brook lopez led the way for the ninth time in 11 games .
the knightsbridge flat , london , has just three years left on the lease .   the cost would work out at # 191,000 per year , or # 15,000 per month .   it boasts three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a reception room and utility room .
the duchess of cambridge has revealed that prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ` in china '   kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 .   at the party in march , the duchess chatted to luxury travel agent claudia gordon .   she said they would work on his father and prince george was ` not here '
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bayern munich will be without bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery .   frenchman ribery is not yet fully fit following an ankle injury .   bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth .   delivered in only four minutes via c-section , it is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969 .   as the girls are so tiny , they now have six girls .
in the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in iraq 's unesco world heritage city of hatra .   militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars .   eerie music plays in the background .
` your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine , ' kristen said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping .   the mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations changed after the birth of her girls .   kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and star of house , believes that parents take the debate .
manchester united 's new adidas kit for next season have been leaked on to the internet .   they had signed a # 750million deal with sportwear giant adidas to make their kits for 10 years .   nike replaced umbro as united 's kit supplier in 2002 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
orrden williams jr. , who was with a baby , asked the teens to be quiet , and soon after was sucker punched and attacked .   orden williams jr. ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack , and his baby was also almost hit by the teens .   police arrested joe brittman , a student at northwest prep academy who has now been charged with aggravated riot , simple assault and vandalism .
a family overheard a message on their son 's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked .   the boy 's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying , ` look someone 's coming into view '   the stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the device .   technology experts have warned it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family 's baby monitors .
wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order .   chris coleman 's side are currently unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifiers .   wales midfielder danny welbeck could fly on the arsenal training ground .
phil mickelson is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round .   jordan spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters .   at 16 under par spieth broke the record by ray floyd and tiger woods .
the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys .   the firm is also developing an orbital craft .   it will launch from blue origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas .
ivan rakitic living the dream of ivan rakitic with his wife raquel mauri .   rakitic 's team-mate lionel messi 's will confirm he will be a father for the second time .   spanish beauty raquel mauri is the croatia international married in 2013 .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland next year .   the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise .   the capsule will be 10ft -lrb- three metres -rrb- wide and could fit 10 people - but mr bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one for himself .
officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified .   richard hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo , by michael connelly .   the novel was based on real-life bank robbers ` the hole in the ground gang ' who struck three vaults in la in 1986 and 1987 .
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten .   party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list .   but ukip campaign chiefs have now adopted a ` shotgun ' approach .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app .   it allows users to zoom in on streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view .   police released a statement after a picture appeared on google maps street view showing her bearing her size-k breasts .
arsenal ground their way in extra time to return to fa cup final .   alexis sanchez scored two goals for arsenal .   aaron ramsey scored twice as arsenal beat reading .
david cameron was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as david cameron tried to read with her .   ed miliband , ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters .   in 2011 , labour leader ed miliband has also had funny reactions from kids .
sam griner is eight years old and is using his online fame to help out his sick dad .   his mother , laney from jacksonville , florida , set up a gofundme page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications .   sammy is better known as the face of the ` success kid ' meme .
the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world .   the jury recognised gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world '   gittoes , born in southern sydney , has chronicled conflicts in africa , asia , europe and the middle east .   he has just been awarded sydney peace prize .
michael carrick was the ` best player on the pitch by a mile ' , says wayne rooney .   carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup .   england face ecuador in 2009 champions league final on tuesday .
a destroyer equipped with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the english channel along with two other ships .   it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels .   sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on nato war games .
the property , in north west london , has ` superb views ' over a london park .   the couple 's main marital home had been a # 26m ` palatial residence ' in saudi arabia .   but the wife has now been allowed to keep it as part of a legal settlement .
the 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg .   he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash in kansas city , missouri , after being stopped by police .   firefighters followed the fugitive into the north side of the brush creek bridge .
mohammad hafeez , 34 , was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first test against new zealand .   he injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand .   hafeez played as a batsman in pakistan 's international defeat against bangladesh on sunday .
anonymous scientist bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone .   she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air .   she says she has exposed herself to more radiation going intohospital and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea .
filmed in kanchanaburi , the monkey approaches the woman , who holds a banana .   the monkey takes a small bite before slapping her gopro when she got too close .   the lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey was captured on camera .
linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea , coffee , fruit juice and soft drinks in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils at rowdown primary school in new addington , south london .   some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict and that many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water during the school day .   the school has said it a ` joke ' for the headteacher .
lord macdonald qc has said lawyers involved in the decision not to charge lord janner with child abuse in 2007 failed to pass new evidence to him .   janner , now 86 , was able to escape prosecution for eight years until the crown prosecution service said he is now unfit to stand trial due to alzheimer 's .   lord janner said alzheimer 's has left him unfit to face trial .
angelique kerber beat maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 in the second round of the porsche grand prix .   top seed maria sharapova was beaten in three sets by angelique kerber .   madison brengle of the third seed petra kvitova also lost her world no 2 ranking .
kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match at the mgm grand garden arena .   de la hoya believes mayweather will benefit from the appointment of bayless against pacquiao .   bayless will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 .
wakē , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound .   the wall-mounted device creates a ` personal sunrise ' and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner .   it also has built in rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that 's used to differentiate between sleepers .
jericho scott became an internet star after being told he could n't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine .   scott was killed while he sat in a white volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend , justin compress , who was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition .   scott was the star pitcher for will power fitness team in the youth baseball league of new haven in 2009 .
jordan spieth won the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par .   the 21-year-old has scored four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson .   jordan spieth 's first round in south carolina since sunday .
rachelle and chris chapman will be born near laurel 's home in north carolina on may 23 , 2010 .   rachelle had n't seen laurel for nine years but laurel was pushed into a pool .   her husband and son offered to carry the child for their baby girl into the world .
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second champions league final .   england 's david beckham played 106 times for beckham 's boot in 1998 .   simeone 's world cup knock out match argentina won on penalties .
arsene wenger 's side all set to act as pacemaker for london derby .   the arsene vs jose show arsenal 's ` creative team '   jose mourinho 's side face pacquiao match up at the emirates on sunday .   brendan rodgers and cesc fabregas have been in talks at emirates .
prosecutors in fulton county say a judge dismissed the charges against joshua malatino this week .   malatino and his then-girlfriend , samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after the driver of a rival truck claimed they tried to put him out of business .   malatino allegedly offered his rival 's customers free ice cream .
goering , who cheated the hangman at nuremberg , was due to be executed for war crimes .   his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him .   she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal .
salmon in the brooks river runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska .   they will swim against the current to reach the breeding grounds .   the salmon will not eat in the battle upstream , and will be face with a hungry bear .
darren bent has scored seven goals on loan in the championship .   paul lambert was sacked by aston villa in february .   former england striker praised steve mcclaren as the best player .
leicester beat west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill in the premier league at the hawthorns .   jamie vardy scored a goal for leicester in 2005 .   nigel pearson 's side are bottom of the table .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon after she drove a red peugeot towards southend .   some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries .   the pensioner was taken to basildon university hospital as a precaution .
former two-weight world champion haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced .   the boxer also handed over his passport to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .   haye has said the ` bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover .   the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver her son , who the family calls baby l , who she saw for the first time wednesday .   giles ' family said she opened her eyes , but she has finally seen her newborn .
damon clay , 17 , was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping .   officers have arrested quintavious barber and 18-year-old malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child , among other charges .   he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition .
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 .   islam will be the fastest growing religion in the world over the next four decades but christians will remain the largest group in 2050 .   by 2050 in europe , muslims will make up one in ten of the overall population .
dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle , county tyrone .   one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs .   one rider reported visiting a&e to be treated for bruised ligaments after her horse fell .
luke shaw was not fit enough to play for united .   louis van gaal substituted the # 28million defender .   shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from england squad .
karen reidy , 40 , met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in marmaris .   she met sakir on a break after her mother 's death and went on to lose eight stone in weight .   her mother had recently died and she booked the holiday to help her .
essex boy tommy cox and prince george of cambridge are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince 's lookalike .   mrs cox , 35 , a sales and marketing manager , first noticed the similarities between tommy and duchess of cambridge 's son george when the prince was christened in october 2013 .   two-year-old tommy cox from colchester , essex will be two on july 22 .
heather mack , 19 , killed sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort .   mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a sprite bottle .   australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia in 2005 .
the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 as part of the assassination 's 150 anniversary .   two days earlier , it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin .   the chair in which abraham lincoln was shot has been shot in ford 's theatre in washington d.c. on april 14 , 1865 by pro-confederacy actor , john wilkes booth .
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is expected to sell for # 10million at auction .   it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick .   the car was used as the car for the comedy ferris bueller 's day off is up for auction .
the incident happened near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta on thursday .   police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck .   at one point christian fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire .
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday .   meth on the rise had a scoring average of 4.2 or 4.2 .   nicklaus or ` 99 ' shot in the 15th hole at augusta .
england captain alastair cook must beat west indies on return to test cricket .   kevin pietersen will be on the line in antigua on april 13 .   colin graves are high for england after a world cup .
little catalina from america was filmed out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home .   but when her father tells her to clean up her mess at one point catalina 's father 's leg .   her father says her father is to do the cleaning .
southampton have slipped out of the champions league and seventh after a run of three defeats in their last six games .   ronald koeman insists southampton 's goals have increased up due to their premier league rivals .   southampton have found it hard to score more respect .
the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual '   starbucks says a sales register computer glitch has disrupted sales at company-operated stores in the us and canada .   it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon .   the company offered free drinks and baked goods to customers at starbucks ' first-ever store in seattle .
lewis hamilton is top of the 2015 sunday times sport rich list .   hamilton remains on pole position but his fortune has spiralled by # 20million .   hamilton and olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 on friday .
ventura county prosecutors dropped their case against a woman accused of killing her olympic medalist husband david laut .   it came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial .   laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs .
jose mourinho 's side face arsenal in the premier league on friday .   chelsea 's spanish midfielder eden hazard is in line to be named pfa player of the year this weekend .   costa has scored 19 premier league goals this season .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford in the premier league .   wayne rooney scored his sixth goal in eight matches for united .   louis van gaal 's side are eight points clear of champions league .
the gel contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing .   it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white cells and platelets .   u.s. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns .
davon durant was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend kelsi langley claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car march 7 .   durant , a transfer from a kansas college and a five-star recruit , was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion .   she said , she lied about the assault because she was jealous .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday in north wales .   daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea .   she was feared to have drowned .
paul merson admitted he was wrong to criticise england call up for andros townsend .   the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a strike in tuesday 's 1-1 draw with italy in turin .   andros townsend and kyle walker were among players on the pitch .
ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son last month .   their body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26 .   white and thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving noah and his baby sister .
ronnie o'sullivan beat matthew stevens in his second round match against stevens .   referee olivier marteel in second round to reach the quarter-finals .   o'sullivan is said about his behaviour at the crucible .
michelle mone has put on the market so she can buy her husband out of their ` dream home '   she bought the property for # 780,700 after she split from her husband in 2011 .   she spent months renovating townhouse as an ` outstanding interior designed luxury home ' that has been ` impeccably refurbished '   it is being marketed by estate agents corum for offers over # 875,000 .   ms mone set up ultimo underwear business with husband michael in 1996 .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming and could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty .   the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the child sex charges .   the 27-year-old is set to feature at stoke .
raymond townsend , a manager at us limousine on long island , new york , fired an employee for refusing to have sex with him .   he kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she ` had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me '   she was fired after the boss allegedly forced ganci into a bathroom and put his hand up her shirt in 2009 on a day when his wife was not at work .   she
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january .   the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , google hangouts .   some of the conversations were sexual in nature .
marine animals near north america , antarctica and new zealand are most likely to die out .   one in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change .   one in six animals are at risk of extinction .
the sweet dessert is on sale at the wicked waffle cafe in north end , portsmouth .   customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , they are awarded the meal for free and a winners ' t-shirt .   the unhealthy dessert contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 huge scoops thick ice-cream and four flakes .
four out of ten think prince charles should give up his right to be king .   only 43 per cent believe he should stand aside in favour of his son .   william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family .
xavier denamur , microwaved and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved .   france 's ` gastronomic meal ' gave birth to haute cuisine and the michelin guide .   last year , the country gave us the croissant , coq au vin and moules mariníères .
james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' as focus on cristiano ronaldo 's appeal .   los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when he is in the side .   the 23-year-old is also described as the jewel in real madrid 's crown .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .
towie 's jessica wright is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign .   the 29-year-old has been announced as the face of ann summers ' swimwear .   towie star is first ever celebrity to front ann summers .
a historic spacex launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather .   but more bad weather is forecast .   spacex is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean .
natalie whitear , 35 , struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd .   mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness .   condition is so severe mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or children .
excavation remains of other canivores including cave bears , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were also living there .   researchers found several cave bear fossils may have lived alongside predators in a cave in spain .   remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside neanderthal camps .
west ham defeated al whidat 2-0 in the amman derby on sunday .   mohammad shatnawi scored an own goal for james collins .   mohammed shatnawi scored the ball over his head at the weekend .
bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton as manager eddie howe set club records .   they scored with their first shot on target in the 70th minute .   callum wilson scored a finish in the lead with david stockdale scoring .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings against west indies in antigua .   broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 tests .   broad and jimmy anderson are an outstanding wickets .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world .   tiger woods will win the tournament winner 's board four times .   the former best player in the game at augusta ranked a 111th .
nicklas bendtner was dropped from the wolfsburg squad for sunday 's draw against schalke as punishment for training on friday .   the denmark international was due to start the match .   bendtner has only scored once in 16 league appearances this season .
marcos rojo went away during a week off for united 's 3-1 victory over aston villa .   the argentina international is under louis van gaal in his first season .   fitness instructor sarah watson , 34 , claims rojo and his family tried to frame her for blackmail .
mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund .   the german centre-back has been linked with a move to manchester united .   the germany defender has admitted again he may leave the club in the summer .
detlef guenzel chopped polish-born into small pieces while listening to pop music .   ` he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead '   state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison .   stempniewicz , 57 , went on trial in august over killing of wojciech stempniewicz .
donny ray williams slipped an intern in 2010 before having sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say .   he 's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations .   the decision to give williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation .
american band are inspired by radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' and their songs feature violent imagery .   video for the first single on the group 's album reveals her love of alternative group poliça .   miss leaneagh , 33 , described her music as ` rhythm-driven sex noise '   says she has ` i dream of you , oh my strangler '   says she wants to make ` cool ' poliça .
david cameron 's party , on 36 per cent of the vote , has moved ahead in the last fortnight as labour , the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped .   labour is on 32 per cent , ukip on ten per cent and the greens on five per cent .   some 66 per cent say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction .   participants praying to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections .   participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanamara festival .
kylie jenner 's rumoured boyfriend tyga , 24 , and sister khloe kardashian .   as the kardashian-jenner clan , kylie jenner was nine years old .   she has been one of the tween clan with a ticket .
twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature .   users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet .   the tweet will then be shared with your followers as a quote tweet .
megan sheehan , of san francisco , was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at santa rita jail .   she had been arrested for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. patrick 's day of 2014 .   she said she was guided to the ground after ` violently punching ' security and body camera footage shows sheehan being booked into the jail .
google co-founders larry page and sergey brin ' plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images .   the site offered access to 250 million images .   web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links .
mark-francis vandelli is a bulgari bulgari chrono 42 , a cartier tortue collection privée and a rolex yellow gold oyster perpetua .   mark-francis 's most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase and bought from a shop in chelsea .   the 26 year old has now owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds .
manny pacquiao has claims his trainer freddie roach is ready to face pacquiao after years .   the pair will go head-to-head in las vegas on may 2 .   pacquiao 's trainer believes his man will beat mayweather in may 2 .
the body farm is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff 's office .   five to ten bodies from usf 's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter heinrich practical training center .   it has the potential to offer forensic scientists and law-enforcement investigators a chance to see what happened to the bodies when they are left in florida elements .
gary mabbutt has been left with a 30inch scar on his left leg after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged .   the ex-tottenham and england star was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 .   surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal it .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday night .   john terry 's challenge on falcao was sent to eden hazard 's opening goal .   chelsea captain john terry had come in with united striker radamel falcao .
chelsea manning has started a twitter account from prison in kansas .   she is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud .   she gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine .
nine out of ten feel stressed if their phone battery run out .   but it could run for 17 days on a single charge .   sir james dyson has investing # 10 million in battery experts sakti3 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
daniel agger banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing mattias jorgensen in the head .   daniel agger is involved in a physical battle with copenhagen striker andreas cornelius .   denmark and brondby are fourth in the league .
daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club .   spurs sold forward gareth bale to real madrid in 2013 for a # 85 million transfer fee .   manchester united and manchester united were also interested .
the video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old .   the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of during their investigation .   the pair were charged with attempted murder and related crimes .
chelsea and manchester city willing to pay # 13 million clause for jose luis gaya .   the 19-year-old spaniard is keen to return to italy after 11 premier league games this season .   gaya is a key player for valencia .
the group has put together a team of ` extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable .   it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ` unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online .   the initiative , dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science , will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale .
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle .   every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface .   the changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun 's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior .
much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as ` high tech ' and ` modern '   the use of public funds to be criticised by south koreans - as officials will lift # 2.4 million to the makers of the new movie to ensure the film .   the south korean government had offered the studios $ 20m to ensure
the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia .   it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago .   if true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation .
the age had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series .   the weekend australian went with ` the voice of our endless summers falls silent '   the front pages of saturday 's australian newspapers featured moving tributes to richie benaud , the former australia captain and cricket commentator , who has died aged 84 .   benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in france .   the french forward suffered the injury during the 1-1 draw with everton .   gomis is put through his stretching exercises in two to three weeks .
the work titled double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a shakespeare play about a spanish nobleman .   theobald , a known scholar of shakespeare , mounted his play at drury lane theatre in london on december 13 , 1727 .   he said it was a re-working of an original by the bard and had three original texts .
kim richards bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program .   richards , 50 , was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer .   richards stormed out of an interview with dr phil mcgraw after her arrest last week .
social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days , and post their findings with the hashtag #movingskyewards .   findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users .   campaign team involved five danes and three scots set out in march .
leeds striker steve morison admits he is surprised by chaos at elland road .   former leeds captain trevor cherry says he has never been sacked by the club .   morison scored leeds ' goal in 2-1 win at leeds .
the swim tee by land 's end provides upf 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by the skin cancer foundation .   the top is made from 91 per cent nylon and 9 per cent lycra spandex .   it 's sold on gwyneth paltrow 's goop site .
republican lawmaker from north dakota , randy boehning , has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights .   claims he was outed as part of a smear campaign by a rival .   smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story , and explicit photo to the press .
qpr 's matt phillips now has seven assists in 2015 .   lionel messi has made more assists this year than any other player .   wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga this season .
rhiannon taylor , 29 , travels the world reviewing beds , pools and room service for her job .   she has travelled the world from indonesia to the us and mexico .   she also works with companies who sell travel products including luggage and swimwear .
steve tempest-mitchell , from bradford , lost 16st after surgery 14 months ago .   decided to go through with operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control tennis ball .   former bomb disposal expert says he has a new lease of life .
thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season .   cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california and coated the mountains in snow .   in the sierra , up to 6 inches of snow was expected above 7,000 feet .
about 3,200 malawians have sought refuge in temporary camps amid the chaos .   south africa 's influential zulu king denied whipping up xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes .   they were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days .
melbourne and adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the ` blood moon ' as it lit up the sky .   wet and cloudy weather was to blame in sydney , where the sydney observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58 pm .   brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather .
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot .   the image shows a stone-faced arias dressed in an orange prison uniform .   she later said she flashed the grin because he wanted to break off their relationship .   she plans to appeal the conviction .
brian nicol , 32 , dived into swimming pool at villa in costa del sol .   friends dragged mr nicol , who was born in glasgow , out of water and tried to save him .   officers said early evidence suggests death was tragic accident .
sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around # 74,000 .   average sale prices are typically # 74,000 higher at # 281,000 .   online estate agent emoov said sellers still believed they were selling at the market 's peak .
member of the armed forces has received # 709,000 in compensation for bullying .   the settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by ministry of defence .   last year mod gave a total of # 81.9 million in compensation to members of armed forces for injury , death and property damage by the mod .
natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa , in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road .   she slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene .   police said the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions .
landlady patsy lord was told by owners to close for ` inventory ' but returned two days before it was due to be marked as a listed building .   it was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by hitler 's bombs .   westminster city council is now considering legal action against the developers .
messenger is currently 18 miles above mercury after nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit .   they are thought to have formed as mercury has cooled and contracted .   it is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on 30 april .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition , looking at whether there was any family conflict , interventions from social services or unemployment .   other factors include viral infection , birth weight and early weight gain .   they suggested damaging events in childhood could affect beta cells and raise insulin demands to cope with elevated levels of stress hormones .
clarence david moore , 66 , admitted to being a fugitive who escaped from a north carolina prison in 1972 .   moore suffers from several medical conditions and can not walk , but because he has no social security card of id , he has been unable to receive medical treatment .   sheriff pat melton says moore was at the former polk youth institute in kentucky , serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free june 10 , 1972 .
nicolas sarkozy is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country .   images of sarkozy 's party in paris two days later .   on sunday , sarkozy should have paid off from his own funds .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in leeds last month .   police investigating the case have come across cctv that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night .   he also stalked three other women .
gen nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of japanese airspace , and no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way .   nakatani said the nation 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object .   nakatani addressed the ` alien question ' after an mp about potential alien invasions .
the number of gps from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade .   foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five .   doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years .
tyecka evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter who was left home alone while the mother was out dancing last week .   evans initially told police she woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head .   evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months .
elle macpherson turned 51 last month .   she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit .   she uses to check her state of alkaline .   body 's ph or alkaline body can defend against sickness and disease .
thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the thames with a fake missile launcher on its roof .   the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge in reading .   the reported weapon was found to be a dummy .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron 's conservatives party .   shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years .   figures show 70 per cent believe a labour government would be a ` catastrophe ' for the economy .
lukas podolski insists he is prepared to fight for arsenal next season .   the german world cup winner is on loan at inter milan .   the german forward has yet to score in serie a in january .
manchester city beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on saturday .   jose mourinho 's side have lost six of eight games last season .   jose mourinho even offered support to manuel pellegrini .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc .   mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson who helped revamp top gear into the corporation 's most popular programme , is free to reunite with the team on a rival channel .   the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or british broadcaster .
trevor cherry has branded the six players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club .   neil redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six leeds players pulled out at late notice .   striker antenucci used twitter to defend himself .
kimberley donoghue , 28 , from south wales wore her leg in plaster under her dress .   she was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before the wedding .   kimberley and new husband calvin , 29 , took their party in the summer .
critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists .   one case involves a family of nine britons .   three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 .
crew of admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , have come up with an old mig-15 engine to the front of a tractor .   russian sailors on board carrier also have a tractor .   debris on carrier can keep the deck clear of debris .
the us national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record .   but not teenager collin burns completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds , breaking the world record .   collin burns is 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds .
o'shae smith told judge he shot a rival gang member for being ` in his hood '   ` sir , east lake courts is not your hood ' , statom said she wanted to show smith he was n't ` in control everywhere '   tennessee judge lila statom has become a viral sensation with her take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as his hood .   statom said he shot kendre allen , 18 , in the hip while in her house .   smith ,
jason holder did in antigua and marlon samuels for west indies in second test .   the culture phil simmons is hoping to create as new west indies coach .   they will inspire mike atherton with allan donald at trent bridge .
the married at first sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after he was too ` unattractive ' for her .   they all return home on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series .   ` day one is i have a crush on my husband ' says ryan .
users of the sleep cycle app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone .   by looking at results from 944,000 people , including 75,000 from the uk , researchers found the british had the seventh most disturbed sleep out of 50 countries surveyed .   the app then comes up with a ` sleep score ' for the user .
sania mirza became the first indian woman to claim the family circle cup title .   the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , casey dellacqua and darija 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes .   mirza has won 14 successive doubles matches with hingis .
rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ` am i being executed ? ' was a paranoid schizophrenic who did n't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life .   gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia .   the irish priest appointed to be gularte 's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions .
andrew danziger claimed virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between kansas and iowa in april 1989 .   the aircraft captain said the ufo initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ` giant red ball '   mr danziger , who flew president obama 's campaign plane , has seen a ufo flying through the sky .   mr danziger recalled that his plane had left kansas city international airport .
ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically in seats to keep the tory leader as prime minister .   farage dropped his demand that mr cameron before any election deal .   mr farage said he believed many were in ` hearts ' to referendum .
the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario , as well as five u.s. states - new york , pennsylvania , indiana and kentucky .   two friends and their four sons traveled from montreal , quebec to eat at the original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin , kentucky .   for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc .
australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant .   the two-time world champion was filmed training for the 2016 rio olympics the day before she went into labour .   emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on monday .
the tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions .   the entry level se is from # 16,000 to # 19,000 .   it 's also a five-year unlimited mileage warranty .
french handball star nikola karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case .   karabatic , a olympic gold medalist , and his younger brother luka were banned by the french league two years ago for betting .   karabatic 's lawyer said the trial will likely take place within months .
mathew tait was caught by vunipola during the match at allianz park .   the incident occurred in saracens ' 22-6 win over leicester .   billy vunipola has also been cited for striking saracens ' kelly brown .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands .   they were arrested as part of operation captura , a drive launched in 2006 .   mcdonald had been hiding in spain but it is believed he based himself in spain .   monk is wanted on suspicion of conspiracy to supply cannabis .
jordan rhodes face liverpool in the first full house at ewood park since 2011 .   rovers rejected a # 12million bid from hull city for scotland international rhodes .   blackburn boss gary bowyer has said he can become an ewood park hero .
tories claimed russian leader vladimir putin would be happy with miliband as prime minister because he can not be trusted not to sell out in a ` grubby ' deal with the snp .   defence secretary michael fallon led a assault on the labour leader claiming he is a ` backstabber '   business and skills minister nick boles said the russian president would ` stab the uk in the back '   he said : ` it 's a red line , i 'm not to keep our trident submarines ? '
jordan sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney , texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to raymond howell , jr. .   sharifi discovered raymond 's body in a rain culvert after the boy 's mother called to ask him if he 'd seen her son .   when he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch , he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name .
adrian peterson is to meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement .   minnesota vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the commissioner 's exempt list due to a child abuse case .   the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15 , but peterson will meet this week .
lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off .   the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago .   crew appear to pass the pen used by the female passenger in the assault on fellow traveler as he slept .
mike holpin has fathered 40 children by 20 different women .   he still has an active online dating profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be .   father of 40 mike holpin said to have cost taxpayers # 4.3 million in benefits and other costs .
chris ramsey scored a late cesc fabregas winner in the west london derby .   chelsea beat chelsea at loftus road on sunday night .   qpr boss chris ramsey ca n't see his side crouch at bay .
sally gordon-smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm .   she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair .   police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning .
ministry of defence 1 was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill .   he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions .   churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford , essex , but lost in the elections .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , asked the teenager to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts , durham crown court heard .   the father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the nhs , but has now lost everything because of a ` moment of madness '   his lawyer said the attack took place during a routine appointment in july 2012 when the girl went to maung complaining of chest pains .   maung texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused .
anand iyer ditched his job to spent time at home in san francisco .   he ` felt terrible ' about his little girl ava , iyer said .   iyer said : ' i do n't want to say that he did n't know what happened '   his wife shreya , 34 , is a recruitment manager at data .
daniel sturridge will again be absent for tuesday night 's trip to hull .   the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues .   brendan rodgers has vowed to do ` what is best ' as liverpool striker may not play again this season .
geoffrey kondogbia is a liverpool target and has interested over 100 league appearances for lens , monaco and sevilla .   the french midfielder was a key player for france with paul pogba at the under 20 world cup .   kondogbia has also interested in arsenal in recent years .
ambra battilana , 22 , refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after making the allegation against weinstein .   battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt .   battilana is a former miss italy finalist .
48 per cent thought they should be free , while 31 per cent say they are too high .   they topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer direct line , followed by atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel .   parking charges topped the list of fees and fines in england a record # 667million last year .
manchester city face aston villa at the etihad stadium on saturday .   umecano upamecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level .   monaco , inter milan and paris st germain also expressed interest .
gary neville believes manchester united have a good chance of beating chelsea with the form .   louis van gaal 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city on sunday .   united face manchester city at stamford bridge on sunday .
women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four .   nancy dell ` olio , josie gibson , jamelia and susanna reid are all the pressure on social media in aid of a new campaign .   former big brother star ms gibson , 30 , shared her first unfiltered selfie in aid .
christian benteke rescued aston villa from the drop zone .   charlie austin scored his 17th goal of the season 12 minutes from the end .   tim sherwood 's side were set to drop into the bottom three .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment .   she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .   the late crespo 's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving mrs. crespo is a cold-blooded killer .
jay rutland , 34 , is married to daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone .   company bring in # 3,378 over the 12 months to july 2014 .   training consultant 's firm brigante business is in london .
kyle seitz , 37 , of ridgefield , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation .   his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf .   seitz forgot to take his son benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work .
freddie gray , 27 , was arrested last sunday in baltimore , maryland , by four officers for an undisclosed violation .   he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest at the university of maryland shock trauma center .   gray was taken by a prisoner transport van from the ` crime ' last sunday .
joseph o'riordan , 74 , stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after being knifed in the torso , chest , arms and back .   a close friend told how o'riordan was ready to let her have sex with another man once a month as long as she stayed with him , his trial heard .   brighton crown court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs .
emma forbes , 49 , sold that seven-bedroom home for # 43 million in february .   she and her hedge fund boss husband graham clempson , 51 , bought it for # 18.5 million in 2007 .   ms forbes made a profit on the sale of her previous flat in chelsea .
cosmopolitan editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine did n't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson .   but she says the award is given to inspiring women in times of ` triumph and adversity '   ` she was reader nominated and reader-voted , ' mccahon said on the dan and reader-voted breakfast show this week .   gibson , 23 , says her magazine had failed to hand over money .
daniel steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in raleigh , north carolina , but died in the early hours of sunday .   steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder .   her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for .
charlie chaplin 's divorce papers lay bare star 's ` cruel and inhumane ' treatment of his teenage bride during their marriage .   on the pairs wedding night chaplin was also said to have tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant .   divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated # 15,000 when they go under hammer in plymouth .
uninsured sports car smashed into a tree in the adelaide suburb of north brighton .   passenger was badly injured after the driver of the ferrari , bought only a week ago .   his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries .
uk oil & gas investments has backtracked on its claims the uk could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the north sea and kuwait .   but ukog 's chairman david lenigas said the oil would create thousands of jobs .   the oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near gatwick airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin , covering surrey , sussex and kent .
three federal court judges ruled that vella , 61 - who is regularly described as a millionaire businessman , be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president 's visa while overseas in his native malta last year .   the court this week banned him from australia and police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping , extortion and drug dealing .   the federal court ruled unanimously against alex vella re-entering the country .
jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season from manchester city .   manuel pellegrini says the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent .   celtic are keen to retain the services of the defender .
chantelle doherty was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man where she bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky .   her friend martin lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work .   doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast .   raheem sterling was in fine form as pundit for saturday 's premier league clash at the emirates .   steve mcmanaman also defended his honour .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday .   ea sports ppi is official player rating index of the premier league .   austin has scored 16 goals in his last six premier league games .
rudy gestede has put premier league clubs on alert .   the 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the championship for gary bowyer 's side .   blackburn striker rudy gestede is playing in the premier league next season .
local refuse collector has been exposed as rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway .   his antics were captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester , who had been dumping the bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street .   it was captured on video installed by resident zed liaqat .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire have been crowned youth alliance south cup champions for this season and face oldham in the national final on monday .   central defender tingey , 18 , scored 40 yard free-kick against swindon in 5-3 win for mk dons under-18s .   kyran and wiltshire are set at carrington for uefa u19 youth league competition .
jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years .   she wishes the duchess of cambridge would change her hair for once .   jodie , who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend , said she does not fancy prince william .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's facebook account .   it was ` liked ' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it .   several facebook users have left comments roasting the hogs breath .
jurgen klopp announced he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   borussia dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke , klopp and michael zorc of dortmund .   klopp has won two bundesliga titles and the champions league final .
casey 's new line is full of boho frocks and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season .   casey has unveiled her summer collection with honeyz.com in full .   she 's the big brother star and glamour model casey batchelor .
more than 1,700 chinese students took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open .   the school said the reason behind the move was the lack of sufficient indoor space .   some of the students believe it could help to prevent cheating .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey nissan micra .   but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost , bristol crown court told .   prosecutors have been accused of losing a nissan micra at the centre of a double murder case .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .   he is facing 44 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .   ludwigsen was fired from his job at a christian school in new york last month .
google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock drop .   it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $ 94 million at the time he relinquished the ceo 's job .   schmidt also pocketed a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .
incredible weather event took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk , and shows the snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness .   video maker captured the storm and captures the cloud moving overhead .   warm weather is thought to have caused the cyclone .
adnan januzaj had turned out for the under 21 side at fulham on tuesday night .   manchester united winger could be farmed out on loan next season .   adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championship in sheffield .
tutor colin turnbull , 69 , was found in a ` compromised position ' with rozina khanim by a governor at the # 13,000-a-year catholic private school in edgbaston , birmingham .   the school 's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day .   mr turnbull has worked at the school for nine years .
chinese estimates of pyongyang 's nuclear production exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs .   under the kim dynasty north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations .   the pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their upscale tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 .   she claimed she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ` mouthy '   she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say she was suffering from mental illness .   now in an exclusive interview if she regretted the shooting
donnell graham fatally shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning .   the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man , 25-year-old kristopher pittman , had been killed by gunshots to the chest .   darryl schock , a maintenance and security worker at the motel , said he was in the breakfast room around 3 a.m. schock .
the clinton foundation will continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six .   the foundation 's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women 's rights .   clinton resigned from the board 's board last week .
two men accused in the robbery-murder of a 22-year-old university of kentucky student pleaded not guilty in a lexington court on monday .   the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young ohio native in the early morning hours friday .   smith is also charged with tampering with evidence .
ss sergeant oskar groening is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp .   auschwitz survivors and relatives of murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old oskar groening - who may well have met their loved ones .   groening , known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' for his role in the camp in nazi-occupied poland .
denim designer bettina liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $ 130,000 by the australian tax office .   ms liano 's sister of real housewives of melbourne 's gina last year relaunched her eponymous jeans label last year .   liano 's denim empire started in 1986 in 2013 .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday .   it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years .   in january , a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in point reyes .
jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin rope over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length .   mr mcdonald , who volunteers at the farm , has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes , said he thought this would be an new way with the slackline .   two of the reptiles live more than 50 of the hungry alligators .
preston north end striker kevin davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on tuesday .   davies ' latest injury is self-inflicted as the england international inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw .   simon grayson 's side sit second in the table - eight clear of third-placed mk dons .
kelly ripa was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday .   her friend dr fredric brandt had died .   the live with kelly & michael co-host wore a frown as she left the building alone .
ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the road in 2013 .   mr stewart spends his days with ashley and felicity stewart 's dogs lilly and rosie on their farm , near esperance in western australia .   mr stewart decided to drive down to a dam on the couple 's property in wittenoom hills , 60 kilometres from esperance , and loaded lilly , a border collie , into the truck bed .
jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies '   the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants .   ms bennett has been dating mr jepps for five years with david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg .   he said he is a ` private individual not involved in party politics ' ms bennett 's profile
the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids on july 29 .   the fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe and head coach mauricio pochettino is back to the us after the club 's tour last summer .   wayne rooney came with david beckham as manchester united played in the mls all-star match in 2011 .
trott , england 's rock at no 3 for four years before his return home from the 2013-14 ashes series in australia with a stress-related condition .   test captain alastair cook said england will not be able if trott can be a batsman for international cricket .   jonathan trott is expected to play in antigua this year .
greg gibbins and his friends were at beachcomber hotel in toukley on sunday night before they went to a nearby eatery where he was stabbed in the chest .   police said that they believe the attack on mr gibbins was ` unprovoked ' and described him as being ` good citizen who had been ' himself '   mr gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest but later died at gosford hospital .   police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the football player .
patrick henry kelly , from eden prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .   alleged stalker allegedly bombarded her with emails , calls and presents , including bottles of wine and sausages .   maria lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current 's website as she said she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal .
england 's withdrawal from the historic victory shield for under 16s .   officials in scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke , with no warning .   the fa say they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics .
bayern munich beat porto 3-1 at the nou camp in the champions league .   pep guardiola 's side are now on a ` terror in munich ' after 2-0 win .   guardiola 's trousers were lead on the top of his leg during the game .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor were crowned their division 's player of the year on sunday .   ipswich town 's daryl murphy was second in the voting after the net 24 times this season .   preston north end 's garner in league one 's top ten was mk dons ' dele alli .
doctors in kurdistan are breaking the law by performing abortions on yazidi girls who have been released after being held as sex slaves in the islamic state .   some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when islamic state fighters attacked yazidi villages last summer .   some yazidi girls are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to ` reverse loss of virginity ' on the victims .
the man , who has not been named , was pulled up from the rails of the washington , d.c. , metro system by two men who leaped down after him .   the incident comes under a week after a man was rescued after falling onto subway tracks in philadelphia .   the man only had minor face injuries .
out of every # 100 spent by these 28 countries aid budgets fell by 0.5 per cent in real terms .   uk increased its spend by 1.2 % to # 11.7 billion in 2014 .   australia cut its foreign aid by 7.2 per cent to # 1.1 billion .
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year , according to the french national union of bookshops .   it comes as a special magazine supplement from philosphie which focused in the koran also saw a spike in sales .   experts believe his sales have shot up by 30 per cent since the attacks .
a singer posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from kingfisher feathers .   web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare .   the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the birds .
philip garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service .   he pleaded guilty and was fined # 650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies .   garrod had claimed he was rushing to work after he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the a470 at dolgellau in north wales .
karen davis flashed her k-cup breasts on google street view .   south australian law professor believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that it was an illegal act .   the 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola ` would not go to a club like manchester city '   guardiola will see out his three-year contract with the german champions .   guardiola joined in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at barcelona .   he has been linked with a possible move to last season .
danel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point , alabama , when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog .   stray bullets hit danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks , it was claimed .   the bullet had narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month 's general election .   thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago .   thorpe called speculation that ukip wanted him to stand at the election against ed miliband ` total rubbish '   england selector mick newell will not be voting as tory cricket boss .
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors .   they 'll also serve five years on probation .   she was the only one of the accused to avoid jail after she took a plea deal and was sentenced to 5 years , with 1 year of home confinement and curfew .
lawyer 's wardrobe is one of the top human rights lawyers in the uk .   she is married to george clooney in venice , italy last september .   from prada and alexander mcqueen , the 37-year-old has been married .
gerry pickens , 28 , is suing orting , washington , after vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car .   the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in a northwestern town had his suv sprayed with the n-word over a racial discrimination case against town authorities .   pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents .
ian rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality .   ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned .   # 50 haunted dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on .
prisoner syed viqaruddin is understood to have asked police van to stop in a deserted area while they were en route to a court in hyderabad .   the incident came two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead as they tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape .   the five men were all killed in the shooting - just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries .
deborah kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop her skin cancer spreading to her brain .   the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 .   she hopes to repeat the event annually and has so far raised over # 10,000 for the royal manchester eye hospital .
students at melbourne high school st peter 's college were drinking from a bubbler on campus for more than a year .   the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months and is no longer in use .   in a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal admitted that ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain .
teenager from blackburn , lancashire , has been remanded in custody .   he is said to have encouraged the 18-year-old from melbourne to carry out another decapitation on a ` lee rigby style ' massacre .   five other men have been arrested by australian counter-terrorism officers .
chelsea are forced to sell players to balance the books at chelsea .   united boss louis van gaal will be without michael carrick , marcos rojo and daley blind for premier league clash at stamford bridge .   jose mourinho claims it 's ` hard but more fun ' being chelsea manager in new fair play era .
secretary of state john kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it .   ' i think john kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods , hoping the iranians would n't say much about it , ' he said .   the president 's deputy national security adviser said it was ` naïve ' for mccain ` to believe every word of the supreme leader 's political
temperatures in the south could reach 23c by wednesday .   devon , somerset , bristol and cumbria has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6 .   punters can get 5/1 that the mercury will hit 100f -lrb- 37.8 f -rrb- set in 1949 will be broken this year .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family .   he was picked up by u.s. immigration on friday and a judge signed an arrest warrant on monday to extradite him back to utah .   he is being held at a facility in san diego until he can be extradited to utah .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl .   she was caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain .   quilligana is charged with first degree assault of a child under 10 years old and criminal mischief and will appear again in court on april 22 .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .   his mentor ricky wilson is his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc .   leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months with men hitting the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months .   social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships .   25 to 34-year-olds make 22 friends via facebook , compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who make 12 , and 35 to 44-year-olds who will have made just four .
hillary clinton 's secret service-approved campaign van , nicknamed ` scooby , ' was photographed outside jones street java house during a campaign visit on april 14 in le claire , iowa .   at tuesday 's stop people recognized her .   clinton ordered a chicken bowl with guacamole , a chicken salad and income inequality .
amir khan is training for his fight against chris algieri on may 29 .   the 28-year-old was knocked down six times during the fight .   khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 2 .
jessica ennis-hill will take on katarina-johnson thompson , 22 , at next year 's rio olympics .   britain 's golden girl of athletics will compete against katarina johnson-thompson in austria at the end of may .   ennis-hill wants to be on the track nine months after the birth of son reggie .
dietrich evans , 22 , was arrested on suspicion of shooting kay hafford in the head in a road rage attack .   kay hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head but was able to pull over and call for help .   ms hafford agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and evans has now been charged with aggravated assault .
artist megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer .   she could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity .   tokyo police arrested her again in december on three counts of distributing ` obscene ' data .
james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before moving to his roots in the lake district .   he was born with his sheep on a year in the life of james rebanks , his family has been farming in his lake for years .   the book is no longer available in the district .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , claimed in a prison interview on wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances to stancil 's 16-year-old brother .   stancil said lane tried to take advantage of his brother , but he was in the proposal to try to and found his brother .   stancil said he is a neo-nazi who is concerned about the future of white children .
chris robshaw has talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio .   the couple attend olivier awards at the royal opera house on sunday .   robshaw was caught on camera in barbados with camilla kerslake .
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more ` grid girls ' before races .   the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by in a male-dominated sport .   the use of models is the le mans 24 hours sportscar classic .
the falklands islands are defended by a squadron of raf typhoon aircraft operating from mount pleasant aerodrome on west falkland .   the aerodrome also operates as a search and rescue location with sea king helicopters .   the details could be used as ` an invasion guide ' by argentina .
henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown .   the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers .   he will stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last august .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy in turin on tuesday night .   three lions manager roy hodgson has impressed the 23-year-old winger .   townsend has yet to score at the juventus stadium for england .
evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes .   the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .   her video received three million views .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage in south seattle .   driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage .   complaints reportedly included neck and back pain .
airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida .   jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as saudi-led campaign to defeat rebels loyal to yemen 's deposed president ali abdullah saleh .   attack on dairy factory comes as saudi arabia prepared to launch ground invasion in yemen .
a 30-year-old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 .   hollie 's experience led the sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on facebook on saturday .   she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue in her legs and feet .
out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say alice smellie .   sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes .   sun cream contains uv filters which fall into two main categories .
mark selby lost 6-3 to selby in the china open semi-final .   the world champion will face tournament debutant kurt maflin in the first round .   selby is one of only 21 players in history to have hit 147 breaks .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league semi-final .   leandro silva scored a hat-trick for porto against porto .   jose mourinho 's side face leicester on sunday in the premier league .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
sam allardyce is already making plans for the summer and next season .   allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season and his future .   west ham face stoke city on saturday as both sit on 42 points from 31 games .
five afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across britain .   it is thought the migrants had climbed into the british-registered truck in belgium before crossing the channel and entering the uk illegally .   around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall but were told to move on or face arrest by french authorities .
lydia kelm , 23 , was arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a mcdonald 's drive-through in florida while wearing nothing but a bra and panties .   police say the woman would n't pull up to the drive-through window at around 3.30 am .   kelm told officers she had three beers , but a sobriety test said her alcohol content was three times the legal limit .
cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez played 90 minutes in 0-0 draw at vicente calderon on tuesday .   real madrid return to la liga on saturday and face atletico in next wednesday 's second leg .   carlo ancelotti 's side face valencia on the same day .
the seven women and five men voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a decision , but one they made in confidence .   on thursday , the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn 's anderson cooper to talk about the trial .   hernandez was found guilty wednesday of murdering odin lloyd in 2013 .
the actor bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962 .   it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day .   average house price in britain was just # 2,500 .   car is expected to attract # 1million - more than double the # 431,200 it sold for four years ago .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning .   video footage shows the animal clinging for life when he went on a perch around the urban jungle this week .   animal control officers were called out to coax the climber down from the flagpole .
enid hatch , 70 , had bought his wife enid 50 yellow roses to celebrate their golden wedding anniversary .   her sister betty elston was murdered on a beach in sully in 1971 .   mrs hatch said her life was ` destroyed ' when her husband was killed .
natalie fletcher has been travelling around the united states painting different people in each town .   she painted two people as a brick wall in carolina .   each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete .
cody neatis , eight , has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection .   he has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube .   the hospital does not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are ` thelma and louise of wellness '   skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are taught to professionals in the banking business and retail sector .   as a stress reset , they have a ` reward ' for executives .   the boardroom retreat will help you every day .
an american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging eight floors from a balcony of a hotel before landing into a swimming pool .   a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level .   guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman , who were visiting the city from the us naval ship uss carl vinson .
jay hart , 24 , has been sacked by clitheroe fc after he was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager 's dugout while wearing a club tracksuit .   his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley 's seel park stadium in the final game of the season .   hart was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside .
the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel .   she is part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on . rhiannon , a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers .
the new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix in glendale , arizona with brady named as mvp for the third time in his fourth super bowl victory .   the patriots said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason why brady did n't attend the white house on thursday .   the president was a senator with 12 super bowl touchdown passes and completions on 37 .
djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to murray .   djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire .   tennis champion novak djokovic issued an apology to the youngster and his parents .
egyptian-born hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist .   the radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where emwazi travelled abroad to join terror groups .   security services are believed to be investigating al-sibai 's influence on the boys terror cell .
marine le pen said ` the truth ' should ` not shock anyone '   his daughter and current leader of the french national front said she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father .   tensions between le pen and her father have described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '   the founder of the far-right party defended the comments saying he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements in the past .   mr le pen is now an mep .
the brooklyn resident was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading .   silver , the former speaker of the new york state assembly , was charged in january for allegedly taking $ 4million in brides and kickbacks since 200 .   just three months after silver himself was arrested on corruption charges , his son-in-law marcello trebitsch , 37 , was accused of running a $ 7million ponzi scheme .
sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools .   the actress says she 's ` not a gym person ' but sienna miller 's waist .   sienna miller is one of her first yoga schools .
thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout against bayer leverkusen .   the match deadlocked at 0-0 at the end of extra time .   manuel neuer had saved josip drmic 's effort .
charlene 's sportsman of the year prize came during the laureus world sports awards .   the presentation of the award was on djokovic by the laureus sport for good foundation .   charlene 's star turn played in monte carlo in shanghai .
fifi m. maacaron , 36 , is a natural beauty alchemy .   contains over 100 ingredients including all-manner of skincare ailments .   fifi cream cheese in a face mask is coconut oil .
the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 .   a new report has claimed williams always felt insecure following him .   williams implied they had both been in berlin together on the day the wall fell in 1989 .
pep guardiola has yet to commit his future to bayern munich .   the spaniard has been in the dugout since last season .   bayern munich manager ottmar hitzfeld believes favre should replace guardiola at the allianz arena .
lord of the rings and hobbit fans ca n't afford to travel to themed attractions on the other side of the world .   at 1,000 square feet , the hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property .   the house has a stove and barbecue for cooking , cosy rooms with round doors , and no mobile phone service .
twelve-year-old alfie suffered three degree burns from a pad used to keep him warm during a scan which vets had heated up in a microwave .   the pet , who is also completely deaf , had the scan last month after his owner lynne edwards from huntington in cambridgeshire noticed a lump behind his ear .   when alfie returned from the clinic she started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back .
harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals this season .   harry redknapp says tottenham have not made any progress under mauricio pochettino this season .   the former qpr boss says he has been rescued by the kids .
jose luis gaya left back under real madrid 's nose this summer .   his buy-out clause is currently set at # 13.5 m .   valencia 's pete jenson looks at the spain defender .
harpers bazaar magazine has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west .   the star reveals her daily diet which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables .   kim kardashian 's book selfish revealed what she dines on each day .
ernest goult , 72 , will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture at a football match .   blackburn players markus olsson and lee williamson expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the riverside stadium .   teesside magistrates ' court would produce cctv footage .
sergio ramos was first man carlo ancelotti at real madrid 's champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday .   ramos is one of many players for the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers '   ramos could play in goal at spain training .   real madrid star sergio ramos and carles puyol are the striker .
chloe ballouqui is one of three children featured in the film tv documentary .   immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient 's cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow .   the documentary filmed over two years follows three children and their families .
mao zedong 's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the ` gang of four '   he is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed .   the all-powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing .   former national security chief zhou yongkang jailed two years ago over the murder of briton neil heywood .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac .   the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy .   ms berry was in a stable but fair condition as of thursday .
frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iplayer service .   they branded the problem ` irritating ' and ` frustrating ' and said it was ruining their enjoyment of the programmes .   it says the live sections of radio stations cause the start and end times of programmes to shift .
the new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months .   the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity 's first ever visit to pluto .   in july this year new horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit pluto .
peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday .   he and a friend asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet at a river on tuesday .   kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers .
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain .   many of those reported missing have since been found safe and well , there are still several dozen travellers who have n't been heard .   the 20-year-old worked as a waitress to save money for her trip to asia .
liam stewart had been included in new head coach pete russell 's 23-man party for the world championship in holland next week .   stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs ' western hockey league play-off series against everett and is replaced in the squad by craig peacock of belfast .   stewart was set to make his senior great britain ice hockey debut at the world championships .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in march 1940 but never made it to the battle of britain .   the fighter plane was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber .   in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave .
the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents .   at least one of the bags cost more than it would buy the items outright .   the price is $ 26 .
graphic shows how the new archael virus changes uses ` docking tips ' - purple area - to infect bacteria .   they now believe it may be viruses like this that actually hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth .   this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate .
marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife .   his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection .   masters chairman billy payne has withdrawn out any women 's masters .
dan bilzerian has been forced into a public safety announcement to avoid jail after being accused of homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them .   the film shows a stony-faced bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself and a bizarre painting .   the playboy gun-obsessive was released from custody after his arrest last year .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 per cent higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce .   one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income .   only 13 % of people who are not divorced will be below the line .
bayern munich flew back to germany on thursday the day after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday .   thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport to board their flight back to bavaria after defeat by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg .   bayern lost 3-1 to porto in their first leg on wednesday .
midfielder 's goal will go down as one of the premier league 's best goals .   stoke 's charlie adam and chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois also off his line .   chelsea beat chelsea 1-0 from eden hazard to win match .
liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years .   mrs kebede , a last black woman from vogue paris was model rose cordero in march 2010 .   supermodel liya kebede is the first female woman to cover the vogue paris .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday .   carl jenkinson scored just one win in 11 premier league games .   the hammers defender insists five games are not an option .
sally cox , 39 , stopped her son jed pearce , 10 , from going on the mosque trip , expressing fears of ` violence and guns ' children as young as eight have been banned .   one mother said she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot '   about 10 pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to visit the mosque in exeter , devon , as part of an re trip to learn about different faiths .   their parents said they would be exposed
alex gray , 27 , lost nearly half of his body weight in 20 months .   he ` missed out on a lot ' when he was inspired to make changes in his own life .   he recalled that he had an insatiable appetite as an only child with unabated access to nearly everything .
serie a side have tabled an offer of 25million euros for the 21-year-old .   palermo striker dybala has been linked with a transfer to manchester united and arsenal .   cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the club on wednesday .
nikki thomas appeared on this morning to tell how her sister was murdered by her obsessive ex .   now nikki , 27 , is warning others to learn from her sister 's tragic story and not tolerate stalking behaviour .   jenna was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 , never reported his behaviour to police .
manchester city go into the derby at old trafford in fourth place .   sergio aguero wants to put pressure on premier league leaders chelsea .   the argentina international has struggled for form and fitness .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other in may 2 .   the fight is expected to earn at least $ 13.2 million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout .   mayweather will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history on saturday night .
craig roberts , 36 , walked into his town 's post office and shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog bruce outside if he wanted to be served .   the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside .   he said he was left feeling ` angry and shocked ' by post office staff .
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix .   she was spotted in the gulf state with her boyfriend dave clark .   she was introduced to the king carlos of spain and curtseyed .
violeta tupuola , who lives near canberra and has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips .   she has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of any narrow vessel .   violeta had protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck .
brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out due to alopecia .   she was left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school .   she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain .
britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in dubrovnik .   it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18 .   it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
ander herrera was on target twice as united beat aston villa in the premier league on saturday .   herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of shirt for supersitution .   herrera joined the red devils for # 29million following a three-year spell at bilbao .
travellers escaped injury after two ryanair planes collided at dublin airport .   passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway .   passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes .
the german woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic at charles de gaulle airport wednesday .   three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car .   it included valuable items including a single ring worth close to # 1million , as around 12 other valuable pieces .   the german , who is part taiwanese , was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the national museum of modern art in paris .
anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year .   766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year .   in france , the number of anti-semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 since 2009 .
malky mackay has been at the dw stadium since 2010 .   the former scotland international will take charge for the first time against fulham .   wigan athletic have made club captain gary caldwell their new manager .
religious community claims women will be ` cast into the lake of fire ' if they undergo a c-section .   facebook page of the new dawn 's facebook page has been shared nearly 80,000 times since it was posted on sunday .   father patrick embry is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ` lazy ' and ` negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections .
jordan spieth fired a 10-under round of 62 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings .   troy merritt fired a nine-under-par 61 to sit six under in hilton head , south carolina .   kuchar is tied for second place with john merrick .
raheem sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer .   brendan rodgers says it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club .   the champions have monitored vice-captain jordan henderson on his contract .
algeria 's championnat national de premiere division has four rounds of matches .   just 11 points split leaders es setif and bottom-placed na hussein dey .   algerian football fans will be crowned champions league next year .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats .   but her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .   she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor .
sketch that made light of a teacher raping janet johnson-luna , 32 , played by pete davidson in court .   during the clip he asked the boy how long the way home so his ` muscles were a little sore '   an attorney said the boy was ` the best day of my life ' while another said it was a ` new low '   he said : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm '   the actor said the affair lasted five ` glorious weeks ' and he asked him
on the show hapless character rachel decided to treat her loved ones to what she mistakenly thought was ' a traditional english trifle ' layered .   it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles .   neil killham , a software engineer from manchester , made the shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on friends 16 years ago .
conor mcgregor has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked on his chest and ` the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face on his stomach .   mcgregor wrote next to the instagram post of his new artwork .   mcgregor claims he has no motivation to win the title in las vegas on july 11 .
ac milan beat sampdoria on sunday night at the san siro on sunday .   nigel de jong overhed and philippe mexes scored for ac milan .   nigel de scored the net off alfred duncan 's leg before the hour mark .
jermaine beckford 's 10th goal of the season as preston were on target in the 3-0 victory over fleetwood .   jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal in his second 19 games .   preston were held 2-2 by gillingham .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year-old man living near his branch in kent .   mason , who was jailed for 15 months , has said he will pay back the whole # 185,000 out of his rbs pension pot .   bank has already refunded customers targeted by mason and will receive money as compensation .
grigor dimitrov beat stan wawrinka 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season .   wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo .   wawrinka will meet gael monfils in the quarter-finals .
pictures posted on twitter by a member of anti-isis campaign group raqqa .   raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day from inside the city .   terror group raqqa has a propaganda offensive and hunger , poverty and homelessness .
gary lineker and frank lampard have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year .   the average annual income is # 59,600 - more than # 30,000 above the average gross annual salary .   only one of the top ten constituencies in cheshire is outside the south-east .
governor abdulcelil oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet .   security officers on board took control of the bus and stopped it after the attack .   five round marks can be seen on the windscreen of fenerbahce team bus .
archbishop of brisbane 's anglican archbishop said he supported father paul kelly in his calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed from queensland common law .   the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant came on ' to them , and the killing was in self-defence .   dr aspinall also appealed to violence at recent anti-islam rallies .
martina hingis beat agnieszka radwanska 6-4 , 6-0 in the fed cup on saturday .   the former world no 1 was agnieszka radwanska 's first tour-level 6-4 6-0 to world number nine radwanska after eight years .   hingis has now won 11 points as radwanska beat poland .
san francisco is known as america 's most european city .   it took molly , dylan and i three weeks to do it .   route 1 from san fran 's golden gate bridge to la .
carol chandler , 53 , of wellington , shropshire , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s at a top independent school .   she is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male .   she is due to appear on april 21 .
a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport , near derby , causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft .   it happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an air contractors flight that originated in athens and included a stopover at charles de gaulle airport .   there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached .
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport .   but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped .   residents of lancashire and cheshire could hide from nazi bombs .
lewis hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton .   hamilton has got pole in every race this season .   sebastian vettel qualified second and third .
winston reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month .   the defender had been linked with arsenal and tottenham .   reid believes he can fulfil all of his future at west ham .
derek skyler brux , 22 , was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashed it into another train last fall .   he was upset over a phone call with his boss has been sentenced to serve probation and pay restitution .   brux pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the lines of track in the country .
mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday .   the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany as he drove his van amersfoort car .   schumacher will need time to make his way as a driver .
andrea mcveigh has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by cyclist .   social media manager suffered two gashes to the middle of her forehead , other facial and hand injuries .   met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash .
kit symons admitted his side were second best and says the club need to rebuild in the summer .   steve evans charged for fielding an ineligible player on may 2 .   ross mccormack scored the winner for fulham .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
social media expert sarah-jane kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web .   private social networks offer an image of your children on social media .   ` we all have a friend or family member who is a bandit for it : ' i do n't more comments about her daughter .
celtic manager ronny deila will ask manchester city if he can keep denayer next season .   hearts captain danny wilson is also among his defensive targets .   the 19-year-old also faces competition from kompany at city .
the spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date .   it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .   the map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side .
alex s had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich .   he believed the operation would help him regain his vitality and cure his schizophrenia .   the dentist believed to be a ` recognised healer ' and said he helped the ` spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients '   mr s lived in woods and only ate raw foods , had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings .
dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy .   dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases .   prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk .
officers arrested a 32-year-old man from suburban kepnock who will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday on charges including grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture .   the victim was taken to hospital on march 28 , with burns to 15 per cent of his body .   an investigation was launched on saturday when a 29-year-old man went to bundaberg hospital .
washington post journalist jason rezaian has been detained in iran for eight months and faces trial for ` security charges ' unspecified by the government .   rezaian , 39 , obtained economic and industrial information from the country and sold it to unnamed americans .   rezaian was also linked to omid memarian , a iranian opposition journalist .
danny ings insists his aim for next season is to play and develop .   the 22-year-old has scored nine goals during his debut premier league season .   the burnley striker is a target for manchester united and liverpool .
the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the flatiron pre-college academy .   karlie is donating $ 20,000 of her own money for the classes which cost $ 2,000 per student .   the 22-year-old model was filmed working with other students at the academy 's software engineering program this summer .
kevin pietersen cancelled his indian premier league contract in february 2014 .   england and wales cricket board managing director downton was wrong to sack him last year .   pietersen is set to play domestic cricket for surrey .
the twin 18-month-old boys died after falling into a arizona canal last week .   authorities have not released any information on how the two boys ended up in the canal , but say foul play is not suspected .   the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on friday .
some have been awol from ford open prison for as long as 10 years .   among their number are two murderers , as well as drug dealers and fraudsters .   robert donovan , 57 , disappeared from ford in 2010 after being jailed for beating a disabled man to death in 1996 .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad for their upcoming two-match series against england next month .   guptill smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england .   the 23-year-old has only played 20 first class matches .
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , applied to renew his blue badge .   he claimed he could only walk 200 metres , when in fact he was a keen walker .   he was fined # 795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday .   ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney scored .   david de gea has scored a goal for manchester united .
state pensions would be increased by more than # 60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent .   the party also pledged to pump an extra # 12billion a year into the nhs from day one .   immigrants will also be given free english classes .
four men moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during party cruise on sydney harbour .   heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable .   four men , 21 and 22 , will appear in court this month .
labour leader confessed that he and wife justine watched a dvd of 2014 movie .   labour leader claimed never to have been a trainspotter or member of chess club .   labour leader said he used to use an iphone to use iphone .   he said : ` pride is about the lesbian and gay community in london '
oregon , california and washington are covering beaches including seaside , manzanita , astoria and rockaway beach .   experts say there are more than usual this year .   they will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose .
matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season .   the 25-times-capped centre is also a doubt for september 's world cup .   scott 's injury could leave scotland coach vern cotter .
1.2 million either possess a secret credit card of hide purchases from a partner .   17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men .   17 % of gen y were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories .
pep guardiola believes he has one of the top three centre backs in world football .   bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the last eight on wednesday .   bastian schweinsteiger has been ruled out of the german cup quarter-final .
edwin ` jock ' mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in south london .   one woman said she saw mee , 46 , as a father figure after he helped her join the army .   she said her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him .
china , south korea and japan have banned new charter flights of thai carriers .   it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety .   regulator claims to have made contact with the thai aviation safety regulator .
piper kulk , 8 , died on sunday hours after the accident on nsw central coast .   their grandmother helen boddy , 54 , swerved into the path of an oncoming ute .   daniel and chantelle are still in hospital .   two siblings killed on their way home from the royal easter show in sydney .
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction in may last year .   mr harris accepted the offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday .   mr harris bought the melbourne home from mirvac in 2006 for $ 3.75 million .
snp leader nicola sturgeon refused to claim she had ` broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' in september 's vote .   ms sturgeon said it was an ` opportunity of a lifetime ' and two years ago .   but ms sturgeon has refused to rule out demanding a re-run within five years .
australian historian dr jim penman claims britons have lost the biological drive for innovation .   dr penman said britons have lived too peacefully for too long .   dr penman , of the rmit university in melbourne , made claims .
ronald koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four .   saints are five points behind man city .   graziano pelle scored in his side 's 2-0 premier league win over hull .
raheem sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay with the merseyside club .   the england international has managed just six goals this season .   sterling has struggled to score this season - one of liverpool 's star men .
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to move into the champions league last four .   pep guardiola 's second season in charge was with his back to the semi-finals .   bayern munich coach thiago alcantara scored his first leg deficit .
roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7 .   roxy walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of its owner .   the ring has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times .
the high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 cold war thriller war games and 1994 's stargate .   it was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war .   the shift to the cheyenne mountain base in colorado is designed to safeguard the work for north american aerospace command and us northern command .
rts , s , took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives .   drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency .   tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa .
native reds have been almost wiped out in the country for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from america in the 19th century .   experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .   since 1952 , 95 % of red squirrels have been spotted in england and wales .
kyli wilfson was 26 when she woke up in excruciating pain in 2012 .   her illness left her unable to eat for a year and a half .   she had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals .   she was finally diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis , a condition she had likely had since birth but was only found after doctors put a camera down her throat to her pancreas .
brock guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla .   the boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen from in front of his home .   police said the car thief likely stole the 2001 after the boy 's father left it running .
sir vivian richards believes james anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham .   anderson will earn his 100th test cap at the antiguan ground that bears richards ' name .   four wickets in the game would take him past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets .
a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand , and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint .   in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion .   ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .
southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date .   forster underwent knee injury in southampton 's 2-0 victory over burnley .   england goalkeeper has had surgery but will be out for several months .   kelvin davis will deputise for forster until the end of the season .
the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children .   vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails at the amalienborg palace .   margrethe 's second son joachim .   prince henrik .
two firms exposed by daily mail as selling private information to be probed .   second firm supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients .   direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims .
around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns , a study has found .   some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home .   they were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married .
joe gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the england .   the england under-19 defender is valued at # 8m by the championship team .   manchester city lost to chelsea in an fa youth cup final first leg .
imran uddin , 25 , tried to cheat his way to a degree by hacking into university computers and up his exam marks .   he was able to find out passwords that staff were typing in to log on to their accounts himself .   he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court on thursday .
michael owen says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the spanish capital .   liverpool are said to be interested in the hottest property in english football .   sterling is expected to start for liverpool this saturday .
sam smith , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet .   his diet has ` transformed ' his relationship with food .   the popstar share his outfits with topman skinny jeans , a custom burberry shirt and a well-cut armani cashmere jacket .
usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil .   he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012 .   bolt visited a small gym in brazil on thursday and spoke of his plans for the rio olympics .
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain with alastair cook .   england face india in the last two tests of the series .   england 's first test and cook wins in the first test .
michelle woods , from teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath .   she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant .   when they came face to face with the reptile .
helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old francis pusok more than 80 times on thursday , after he fled his house in san bernardino county .   pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ` this is n't over '   his girlfriend of 13 years , jolene bindner , fled ` because any contact with police has been negative for me '   he led police on a
renault 's cyril abiteboul has promised red bull to be resolved .   red bull and the toro rosso of max verstappen suffered a power-unit failure .   red bull owner dietrich is confident of the system had a fault .
ed miliband 's son daniel has declared it ` the best ' in his house .   it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign .   comment was made during itv interview on itv 's good morning britain .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence .   she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority .   david cameron warned nationalists would use a labour government to break up the union and punish other nations .
cara newton , 32 , from fleet , hampshire , had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 .   mrs newton was diagnosed with ewing 's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer .   after ivf failed , the couple feared they would never become parents .
grandparents patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during a blackout on a cold november night last year .   couple laid dead for 16 days before their son , andrew charles , raised the alarm on december 11 and police searched the property .   maintenance work by uk power networks caused the power cut .
reece oxford scored with a header in the 3-2 defeat to manchester united .   the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season .   oxford 's claims for a senior debut before the end of the season .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the custom house surgery in newham , east london as well as other surgeries in north london after he was found with the footage .   he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him .   al-atraqchi pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined # 500 .
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina .   the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .   he was forced to crawl around on his joints .
social media users were shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade .   an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines .   in lewisham , a suburb in the inner west of sydney .   the crocodile at the bottom of the steps in lewisham station was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa .
sue sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the # 11 joint saying it was born , reared and slaughtered in the uk .   but she was horrified when she got home and found the ` home-grown ' leg of lamb had been flown halfway round the world to the store in midlothian , scotland .   mrs sharp runs a 1,600-acre sheep farm with her husband robert , had purposely sought out british produce in support of her fellow farmers .
cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside .   coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot .   when coria went on facebook after the truck was found , she saw an ad for a blue chevy stepside bed .
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off .   now 41 , landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of ho chi minh city .   landon and lorie were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash .
emma dickson , of edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding to her fiance dougie , 26 , but ended up talking to him about her funeral .   the 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married .   doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola , toulon flanker steffon armitage and clermont full back nick abendanon have all been shortlisted for the european player of the year award .   vunipola starred for mark mccall 's side in the pool stages and was named man-of-the-match after his side 's 33-10 demolition of munster in round five .   toulon back rower was named on the bench for last sunday 's quarter-final against leinster .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , is accused of making false statements during interviews with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in ankara , turkey , in march .   saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , allegedly claimed he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at a sharia court .   nusra front is al qaeda 's syrian arm .
jade walters , 21 , was horrified to discover the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just # 200 .   an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .   it was two months before she discovered the horse had been sold .
randy and jodi speidel created online fundraisers on givefroward.com in february .   mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day .   the middle-aged couple died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom .
gianna toboni went undercover to meet with an agent in india who offered to get her a baby in two to three months .   doctors are encouraged to implant multiple embryos in surrogates - but if an ` extra ' baby is born .   surrogacy in india is a multi-million dollar business .
precious richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday morning and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old ` dee dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango .   spence 's mother , danika , had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese .   spence , 24 , lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old damon watson , who was standing alongside his niece .
the crash occurred shortly before noon on saturday .   it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane , which was idling on the runway .   the three , including a man and a woman in their twenties , were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
joey essex met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election .   the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ` icon of youth ' before boarding a boat to sea .   essex said the only thing he knew about the party leader was a ` really reem guy '   mr farage quipped : ' i think that 's good , i 'm not sure .
one of two young girls predator glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in vung tau in vietnam in 2006 .   glitter , now 70 , had sex or sexual activity with n three times in september and october 2005 .   she was just 11 when pervert glitter stole her childhood , told how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse .
james holmes , 27 , was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training , but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence .   if not , prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole .   aurora movie theater shooter james holmes studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of america 's mass mass shootings .
streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 .   staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists which usually contain hits from their youth .   spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city .   the spain international is likely to miss chelsea 's premier league matches against queens park rangers and manchester united .   jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time .
snp leader nicola sturgeon insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament .   she vowed to use the influence of mps to get her way for five years without voting down the government .   ms sturgeon said she would act to ` lock ' the tories out of power and prop up a labour government .
ricky hatton 's former trainer has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 .   bob shannon , 59 , helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 .   hatton 's brother , matthew , the european welterweight champion , and fighters have won british and european titles .
chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league .   thibaut courtois scored chelsea to the league cup in the season .   the belgian keeper is one of the world 's best goalkeepers .
shanna mccormick , 31 , feared she would not live to see her wedding day .   she managed to lose 16.5 st in two years so she can walk down the aisle .   the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist .   mrs hongfang 's husband said she fell down the stairs after she struck her head and lost consciousness .   victim 's family filed civil lawsuit against tourist .
invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '   conservative jacob rees-mogg will focus on the ` pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace .   the service of commemoration will take place on the 200th anniversary of waterloo .
joanna flynn , a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario , charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient 's life support without permission .   the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday , and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada .   the mother of two died at the hospital on march 2 .
chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight drug felons as soon as all appeals .   the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .   president widodo and sukumaran remain in an isolated cell on nusakambangan island .
claudia alende , 21 , posted a photograph of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary for easter .   miss carvalho came second in last year 's beauty pageant .   she claims she had been left ` shocked and ashamed ' by her risqué easter stunt .
british-born fashion designer , who is married to harvey weinstein , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her .   she was reportedly ` furious ' after he was accused of groping an italian model in his manhattan office last month .   her hollywood producer husband ambra battilana , 22 , told police he had groped her .
michelle heale of tom 's river claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards .   the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma .   the prosecution has argued that heale shook the
fellow passengers swore their way from glasgow to alicante last friday .   witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing .   all passengers on the jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway .
petra wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine .   she set up her own business , the west brewery in 2006 .   he wanted to discuss importing it in bulk to italy .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years .   us prosecutors believe mr sarao used special computer software to manipulate the market on wall street .   sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory chicago mercantile exchange .
manny pacquiao has been born into poverty in the philippines .   the filipino boxer has been involved in some bouts in the world .   pacquiao left home boxing in 2001 against lehlo ledwaba in las vegas .
smart phones and social media cause nightmare for men and women on dates .   on a date in the 1990s , the man or woman is likely to try and photograph their food or keep checking their phone at the table .   they include leaving conversations about the dating app tinder to evenings with your friends .
experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel .   tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right .   audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide .
jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear .   lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal '   lee , 38 , invited the victim and her friends to party at his rented $ 33,000-a-month mansion in the hamptons on long island , new york during the summer of 2013 .   lee and his victim were ` from .
more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese .   with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese .   experts say tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned .
the former king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign .   they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature .   his father juan-carlos was famous for his love of freebies as a gift .
kaden lum was gunned down in bremerton , washington , on march 28 .   it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam .   the boy 's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon designed by cartoonist milt priggee .
dr barbara kubicka says she has clients at her knightsbridge clinic for botox .   the egyptian queen is on her way to the nefertiti lift .   as a child , it has become a latest jowl .
joe launchbury has been sidelined since october due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck .   the england lock will be his debut at the club 's new home at ricoh arena on may 9 .   the 24-year-old has been out six months out of the game .
the charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month .   easyjet is france 's second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over the two days .   no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged .
richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii .   artifacts that sunk on a ship in 1824 are now being returned to kauai and will go on display at the local museum .   artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were .
zlatan ibrahimovic believes the world cup is ` nothing to watch '   the sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea .   ibrahimovic and his psg team-mates face barcelona in the champions league semi-final on tuesday night .   louis van gaal 's side beat england 3-1 at the nou camp .
mathew sitko , 23 , saved a driver from the scene of a precarious car crash at the edge of a cliff in idaho yesterday .   sitko crashed through the adjoiningg property and would have driven off the drop if it were n't for the fence .   sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries .
maxi romero has been named the next lionel messi .   arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for # 4.5 million .   arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 m swoop for the teenage sensation .
britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table .   overall , the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance .   the uk has 11th in table of prosperity for health .
steven gerrard and phil jagielka released 96 red balloons in memory of liverpool fans who died at hillsborough .   supporters from both liverpool and everton stand together to pay respect .   liverpool captain gerrard lost a family member during the hillsborough disaster .
mohammed emwazi was planning on joining al-shabaab in africa but changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members .   instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state , a source has said .   only as ayman , emwazi was obsessed with al-shabaab and spoke about the fighting in somalia because somalia was too dangerous .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra in july 2012 .   forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind abuse at the time of the attack .   costa feigned his failing memory .
the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked twice with her martial arts skills after he tried to rape her .   she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet .   the man tried to grab her - but was followed by her attacker .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana .   it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
jason puncheon appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during monday night 's match at selhurst park .   the crystal palace midfielder was hit by the flying object during the second half .   the former southampton man was aimed at puncheon park .
higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale and almonds .   it can mitigate the stress on immune cells .   after a heavy night of drinking , your immune system is weaker .
heidi bretscher , 28 , found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17 .   at mile 19 , bretscher was leading the women 's race by about 30 minutes .   she said she was on pace to run her best time ever .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination .   the activist fought back to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls , and has posted their vile messages .   elena klimova is a russian woman indundated with vicious and homophobic messages .
chancey luna , 17 , was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan .   the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole .   luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in .
wolfsburg beat stuttgart 1-0 in the german cup semi finals on tuesday .   swiss international rodriguez scored twice in the win .   wolfsburg join borussia dortmund in the final four .
head coach john carver admitted he was 'em barrassed ' by newcastle united 's 1-0 loss at sunderland .   newcastle were second best in every department during fifth straight derby defeat .   jermain defoe scored a brilliant volley for sunderland .
one researcher who travelled to nepal to study how the indian and eurasian plates are moving together .   researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before .   in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole .
andrew hutchinson was reported to the hospital trust where he worked for indecent behaviour five years before being convicted of sexual offences against patients .   he raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford .   he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago .   jan gardner served in the armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 2015 in sydney , australia .   marks an anzac veteran who served in an anzac armed forces .
little chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her adelaide home .   her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect .   coroner mark johns ' ruling that families sa was broken and that the agency 's lack of action over chloe 's mother 's drug use was a complete failure .
mark lowe , 32 , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death , after wayne , then 33 , attacked him in his bed with a knife .   mark 's wife sarah is looking after three young children alone and said : ' i will regret what he did for the rest of his life '   mark then kicked wayne , 33 , to death and was charged with his murder .   prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea as he was last month jailed for five
margaret penny was murdered at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 .   his husband robert denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder .   ms bryden then said that she does not believe mr penny killed his wife .
willa junior sat down with abc news for an interview , and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head .   the baggage handler became trapped inside when the plane was forced to turn around .   his first move was to call his company menzies aviation .
the scottish game is engaged in a faustian pact .   sky and bt sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football .   inverness fans will be asked to travel to glasgow for a scottish cup semi-final .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open .   federer has won the first three masters titles of the year .   world no 1 is 30-2 so far this season .
the nationwide strike follows action by french air traffic controllers .   workers at the most visited paid monument have joined the walkout .   there are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton on easter sunday afternoon .   the teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday .   police have launched a search for a high school teacher who disappeared just days before she was .
the female driver in a toyota aygo pulled in front of colin kay as he was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in lancashire last year .   the collision was captured on film as mr kay had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash .   after the incident last year , the doctor driving the toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the royal preston hospital by air ambulance .
the photos were taken in a forest outside moscow in russia .   organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting .   in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat .
hengshui no 2 middle school is an ` exemplary school ' in china .   two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last october .   nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers is accused of making itself look like a prison in order to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building .
julio cesar chavez jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara .   the former middleweight world champion was stopped by elbow injury .   froch has said he may retire if the fight does not happen .
tv companies hbo and showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the may 2 battle as the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history .   floyd mayweather 's fight against manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 will cost us viewers back $ 89.95 -lrb- # 60.70 -rrb- , but any hd surcharge up to $ 10 could be added on by tv providers .   the fight is expected to break pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by fight in 2013 .
phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .   they appeared on today 's show to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf .   miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic .
emma models ann summers ' first bridal wear lingerie .   priced between # 14 and # 85 - an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets .   items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd .
the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag comes on sale for # 140,000 .   the rare tote ca n't be used in store and experts say it 's an investment .   the brand has an aston martin db9 volante .
joss labadie has been banned for six months after being found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in the space of a year .   the 24-year-old was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of ronnie henry during dagenham 's 1-0 win .   it came 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined # 2,000 for biting chesterfield 's ollie banks while playing for torquay .
a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died thursday as part of a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in washington .   the shooter had instead taken some officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him on a busy northeast washington street .   the shooter tried to ram the gates before firing at the guard at least once .
outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves promised ` some inquiries ' if england did not win the west indies ahead of the first test .   ian bell says he never expected england to win the series .   devon smith is first grenadan to play test cricket on the island .
hein verbruggen , the former head of international cycling , says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci after being criticised by the inquiry into the lance armstrong doping scandal .   verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report .   he also calls a ` character assassination ' , under verbruggen 's leadership , the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations .
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares -lrb- 420 million acres -rrb- of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal could be lost .   the huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots , based on current trends .   the areas are the atlantic forest and gran chaco .
hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in new orleans and new york city .   he reveals the most common items for guests make the most of every hotel stay .   jacob tomsky : ` if a guest dies during their stay at the hotel room bathrooms .
ronda rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi 's stadium in california and admits she caught the bug .   rousey told retired wrestling legend roddy piper 's piper pit podcast that ` there 's nothing like ' wwe .   rousey was a hot with fans at wrestlemania 31 but her fight for now is on her fight against bethe correia .
tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .   tinder will now display last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , attacked two tube workers while screaming ` i 'm a doctor ' because she did not want to miss the last train home .   hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay # 2,250 in fines , compensation and court costs .   she could face disciplinary action from general medical council .
boca juniors beat palestino to finish group five with a 100 per cent winning record .   leandro marin 's side will face arch rivals river plate in the copa libertadores last 16 .   boca juniors is the highest seeds of the competition .
edinson cavani was furious about being taken off against marseille at the weekend .   agent claudio anelucci says edi is under contract at paris saint-germain .   united are interested in cavani to replace robin van persie .
many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers .   says the tallest building he has ever scaled had 72 storeys .   says he likes photographing new york because it is huge .
izzat ibrahim al-douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad .   al-douri was the king of clubs in the famous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam 's regime after its collapse .   he was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis .
a pregnant canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ` grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens .   fans jumped to support her when gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails on tv .   buckley , now 49 , writes that her ` front end looks like a brick s *** house . '
david alaba has been removed from his knee ligament damage .   the austrian international has n't had a recovery and return for bundesliga leaders .   pep guardiola 's side have won three in the last round .
fenerbahce 's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport .   one of them is believed to have followed the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus .   besiktas ' match against istanbul basaksehir is scheduled to go ahead .
waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market , up from 5 per cent .   aldi is now one of britain 's mainstream supermarkets .   aldi has 560 stores and hopes to double in size by 2022 .
caroline wozniacki participated in the themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people .   the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live ! with kelly and michael .   the white house hosts the easter egg roll every year on the lawn outside .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday .   glenn murray scored a hat-trick in his last five games .   manchester city captain vincent kompany and martin demichelis were on monday .
rickie fowler accused alexis of being a ` gold digger ' who did n't have to work .   the golfer was criticised by an online troll for not working due to her relationship with fowler .   fowler has earned extra brownie points with his legion of fans .
in the incident , the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket .   the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises .   the incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district .
the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , is made entirely from timber imported from norway .   it has gone on the market for # 350,000 .   it has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin .
charity runners taking part in 10km fun run at weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed .
maurice thibaux , 67 , stormed the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night 's opening show held at the carriageworks in eveleigh .   the french native crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise which he claims was ` similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head '   mr thibaux said he did not even know he was walking into a fashion week event .   the 67-year-old said he was ` very sorry ' to have disturbed the show .
tony morris qc is a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws .   mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year .   he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver .
miranda devine tweeted david pocock a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language .   the australian super rugby team were on their way to a win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on friday night .   devine tweeted : ` did pocock do jazz hands ' but it was n't hand shaking gesture .
stunning ashbrittle yew , in the churchyard of the parish 's church in somerset , has a girth of 38ft and an enormous canopy .   its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease .   locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
teresa swarbrick died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw .   lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .   the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water .
parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant in flagstaff were found to carry the illness .   human cases have developed from close contact with cats .   plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year .
liverpool boxer paul smith is in line to take on andre ward on june 20 .   paul smith has won all of his 24 bouts but has not fought since edwin rodriguez in november .   ward 's wba world title will run over the 12-round distance .
some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern naval base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of tromsoe .   but fears have once peaked after three russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway .   norway 's military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour 's presence on its ` strategically important ' coastline .
sydney 's dan churchill , 25 , was won over by his ` bro burgers ' and flirting over food and ryan reynolds to promote his cook book ` dude food '   churchill appeared as a guest star on good morning america .   churchill was able to live out one dream .   blake lively was on the call sheet at times square .
90 per cent of bets placed on sex have been in favour of a female child .   scottish punter placed a # 2,000 wager on princess with ladbrokes .   betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up .
manny pacquiao has tried his hand at acting , politics and coaching basketball over the years .   the filipino stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november .   manny pacquiao is told his fight against mayweather will 100 per cent go ahead .
the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro .   two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died .   two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived .
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro , a man who lived close to their homes in ohio .   she managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls ' friends .   amanda berry , 29 , revealed in her new memoir , how her daughter gave birth in captivity .
former top gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds .   hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch clarkson oversee the auction at chipping norton town hall .   he also joked about ` trawling the job centre ' for a hosting job .
manchester city star met up with more than 100 schoolchildren .   women 's players lucy bronze and emma lipman helped youngsters add the pictures to the design during a street party on wednesday .   the mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world .
the month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg while photographs were taken of the pair .   the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow .   the jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents .
boris majnaric , 75 , built the bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit .   over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons .   he spent more than $ 40,000 fighting the city in court .
abby swinfield , from castle donington , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 .   miss swinfield is believed to have a son , three , but died a week later .   police have arrested one girl for supplying drugs but miss swinfield 's cousin has claimed she did n't take the drug voluntarily .
asda was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborn soothers 0 + months after a customer complaint on facebook .   complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies .   customers are now asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an asda store .
airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its airbus a380 model .   from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed , and a fourth class introduced in response to the new middle seat .   the change is due to come into place in 2017 .
the martinhal beach resort in portugal opened in 2010 .   it is one of the best in the algarve for family holiday .   tv star ben fogle is a tv star .
president milos zeman was criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual victory day parade in moscow .   president zeman said ambassador schapiro is no longer welcome in the prague castle .   the president of the czech republic has banned the u.s. ambassador from prague castle .
the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas .   passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips .   the indoor seaplex activity area last week set sail on its maiden voyage .
kathleen bailey , 70 , a church elder and avid charity fundraiser , was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend 's finances .   bailey later became a carer for her victim , who was battling breast cancer and had no children .   she was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft at bolton crown court .
submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze .   premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
michael slager is not eligible for south carolina 's death penalty even if he is convicted of murder .   the north charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting walter scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined ` aggravating circumstances '   it came as evidence against slager is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit .   slager is being held in prison on murder charges .
the final ten contenders for star in abra feature ` the perfect body ' splashed across an image of skinny models .   more than 27,000 people signed a change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology , and for the initiative to be scrapped .   a new campaign from curvy kate - an australian size 4 .
just a week ago , 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster .   experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents .   on sunday the death toll crept up to 2,500 people across four countries .
floyd mayweather is expected to get # 120million for the fight against manny pacquiao .   mayweather posted a video showing off his sports car collection to add to his fleet of sports cars .   his collection includes two different bugatti veyrons , a bugatti veyron , a porsche 911 turbo s and a ferrari 599 gtb fiorano .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours .   femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` mazen ' , because ` it was on her id .   one user said her child ` britney shakira beyonce '   a friend of a friend said that her child `
lewis hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship .   nicolas hamilton 's third grand prix win of the season was mercedes in bahrain on sunday .   kimi raikkonen will claim his third win from four races this term .
tulip siddiq , a former aide to ed miliband , was at kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses .   tories last night accused ms siddiq of trying to tell voters that she met vladimir putin in moscow two years ago .   the tories also said she had deleted postings on her blog .
takako konishi had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $ 1m dollars that had been buried in the snow .   takako 's body was found by a hunter in some woodland near detroit lakes , a town in minnesota in 2001 .   fargo was shot in the frozen snow just days after she turned up .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
astronomers say ` rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials .   a layer of ice on a planet 's surface can act as a strong insulator .   pso j318.5-22 was detected 80 light years away from earth .
xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning .   driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel .   ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
the 37-year-old is feared to have drowned while on holiday in laos .   a tourist boat she was travelling in hit a rock and sank in the mekong river .   a body has been recovered in the search for a missing bbc worker .
labour leader said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen ' if he becomes prime minister with the support of snp mps next month .   mr major said the snp would break their pledge not to hold another referendum ` for a generation '   former prime minister john major warned that snp was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda '   labour leader ed miliband ruled out allowing another scottish independence referendum .   snp were ` determined to prise apart the
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory .   ms sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall ` dirty tricks '   scottish first minister branded report as ` 100 per cent untrue '   french officials had also denied account of the account .   it comes after an allegation she told sylvie bermann she would prefer david cameron to win election .
louis van gaal says wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton at goodison park on sunday .   the england international was replaced by robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash .   united suffered back-to-back defeats for the first time since van gaal beat everton .
charlie austin ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers .   the striker has had a premier league debut season .   the 25-year-old says qpr ca n't afford to lose their next two games .
courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school at skegness academy when she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection .   but she was told she must make up the missed time for the ` unauthorised absence '   she accused the academy of being ` petty and unreasonable '   her mother jane burnham said decision to punish courtney has a 98 per cent attendance record at 91 per cent .   she was given a detention for missing half an hour of lessons .
connor sullivan attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours .   the teenager was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus .   search parties took off from the school , they could not find sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night .
hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition .   it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing .   there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim .   shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-ipad users .   she worked with 352 students at a suburban school district during the research .
jose mourinho planned for kurt zouma to man united 's marouane fellaini all week .   chelsea manager jose mourinho has admitted his side were confused as to whether fellaini was playing by a hotel doorman that the belgian was not playing by the doorman at the club 's hotel .   mourinho said he was here to get tickets for the game from eden hazard .
the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week .   he lost his footing on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .   the embarrassed soldier is thought to have slipped because of the metal protectors .
queens park rangers midfielder joey barton believes his side have a ` hell of a chance '   qpr won 4-1 at the 10-man baggies on saturday to end a losing run of five matches .   chris ramsey 's side are still in the premier league drop zone .   qpr are just a point behind 17th-placed sunderland .
rugby conor o'shea believes marland yarde is restored to the england fold .   the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn .   quins centre aseli tikoirotuma scored 14 points in the 70th minute .
mohamed soltan , 27 , was jailed for life as an egyptian judge handed down harsh punishments to now outlawed muslim group .   the defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a protest camp in the months after a military coup overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 .   his father was a member of the muslim brotherhood and has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months .
fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna and dates back thousands of years .   it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .   researchers say spiders are often small dark creatures that tend to hide in recesses and are hard to spot .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 .   she said that the bond with alex 's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months of his life she did n't want anyone else to touch him or ` rub their smell on him ' because it would interfere with his unique smell .   she says she has ' a
the vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city , vietnam .   the traveller had checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker .   nguyen thi hang placed her luggage on the scales , and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley is now a nun at the university of edinburgh .
patrick lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma .   his elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .   lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at the top of the premier league .   gary neville said the champions have a ` mentality problem '   manuel pellegirni fell nine points behind chelsea in the champions league .   the former manchester united defender is under pressure .
trevor noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick .   the quartet were all present at citi field in queens to watch the game between the new york mets and the philadelphia phillies .   earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians .
the flashgap app is free for ios and android devices .   photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event .   they can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends .
christian benteke 's hat-trick against qpr was the third most prolific nation in the division .   the 24-year-old 's goals scored by players from belgium this season .   eden hazard has scored 12 goals for premier league goals this season .
kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers in game 3 on friday .   the clippers had won the first game of the series .   loenard led the spurs to a 100-73 victory in any quarter this season .
over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .   symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness .   the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers .
16-month-old noah ginesi from penrith in cumbria reached out for a hug with prince charles .   the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff .   charles , who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george and has a grandchild on the way .
javier hernandez will return to manchester united at the end of the season .   the mexican is wanted by a host of premier league clubs .   hernandez has only started twice in la liga for carlo ancleotti 's side .
sam longhurst devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh .   he was challenged by diners to create a burger three kinds of meat .   with six forms of three meats , the burger features two beef burgers .
randy lerner will attend aston villa 's fa cup final on may 30 .   villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner had not been able to make the trip .   lerner missed villa 's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley .
coffee addicts in windsor allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart .   the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch , the last bank in the area before it closed last year amid protests .   costa 's planning application says the new shop would be a significant driver to local trade .
fiona cullum , 25 , provided a safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james , 20 , in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday .   cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in kilburn .   hussain , 30 , james and martell warren , 23 , were last year jailed for 111 years after they were convicted of murder and attempted murder .
andrew o'clee , 36 , may have been on prowl for wife number three .   he claimed he needed to spend periods away from family home in ` safe house '   o'clee led a double life , duping his first wife , michelle , 39 .   o'clee finance manager philippa campbell , 30 , has been jailed for eight months .
audrey fualaau was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 .   her 16-year-old sister , georgia , was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for another sexual encounter with her former student .   mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau 's 17-year-old daughter , audrey and georgia , sat down for an interview with barbara walters on the eve of the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , has been accused of raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces .   the officer allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 at an army careers centre in croydon .   one of the women fell pregnant after mee raped her in a locked waiting room .
italian clay specialist errani dumped out the polish seventh-seed 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes .   world no 9 agnieszka radwanska lost to caroline garcia for the third time this year .   errani defeated poland 's radwanska 6-4 by france 's garcia on tuesday .
rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials .   his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 .   rama 's 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday .
france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low .   pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $ 80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models .   thin models are being asked to wear spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags , so they can clock in at a ` healthy ' weight .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .   jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise as the youngster got with his story .   on camera , the youngster recalled what happened with arm actions .
police charged paul johnson-yarosevich of acton , maine , on monday with prohibited use of computer .   the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age .   police said they discovered he 'd been fooling a pre-teen girl into sending him inappropriate photos of herself by posing as a young girl on social media .
michael oliver 's assistant referee was one of the liverpool knocked out of fa cup semi-final by aston villa on sunday night .   reds striker mario balotelli had the ball in the net to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside .   liverpool boss brendan rodgers believes a ` very poor decision '   rodgers said he was left frustrated by referee 's decision .
china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone .   they included 176 people from pakistan , singapore , italy , britain , canada and yemen .   it came the same day saudi-led war planes made a weapons drop in aden .
the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that makes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 .   a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen in # 54,180 mini test price quattro -lrb- 230ps -rrb- .   evolution is the evolution of a manual tfsi s audi quattro s line .
suzanne adams ' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after failing to carry out a caesarean section on suzanne adams and properly monitor her during labour .   the high court ruled that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of # 14.6 million for birth injuries .   ms adams was in labour when she was admitted to lincoln county hospital in 2002 .
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , some 20 years earlier .   henthorn wants to use a $ 1.5 million life insurance pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder .   dr toni jill bertolet plunged 140 ft to her death before their 12th wedding anniversary .
rafa benitez said he could n't cope with two games a week .   chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season .   arsene wenger 's side have lost twice in the premier league .
janek zylinski , the son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader .   the polish prince says he has had enough of the discrimination against polish people .   the cavalry officer led the charge against the nazis near warsaw in 1939 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a turkish airlines flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport .   it 's the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights .   turkish airlines plane lands a second time with the right engine on fire .
a 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban seattle thursday afternoon .   baby malaja was in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30 pm thursday .   she remains in critical condition .
undersheriff tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates .   bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground .   other deputies in the department had expressed concern about his fitness to serve .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs .   employees were paid $ 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies .   the los angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries .
ronald koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in january and is keen to bring him to st mary 's .   holland u21 international vilhena has one year left on contract .   southampton are seventh in the premier league table with 56 points from 33 games .
the canal and river trust in bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well six vehicles , one of which dating back over 40 years .   the work is being focused on an area between windsor bridge and victoria bridge in bath to dredge the water for abandoned items at the bottom .   it came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified as blocking the river .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 .   the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world .   the real ran riot at the bernabeu on sunday .
milinda gunasekera , 32 , was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 .   he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip .   after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home .
nicola sturgeon warned ed miliband he will not be able to pass a budget if he agrees to snp demands .   the snp wants to end the tory-lib dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance britain 's books .   general elections are held on a fixed timetable every five years .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 qualifier between england and norway to be replayed .   fifa did similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on saturday .   jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea 's lack of possession .   manchester united boss louis van gaal was sacked after his side 's 1-0 win over man united .
voyager 2 space probe sent tracks from the le mystere des voix bulgares .   the album has at least one choir in the mountains .   in bulgaria it is a tv channel .
natal 's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas .   the company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of nova arena .   the company has struggled for months with a corruption investigation .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth # 100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season .   brendan rodgers said the player is being manipulated by outside forces .   rodgers said he has sat down with sterling since tv interview .
penny davison , 59 , made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses .   when he died , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at # 4.25 million .   he and his second wife penny ann davison fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune .
peter tarsey and his wife jean , both 77 , were killed with a single bullet each while locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in xalo , spain .   the expat , who had been friends with the couple for 25 years , said she had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend .   she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 .   all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them .   williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd on the night of the shooting .
katie still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out .   it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym .   kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction .
bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning .   he ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for leeim 's medical bills .   leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly .
ana figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city 's 2nd avenue last month .   ` nobody 's spoken to me , no one has called to give condolences , ' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up thursday at the site of the disaster that killed two and destroyed three buildings on march 26 .   a plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement that he created an illegal gas connection in
jamie robbins handed himself into police a year after he stole # 1,600 from a convenience store in kings norton , birmingham , with an accomplice on january 13 , 2014 .   he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at birmingham crown court on thursday .   the case was not solved until 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year .
apple has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -lrb- # 13.5 million -rrb- .   linx makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology .   this technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads .
floyd mayweather snr has refused to respond to criticism from manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach .   roach has blasted mayweather snr calling him a ` terrible cornerman ' ahead of the may mega-fight with pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .   floyd mayweather jnr gave fans a look of his private jet on wednesday .
inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final after his ban was dismissed .   highland club 's lawyers argued that sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan had no right to bring the case .   meekings stopped a leigh griffiths header during his side 's 3-2 win over celtic on sunday .
the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult .   his wife gail scanlan said he was a ` big strong fellow with dark , black eyes '   vincent stanford , who has swept the halls of leeton high school since october , is known of the casual school cleaner .   leeton has a community of only 6,700 people .
wales have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings by rising 15 places to 22 .   england have climbed three places to 62 .   belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at no 3 in the rankings .
one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 .   ` too many soldiers do n't see a calendar shoot of this nature , ' the investigator wrote of the event at camp williams .   three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $ 200 in military fuel .
curt almond , from bristol , spent at least # 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers so that he could slip into a new ` crisp pair ' every day of the week .   mr almond bought 365 pairs of new boxers - and threw most pairs into the bin after just one wear .   mr almond realised that it was ` bankruptcy or boxers '   he has now spent # 40 on a bizarre addiction to wear new underpants .
theo walcott was replaced by ross barkley after 55 minutes of england 's 1-1 draw against italy on tuesday night .   arsene wenger admits he is concerned by the winger 's confidence .   walcott could face liverpool on saturday with alex oxlade-chamberlain injured .
donna hussey , 32 , branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls on facebook over the death of her son freddie - who was killed when a huge portable cabin came loose from a passing land rover .   mrs hussey had just dropped her son archie to school when a trailer crushed him against a wall .   police found the trailer had not been correctly attached to the land rover .
julie creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18 .   she was told she was too fat to run but should give up on her goal .   she did n't let her critics stop her from running .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .   she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 after she allegedly broke into a gray nissan pickup truck when conklin called the police .   when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house .
dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in forests and fields .   he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , could be worth # 82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war .   dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago .
missouri national guard referred to ferguson protesters as ` enemy forces ' during demonstrations last year .   the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out over police brutality .   brown 's shooting of racial tensions in the st. louis suburb .
cremated human bones set off at the side of the london crossrail site .   when about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in 2013 it had been thought they got there down stream after being eroded out of a roman cemetery to the north .   most of the seven skulls found so far are heads of executed criminals and rebels .
stylist deborah , 43 , described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare '   home colouring has left it dry and out of condition .   taming frizzy hair can be a battle with taming hair for up to four months .   beauty experts sent deborah to taylor ferguson salon for the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment .
johnny depp and amber heard held hands as they arrived in brisbane , australia , on tuesday morning local time .   the couple were wearing their wedding bands and had n't been photographed together in more than two months .   comes hours after claimed they were ` leading separate lives '   both johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were ready for their wedding .
the ` very blokey ' joke book on sale at river island contains an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm .   jake harris contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends .   a picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble via @betterthantoday who was shocked when he noticed the joke in the book on the shop floot .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   pneumatic latina is a ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and , on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison for fatally stabbing his boyfriend , brian romo .   lozano claimed that he was ` very intoxicated ' when he killed romo and the fight came after a night of drinking at their home in the city 's south end neighborhood .   the victim 's mother , kathleen tapia .   ' i do n't forgive you , and i never will
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .   it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .   the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .
england face west indies in the second test on sunday .   alastair cook was a bowler and catcher and catcher .   england captain alastair cook has won the last test .
several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday .   this comes as police refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ` abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant .   protesters take part in a traditional smoking ceremony in melbourne during the rally .
a 26,000 square foot castle built of ranch homes can be built by former pimp jerry a. hostetler .   he purchased the home in foreclosure after hostetler 's 2006 death .   he listed it for $ 2.2 million in february 2012 .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on april 4 .   the last time united won a derby at home in 2011 .   wayne rooney scored a 2-1 victory against manchester city .   manuel pellegrini 's side will move four points clear of the champions league .
hector bellerin beat theo walcott 's 40 metre record last summer .   he scored his second premier league goal against liverpool last season .   bellerin is a star player for the injured mathieu debuchy .
asmir begovic has been linked with a summer move to real madrid .   the bosnia international is out of contract in 2016 .   stoke boss mark hughes has dismissed the reports of begovic .
the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio was deemed offensive by facebook .   the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday .   the makers of the alice springs-based six part for abc1 posted that facebook had taken the clip off their page .
a restaurant in chicago has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running . alinea , run by the talented grant achatz .   the eatery is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz and features taffy balloons , edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says his side can not afford not to turn up in the clash with arsenal on saturday .   the liverpool manager has asked his team to perform well in the game .   liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .   footage shows little girl leighton 's chunk of potato in half .   leighton 's mother , michael j , from michigan , filmed his french fry in tears .
nigel short , 49 , said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking .   women should accept they were ` hard-wired very differently ' and were n't adept at playing chess as men .   mr short has said he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .
luxury south african resort , etali safari lodge , offers game drives and walks to see the continent 's big five .   one of the animals is one african elephant 's pools he has been troublesome troublesome .   resort staff and has no problems with water from his trunk .
the boeing 787 dreamliner has been decorated to look like r2-d2 , the small round robot that appears in every episode with his c-3po sidekick c-3po .   the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels .   the film is due for release in december .
time has run out for bali nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen .   only three of them holding loaded guns at the stroke of midnight on tuesday night - 3am eastern standard time .   millions of viewers watched execution played out on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers killed in january .
self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all '   the gatehouse , built as a memorial to queen victoria , was sold in 2012 after a spanish hotel developer paid # 60 million to buy it from the government .   the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ' and ` respect existence or expect resistance ' were seen hanging from the grade-i listed building .   a garbled message posted on facebook by the group
the brazilian collided with an onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute .   oscar was sent to hospital at half time for checks .   jose mourinho said the brazilian was taken off due to ` possible concussion ' oscar was knocked back by the goalkeeper but michael oliver did n't award chelsea a penalty .
back in 1961 three young graduates set off to explore iriri river in remote part of amazon .   richard mason became last englishman to be killed by uncontacted tribe when he was murdered .   second , kit lambert , was one of the amazon 's river transport .
judge judy and jerry sheindlin divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year .   the judge judy has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom .   her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years .
embarrassing footage shows s300 rocket barely to take off to earth .   leaked footage will be launched at military base in russia , russia .   footage of the accident killed six russian ballistic missile technicians .
39 per cent of voters say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour .   just 33 % of voters plan on supporting ed miliband .   tories have jumped three per cent in the last month .
liam byrne left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010 .   mr alexander said there was ` no money ' left in the treasury by a labour predecessor .   memo has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office .
in the pictures o'toole , the star of 1962 classic film lawrence of arabia , can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite a long-term illness .   the story of katherine of alexandria has been released in today 's release of fall of an empire : peter o'toole .   director michael redwood said : ` peter o'toole was ' a series of images of the late actor on set for the last time .
the china national tourism administration said provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china .   they are hoping the strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad .   chinese travellers spent $ 164 billion on foreign trips last year .
a biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while he was skiing in the mountains near bergen at the weekend .   there have been similar reports in southern norway and sightings of worm rainfall in lindås and suldal near bergen .   he found reports of the same strange phenomenon in the 1920s on sunday .
radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago .   when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material .   magdalenian hunters lived in caves , but sites have been found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend .   both appear to pass out several times due to their traumatic facial expressions to match .   at one point carmarie has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook .
walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste .   the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks , sipping on tea and eating snacks .   all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail for working without a licence .   allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him .   hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
kate winslet was a blue at a london film premiere this week .   at 5 ft 7 in , the average shoe size in the uk is 6 ft 1 .   the aussie supermodel , 51 , is also a businesswoman .
shinjiro kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a buddhist temple called gokurakuji .   but after days work is done he dresses up as japanese sci-fi hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .   bizarre images depict kumagai riding around kitakyushu in full kamen rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper .
most parts of the country could have fewer available primary school places than pupils in just two years .   local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed .   this will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by september next year .
alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season .   arsenal boss arsene wenger believes sanchez will be fit up for his side .   sanchez has made an impact in english football .
australian fashion crowd are at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski .   camilla freeman-topper murad and pr maven roxy jacenko were pictured with their mini-me 's .   jacenko 's daughter pixie is an instagram star .
nick clegg vowed to cling on as liberal democrat leader even if party is wiped out at polls .   friends of deputy prime minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps .   sources say he will go if party left out of power after election .
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper .   islamic teachings traditionally state followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet .   use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible .
real madrid striker javier hernandez is on a season-long loan from manchester united .   the 26-year-old is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti 's side .   karim benzema missed madrid 's 3-1 win against malaga .
real-life margo leadbetter has backed the prime minister to deliver the good life to britain .   the 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home since 1986 .   her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a retirement .
amit yadav was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo in august 2013 .   his two passengers - brothers haider , 20 , and taimur kayani , 17 , were killed in the collision on dagenham .   taimur , who had been smoking in the front passenger seat , was pronounced dead at the scene .
heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't .   her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward .   hironimus and the boy 's father dennis nebus have been warring since her pregnancy .
seven out of 10 business chiefs at britain 's biggest think ed miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for britain , survey reveals .   comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against labour government .   poll of ftse 100 chairman reveals support for david cameron to remain prime minister .
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher .   italian , who spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of the murder of surrey-born meredith , 21 , is said to be looking at compensation .   the 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome , italy .
the queen , 86 , filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' in opening ceremony of london 2012 olympics .   her grandson , prince william , is celebrating her 89th birthday today .   harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the queen 's cameo role as a bond girl .
lois lerner dropped his bomb on congress just one day before leaving office to return to private legal practice .   the house oversight and government reform committee had subpoenaed lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal .   the department gave conservative groups with words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names extra scrutiny .
` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl at southport holiday park , merseyside .   police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas .   two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after a confrontation between two groups .
jia binhui , 25 , can not afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease .   he claims temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body .   he built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest china 's yunnan province .
the youngster is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo .   the young boy was befriended by one at a zoo .   the youngster 's parents say he wants to chew on you .
keurig coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in us sales .   keurig green mountain has also made $ 4.7 billion in revenue .   1/3 of homes in the us reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines .
scotland 's oldest easter egg hunt is in the gardens of the royal court .   # 23 castle also hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and easter bonnet parade .   wales and wales are among the best places in scotland .
testosterone is at the heart of human life .   it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known .   the blood of an adult woman before menopause has five times more testosterone than oestrogen .
after eating only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules you 'll need to run for at least 40 minutes to melt the calories away .   a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules that wo n't burn themselves off .   the mini solid egg , around four of them equate to 550 kilojules .
an independent review of rolling stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism .   professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night .   rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after contributing editor sabrina erdely , was called into serious question .
` beef masala ' were sent by pakistan on tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors .   doctors are members of a 34-member medical team sent to nepal for treating the survivors .   indian doctors at kathmandu 's hospital say packets of ready-to-eat masala .
chicago cubs fan caught a foul ball in her full cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon .   krista dotzenrod from minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game .   the cubs won the game , 7-6 , in 11 innings .
university of kentucky guard andrew harrison found himself in hot water last night when he directed a racial slur at a university of wisconsin player .   the sophomore 's comment came as a reporter asked kentucky 's karl-anthony towns about defending the 7-foot kaminsky .   the sophomore still projected the comment .
bolton will offer new contracts to emile heskey , eidur gudjohnsen and adam bogdan , 27 .   heskey and gudjohnsen joined on short-term deals in december , and have helped neil lennon 's side steer clear of relegation .   eidur gudjohnsen has scored five times in the championship .
william beggs is known as the limbs in the loch killer for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in 1999 .   the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the ayrshire coast .   beggs is serving a life sentence in saughton prison .
peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences .   he also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london .   the claims echo scenes from 1999 film fight club show brad pitt .
divock origi has also received messages from members of the club 's management team to let him prepare for the ` special feeling ' of playing at anfield .   liverpool signed the 20-year-old for # 10million last summer after belgium striker impressed during last summer 's world cup in brazil .   origi has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at french side lille .
the california firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors .   there are a number of home battery packs on the market .   they can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency .
thomas was on the nfl 's list of officiating prospects and is set to be named as one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .   the 42-year-old mother-of-three will become the first woman to referee in a big ten stadium and a bowl game .   sarah thomas has officiated pre-season games as a line judge .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in fa cup semi-final on sunday .   defender george best wore his socks round his ankles with grealish .   jack grealish was clobbered by two fouls against liverpool .
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 .   it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena .   long ocean search was sunk by a nazi submarine during world war two .
two former police officials quit their jobs in parma , missouri , have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down .   a black woman , tyus byrd , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey , mailonline reported for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members .   trish cohen , parma 's former police chief , and rich medley , the town 's former assistant police chief .
phones4u founder john caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate on the stairs .   businessman john caudwell says the room is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who died in the 17th century conflict .   mr caudwell said the ` ghost ' was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell .
jermain defoe put sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united .   newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike as he tries it fly into the net .   the former tottenham striker scored his third for sunderland in the magpies goal .
australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell made research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors top 9 grain .   experts warn that an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good .   this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely .
iker casillas was hit by a ball during his side 's 9-1 win over granada .   real madrid 's real madrid goalkeeper scored five and karim benzema .   casillas handed the supporter his shirt during the half-time break .
liam livingstone hit 350 for nantwich town in a national club championship match against caldy on sunday .   the 21-year-old all-rounder has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings .   lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .
usain bolt says tyson gay 's reduced ban is ` the stupidest thing i 've ever heard '   bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor but is no longer looking forward to racing against him .   gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport .   bolt says he felt ` let down ' by american sprinter .
the labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language .   tories said there was nothing in miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .   labour leader said exploitation drives low skilled migration .
hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday .   the reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi .   eden hazard , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in this year 's team .
hector bellerin has been linked with a return to la liga leaders barcelona .   the 20-year-old could leave the catalan giants as his contract expires this summer .   barca fans are keen for the spaniard to return to nou camp .
video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al-assad .   they are all marched to a small wooden stump before they exploded in the city of al-mayadin .   footage cuts from the merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open on sunday .   the 27-year-old scot has lost his last seven matches to the serb .   djokovic will now face the 141st week of his career on monday .
ed miliband claimed there were 600 fewer gp surgeries during evenings and weekends than before the previous election .   he said coalition had made it harder to get gp appointment .   but critics said his figures were out of date .
benjamin netanyahu said iran 's agreement to reduce nuclear programme would pave the way for tehran to build an atomic bomb .   netanyahu said the deal will ` increase iran 's aggression and terror '   netanyahu said he and his cabinet were united in ` strongly opposing ' an agreement .   deal would legitimise iran 's nuclear programme .
french photographer floriane de lassee studied at the international center of photography in new york .   de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years .   the french photographer found her as she studied in his london flat .
during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman removed her jacket to show his guns on the flex cam .   video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena has over 300,000 views on youtube .   it is a stadium tradition that they can display their muscles .
alvaro negredo joined valencia on loan last summer .   the striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the etihad .   manchester city will also pull out of a deal for alvaro negredo .
west brom face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in final five games .   baggies beat crystal palace 2-0 to move eight points clear of relegation zone .   tony pulis believes his side can rise to the top teams .
william ziegler was convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing russell allen baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year .   in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart who blasted his initial trial , and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection .   on april 3 anthony ray hinton was released after tests on the gun allegedly used in the shooting could n't prove it was fired during the killings .
david cameron vowed to ` do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration .   he warned that it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest '   mr cameron issued an impassioned plea for ukip voters to ` come back home '   he also dismissed ukip as ` fruitcakes and closet racists '   yougov poll on 34 per cent put tories and labour virtually neck and neck .   david cameron also believe ukip will win more seats .
joel parker , 33 , was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar .   the driver was not injured but called the police and parker was arrested for battery .   he is also never allowed to use the bus again .
arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has struggled to play for the top four .   liverpool face manchester city in the champions league on saturday .
sunderland are considering a summer move for werder bremen forward franco di santo .   the argentine has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season .   the bundesliga side want # 8million for the 26-year-old .
christine bleakley has been in a relationship with manchester city midfielder for fiver years and says building a bond with his children has been a ` well-thought-out process '   frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the pride of britain awards five years ago .   christine 's relationship with frank 's ex-wife and spanish model elen rivas has been an ` old-fashioned courtship '   christine says she is ` on christine 's ' but says it 's a job she can do for the two daughters of her fiance
google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the oval office in 2016 .   clinton is 67 years old and a member of the democratic party .   last monday , sen. rand paul announced he 's seeking the presidency .
william hilton paul , 22 , was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on sunday in lexington , kentucky .   paul was treated at the university of kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face .   witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine ' when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car .
the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been revamped as a design revolution in the canary islands .   gran canaria is one of the most popular winter holiday for britons .   gareth huw davies is a scientist to the best climate in the world .
nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds .   the clip has received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off .   the video has stopped fidgeting .
super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup .   the centurions twice came from behind in a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village .   former wigan hooker bob beswick spent just 25 minutes on the field .
phylise davis-bowens attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida .   alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers .   she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part .
a chiropractor in iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients .   manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .   the disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction .
siem de jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign .   john carver will feature for newcastle 's reserve side on wednesday .   de jong has started just one premier league game since ajax .
diego costa is not even likely to be named on the bench for chelsea .   jose mourinho said on friday he would make a late decision on costa 's fitness .   his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the emirates stadium .
alastair cook is the first test in the test series of his career .   england captain alastair cook in the nets for his career on monday .   kevin pietersen is the new director of cricket .
jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over attack on top gear producer .   victim oisin tymon said he did not want to press charges .   north yorkshire police have decided to drop probe without taking action against clarkson .
southampton manager ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer for a bigger club .   barcelona and neymar are not of interest to koeman after his first season in english football .   only a point is needed to break record premier league points set last season .
didier drogba has scored 13 times for chelsea against arsenal .   jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his press conference .   arsenal lost 3-1 to monaco in the champions league on sunday .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking ` worn out ' ahead of the procedure .   but the ` horrendous ' scars produced by surgeon have left her bereft of confidence .   now belinda is to appear on tlc 's extreme beauty disasters .
the bodies were taken off the ship thursday night by a team of fbi crime scene investigators .   authorities will not say how the couple died .   the ship departed tampa , florida , on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern caribbean .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air .   noah apparently started performing the ` circus act ' when he was still wobbly on his legs he was lifted low to the ground .   he also clung on to one of his hands for extra support .
the profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 minutes , a news satire programme follows ` jeff randl ' , who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier .   with more than 300,000 views on youtube since late march , some viewers said they were offended .   jeff randl travels from lake forest to ` sweden ' to compete .
thai beverage chang beer was on hand to visit chaophraya restaurant in liverpool for a special cookery lesson .   roberto martinez 's men travel to the liberty stadium on saturday for their fourth premier league win .   england international has been sponsored by everton 's captain kim kaewkraikhot .
lord prescott suggested signatories were ` tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms '   former diageo boss paul walsh should no longer take over as head of the cbi .   103 corporate leaders said government ` has been good for business '   business spokesman said it would be ` untenable ' for mr walsh to claim to be independent .   17 more also put their names at 120 bosses .
ap mccoy was reduced to tears at sandown park on saturday .   mccoy was third on box office when he competed as a jockey for the last-ever time .   mccoy said he will break my records and all records are broken .
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn .   it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car .   his plan to get the all important selfie - and make an appearance on the street view map .
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops .   more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station .   police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs .
manchester united face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .   wayne rooney , ander herrera and all the other striker in attendance .   robin van persie could return to play against manchester city .
cheltenham occupy 23rd in league two and trail 22nd placed hartlepool united .   gary johnson wrote ' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league '   he asked his players to put their signature on it .   johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liz smith claims iac chairman barry diller asked her in 1992 : ` do you think i should come out ? ' but that he ` worships ' his wife diane von furstenberg .   the gossip columnist claims she advised diller , the chairman of media company iac , against it .   david geffen was gay in 1992 .
the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to view online .   in her will , diana 's butler paul burrell was bequeathed # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax .   possessions for # 21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 .
a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on .   many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute 's silence on at least five occasions .   father arron cutugno said he was ` disgusted ' by the choice to play music during the minutes silence .
the fulham fans are eight points clear of millwall and one of the bottom three in the premier league next season .   icelandic winger johann gudmundsson scored in last seven games against brentford at the valley .   scott parker was sent off for the visitors after eight minutes .
andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears .   she said that she will take an active part in their lives and ca n't teach them about tennis .   andy and kim married this weekend at a service in dunblane cathedral .
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but came back to grab ' a large handful of cash ' from the car .   the driver , an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again .   police said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash .
a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women who live alone in the eastern suburbs are fast becoming more likely to have a university degree than the men .   julie sweet has lived alone in clovelly for five years and has never been happier .   she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse .
a video from the philadelphia office features characters in ` safety suits ' including bubbleman and a young man in flashing lights .   the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone .   it is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones .
an airplane cleaner at john f. kennedy international airport stole almost $ 15,000 worth of items including more than 1,400 unopened bottles of liquor .   juanette cullum , 48 , was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property .   cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property .
instant poll by yougov found 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer .   12,000 people paid to see her speak at glasgow 's hydro .   sturgeon has most experience of any of seven politicians .
premier league side beat manchester city 2-1 on monday night .   chairman steve parish says alan pardew will have funds to improve the squad in the summer .   parish has been at palace since he and his consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010 .
juventus director pavel nedved reveals that barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp .   the czech star has been linked with a move to paris st germain this summer .   barca are also interested in signing the midfielder .
naz shah has previously claimed she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused .   mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate .   he also accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about pakistan .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl '   but the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin '   mchenry encourages her blog readers to ` be the woman with a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone '   britt mchenry posted this selfie as an advanced towing employee in arlington , virginia .
natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt .   her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she would almost lose her legs .   natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
a chihuahua puppy was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california , with injuries to its ears and stomach .   it is believed the pet , who has been named fireman by its rescuers , was burned by chemicals at a foster home .   the dog was found covered in horrific burns is recovering .
kevin wimmer will move to england this summer .   cologne defender is wanted by spurs in a # 4.4 million deal .   he says it would be a ` dream ' to join mauricio pochettino 's side .
ankit keshri had passed away after suffering cardiac arrest .   keshri collided with team-mate as they attempted to take catch in senior one-day match match in kolkata .   former national team captain sachin tendulkar died in hospital on monday .
newcastle united had more than # 34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year .   the club 's full accounts registered with companies house on monday show that # 38.6 million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a # 4.5 million overdraft and leaving # 34.1 million available .   newcastle had lost their last five premier league matches .
philip gigante , 41 , was the head of the genovese crime family .   he was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york .   he will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job .
hundreds of british teenagers see isis as ` pop idols ' like one direction and justin bieber .   nafir afzal said teenagers are at risk of ` jihadimania ' and warned that ` another 7/7 ' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes to the way it .   mr afzal said children are ` manipulated ' by islamists .
red mazda had careered off road up someone 's drive and crashed straight into the front of a house .   it hit the property with its front end completely destroyed int he became stuck in the wall .   the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries .
paris saint-germain defender david luiz was at fault for both goals .   neymar sent the ligue 1 side out of the champions league .   itv pundit roy keane offered the defender 's performance .
baby elephant captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque .   with its front left leg already placed on its mother 's neck , the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg .   the footage shows the youngster named jazmine approaching its mother rozie .
samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed , slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her , a court was told .   tushingham was given a 26-week sentence suspended for 12 months and ordered to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail .   judge told him he was ` almost too dangerous ' for prison .
steven naismith has won the spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work .   the 28-year-old has worked with job centre plus and dyslexia scotland .   the toffees forward is the latest recipient of the barclays spirit .
a new kansas law tells poor families that they ca n't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts .   the list of do n'ts runs to several dozen items . more than 20 other states have such lists .
hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to ben cousins .   officers also accessed files containing information about daniel kerr .   pair both made headlines in recent months for different incidents .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 4-0 at the bernabeu on tuesday night .   carlo ancelotti 's side lost both la liga matches this season .   brazil international marcelo says real madrid 's this season 's meetings .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london .   he was the ` damp-looking dirty blackness ' of the east end .   he was a neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes .
ronald pearson was serving in the raf police and the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war .   the couple , who met during the war , died last month within two days of each other .   her husband followed two days later aged 94 .
st george 's day takes place on april 23 every year .   temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country were able to go forward .   morris men joined by trucks and horses .
violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ` islamic course ' , it was reported by anti-isis informants in the city .   those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass .   rbss says the sanctions are ` volatile and changeable ' but they are more stringent .
the new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics will be held in tokyo .   tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks .   the recently-opened terminal will be used for low-cost carriers .
liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime .   shannen can be heard asking liz : ` are you hungry '   liz will do it for one of shannen 's pet lamb winter .   dragon is a snake and a number of vine videos .
matthew connolly has only been at the club for a month .   watford were made to sweat for the three points after 10-man nottingham forest .   almen abdi scored watford 's third goal in second on goal difference .
leigh griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble in celtic 's premiership win over kilmarnock .   but parkhead manager said the striker was not a good player .   ronny deila said the forward 's ` impact sub ' performance .
storm chaser dan robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood .   estimates suggest less than 1 % of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction .   lightning is caused by the build up of electrostatic charge in clouds .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 at the top of the bundesliga .   robert lewandowski scored his second goal of the match at the end of his first season .   bayern also had a goal disallowed before thomas muller scored two goals .
the european space agency is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000 mph .   experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit .   this month marked the start of preliminary design work on esa 's asteroid impact mission , or aim will also be the agency 's first investigation of planetary defence techniques .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ` money '   mayweather has posted pictures of himself counting money and of his wealth on social media .   mayweather posted a picture to social media sites at the laureus sports awards on the 30th anniversary of his blockbuster fight with his uncle roger on the pads in las vegas .   hagler 's fight with hearns is set to be a champion .
hulk at the premiere of the avengers : age of ultron movie .   the 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at zenit until the end of the 2018-19 season .   zenit 's no 7 's previous deal was worth more than # 2m a year .
alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered # 40-60million .   pardew slapped a # 20m price tag on the 25-year-old 's head with liverpool .   pardew says all his players are ` undervalued ' as selhurst park club bid .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed .   he was arrested with eight relatives in a remote turkish border town .   he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman into manchester airport .
barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours , and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board .   the app allows the user to select their area , and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris .   in london hotels , it has signed up include h10 heathrow and gatwick .
the winter soldier died in a 2013 car crash at the age of 40 .   his work on the film was completed using digital technology .   the film would open in the $ 115 million range .
memphis commercial appeal reports laura eugenia smith faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication .   police say she smelled of alcohol and tripped and fell into them .   she was so drunk she could take over the wheel of her car .
mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly molested another patient at his marylebone surgery .   she asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck .   he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon '   dr jawad took a bottle of vodka from her native poland as a gift .
manchester city 's james milner could leave as a free agent .   england 's premier league clubs set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   johnson is on loan at the world cup .
england ace joe hart said gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game '   england and manchester city goalkeeper won his 50th cap at juventus stadium .   hart has said buffon is ` 50 ' at 37 years old .   england ace hart has been linked with his own cap .
miss kensit , 47 , appeared in magazine 's regular ` queen of everything ' feature .   she said the duchess of cambridge would be her ` regal inspiration '   the duchess is famous for philanthropy but not .   actress patsy kensit made comments in interview with stylist .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods .   in the ultraviolent restaurant in shanghai , fish and chips are served up to a fish and chip supper .   researchers found people enjoyed their wine more while listening to ` paired ' music .
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen .   the oklahoma city bombing planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh killed 168 american people .   her mother , stepfather , sister and cousins at home in choctaw , oklahoma .
michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998 .   owen scored a hat-trick in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday on february 14 , 1998 .   england 's michael owen is on a run against argentina at the 1998 world cup .
mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut with van amersfoort on wednesday .   the 16-year-old was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he crashed last month - but once again ended up going off the track .   the protege was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the lausitzring speedway in brandenburg , eastern germany .
` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .   neanderthals may have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
rihanna cooper , 21 , became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment .   but part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female called a halt to it .   rihanna insists she was too young to be allowed to swap sexes in the first place .
a man charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students in durham , north carolina , can face a death penalty trial .   prosecutors said hicks is ` death penalty qualified ' after he was charged with three counts of first-degree murder .   police say hicks , 46 , appears to have been motivated by a long-running dispute over parking spaces at the chapel hill condominium complex .   he lived in the same building as barakat and his wife .
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct solar panels , trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit .   spiderfab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit .   spiderfab uses arachnid-like droids to construct large objects in orbit .
iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale are out of the clash with eibar .   cristiano ronaldo 's yellow card against rayo vallecano was rescinded .   jese is to start his first game in 389 days in bale .
shocking footage released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers outside a party in brisbane 's south spiraled out of control on tuesday night .   the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter .   police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers after members of the community centre tried to break up the fight .
at a visit to the age uk in plymouth , david cameron travelled to all four home nations in his bid to secure votes ahead of the may 7 election .   the prime minister was been forced to defend michael fallon after defence secretary claimed ed miliband would stab britain 's national interest in the back .   the tory leader has also had to wade as ed miliband 's most popular political leader for first time .
michael o'leary shared a photo of two staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 .   ryanair and aer lingus fly out of terminal 1 at dublin airport .   ryanair have been accused by rivals aer lingus lingus .
barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the football league on saturday .   mauro vilhete scored his fourth spell in charge of the club .   bristol rovers would have won barnet 's place in the south west .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year .   its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil and is likely to lead to higher prices for shoppers in britain and the world .   puglian growers have said it wo n't stop the bacteria 's spread .
new zealand all-rounder corey anderson is a doubt for next month 's series in england after breaking a finger .   corey cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions , and the england captain is part of three of them .   jonathan trott could miss the test series with a broken finger .
dedicated employee judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week .   she says it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted .   ` it 's like my home away from home and i just love it here , ' eddingfield said .
hidden cameras credited with 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned from motorways within months .   new figures revealed at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year - a quarter more than in the previous year .   increase has been put down to ` smart motorways ' which use cameras as hadecs .
scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock .   the mineral veins were found at a site called ` garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm -lrb- 2.5 inches -rrb- .   the ridges contain both bright and dark material .
cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes , researchers say .   cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2 billion in 2000 to more than 13.7 billion in 2011 .   cigar use is on rise in us .
marissa holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - was fired from popeyes after an armed robber made off with $ 400 on her shift says she has been offered her job .   only marissa holcomb is n't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in channelview , texas .   now popeyes have offered to take holcomb back and have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay .
wigry national park , in poland , is a wigry break in poland .   it is located in poland 's national park .   there is a national park in wigry forest .
marco evaristti poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir natural hot spring in iceland .   he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism '   artist marco evarastti said nature belonged to ` no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities .   icelandic authorities jailed chilean national for 15 days .
the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in .   the idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history .   it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and women 's clothing also worth around # 40,000 .
defence secretary michael fallon claimed the labour leader was willing to trade away britain 's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the scottish nationalists .   mr miliband said the campaign had ` descended into the gutter ' and claimed david cameron ` should be ashamed '   snp leader nicola sturgeon said ed miliband is ` so desperate ' for power he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp .   labour said it would go ahead with four new trident nuclear submarines .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .   estate agents in london are said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the levy will hit his own home in north london .
george ford , dave attwood , jonathan joseph and anthony watson return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by ireland last month .   bath centre joseph has a point to prove after england 's six nations defeat in dublin .   bath head coach mike ford will be among bath 's england contingent in dublin on saturday .
real madrid beat atletico madrid in the quarter-finals of last year 's champions league final .   fernando hierro believes real madrid can win for a second successive season .   hierro won the champions league three times as captain .
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be awarded with prestigious special merit awards by the pfa on sunday .   gerrard and lampard will meet up with new mls franchise new york city fc .   gerrard will join la galaxy at the end of the season .
a family pooch named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers .   the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat , had half its coat shaved .   stains ' coat was cut by stains ' owner stains hysterically .
callum ryan , 21 , had never run a marathon before running eight of them between january and september 2015 .   his ` eight great states ' campaign is running a marathon in each of australia 's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late hypoplastic frawley right heart syndrome .   the university of sydney student callum is hoping his body to the limit , a university student who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was 14 .
29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death on thursday , while talking to his wife in india .   mr saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below .   mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .
fc united set up in protest at glazer family 's takeover of manchester united .   the club are two promotions away from the football league .   fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may .
alexandra harra , 28 , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   she was found it was n't her university education .
david cameron : ` fears and worries ' remain on may 7 .   he says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration .   says it is contempt for most british people .
manny pacquiao uploaded a picture of one of the shirts made ahead of his fight with floyd mayweather .   the cheapest shirt has an 'm ' for mayweather ' above a ` p ' for pacquiao .   fans can choose to buy a shirt in the colours black or white commemorating the encounter .
gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik scored in the first leg of the europa league on thursday night .   rafa benitez 's side lost just once in their last 26 matches against wolfsburg at the volkswagen arena .   wolfsburg came into the clash with a third defeat on napoli .
a brewery has seen a spike in sales after bizarre twitter spat with teetotal politician george galloway .   matthew halliday said people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar .   mr galloway , the owner of the bradford brewing company in bradford .   mr halliday said he was no longer the mp for the area after parliament was dissolved last monday .
lars gibbons like this one in khao yai national park thailand use soft ` hoo ' calls that are similar to whispers .   yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators , foraging and when meeting neighbours .   a dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed by scientists .
ulster back michael allen will join the club this summer .   the 24-year-old joins alan solomons ' side on a two-year deal .   allen admits his move from belfast will take him out of his comfort zone .
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt joined alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday .   the duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital .   roberto martinez will be back in action for everton on saturday .
bobby moore died from bowel and liver cancer at the age of 51 , and bianca westwood , rob lee and clare balding .   former charlton athletic and newcastle united player rob lee got involved in football shirt friday .   fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk .
britain met the target last year , spending # 11.7 billion on foreign aid projects .   the uk is now the second largest aid donor in the world .   new eu rules could mean an increase of # 500million in 2016 and 2017 .
15-year-old girl named locally as leah price from nottingham area .   she was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries .   police say she may have been sat on the cliff edge with a friend .
the toyal lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking .   the bumps also create pockets that push air up .   in 1977 , german botanist .   botanist back into the leaf was covered in microscopic bumps .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week .   she has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name .   with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud has had to change her screen name to her married name , rojas .
louise smith , 38 , secretly plucked a young girl 's hair and put it in her food at the crown and thistle pub near carlisle , cumbria .   carlisle magistrates ' court heard this week that in reality smith did not have enough money to pay for the # 21 dinner .   smith , from eastriggs , near annan , denied fraud in february but failed to attend her trial this week so she was convicted in her absence .
leicester city defender marcin wasilewsk left out in favour of andrej kramaric .   david nugent suffered injury in the warm-up , ulloa scored a goal for the ball at the king power stadium .   leicester 's jack cork scored from leicester 's late second goal .
the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london .   charity bite-back boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins .
david king , 70 , had been missing for six months from his home in normandy .   he went to tea with friends living close to his home and is thought to have got into an argument with one aged 28 .   king had been living in france for 15 years .
another little girl was photographed in a jordanian refugee camp .   rene schulthoff realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that ` she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon '   german red cross worker rene schulthoff did not know how scared the girl was until he was editing the photographs and broke down into tears .   the photographer who ran barefoot through the camp late last year .
wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again .   but he was re-homed with a couple living in margate , kent , 22 miles from wendy 's farm in west hougham .   six months ago he has had toby since the 1980s when he was given to her by her late great aunt .
prince andrew has changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable women in calcutta .   the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom .   their kimonos , pyjamas , scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the british high street by topshop .
antonio conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august .   conte received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio 's knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier .   conte guided juventus to three serie a titles at juventus stadium .
nelson williams sr. of kankakee , says he is worried that kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son nelson jr 's murder , might attack him .   taylor , a 23-year-old from kankakee , is considered armed and dangerous .   he was convicted of first-degree murder in the june 2013 death of nelson williams jr , 21 , and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
aitor karanka scored the opening goal in middlesbrough 's 2-0 win at home to rotherham on saturday .   lee tomlin and patrick bamford scored fourth in the sky bet championship table .   daniel ayala opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the second half .
united arab emirates want to host the 2021 rugby league world cup .   the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries .   the hosts for the 16th rugby league are expected to be named in 2016 .
real sociedad midfielder gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season .   david moyes ' side had to score the lead through a xabi prieto penalty .   deportivo midfielder lucas perez equalised for real sociedad .
joe hart was unable to keep out goals by ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling .   manchester city are four points adrift of neighbours united and 12 behind rivals chelsea .   hart said city 's bid to finish their premier league title was over .
david cameron was reprimanded by one local woman for the ` name-calling ' in the campaign .   but he sang : ` f *** off back to eton with all your eton chums '   defence secretary michael fallon said miliband had stabbed his brother .   labour leader ed miliband launches party manifesto in manchester .
nico rosberg has published a video explaining his row with lewis hamilton .   rosberg complained during a press conference that his mercedes team-mate hamilton could have been caught by sebastian vettel of ferrari .   hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in july 2012 .   doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for # 50 a gram .   he claims doctors said he had between 18 months and five years to live .
betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday .   but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children .   this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
all of 36 units at redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given treatment .   but local council defended colour scheme saying it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home .   graham white , 76 , from penarth said changes to property looks like a children 's playscheme .
victoria wasteney , 38 , was given a written warning for praying for a muslim colleague .   she was suspended from her job as a senior therapist .   she accused her of trying to convert her to christianity .
ben davies will allow no room for sentiment against wales team-mate sam vokes at burnley on sunday .   burnley forward vokes and full-back davies were part of the wales team that beat israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifying tie .   davies scored against tottenham in the fa cup third round at turf moor .
beverley davis pleaded guilty of duping a royal marine war veteran out of almost # 10,000 .   he tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 .   her actions left elderly mr warren so devastated he lay in bed .
chelsea striker diego costa was forced off with a hamstring injury .   the striker was out of the international break with spain .   mourinho has scored more premier league goals for chelsea .
ashley young is willing to take a pay cut in his salary to prolong his career .   the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal .   he signed a five year contract from aston villa for # 17m in 2011 .
christopher wheeler , 54 , has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for dealing child pornography .   he had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $ 350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013 .   the discovery led to the composer and pilot being fired from a job he had held for nine years .
blackpool chairman karl oyston took a step in denying five football association charges for allegedly abusive text messages .   his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities .   oyston later apologised for his part in the exchange .
blackburn rovers beat leeds united 3-0 at elland road on wednesday .   rudi austin was sent off in the 39th minute for elbowing ben marshall off the ball .   blackburn players scored unbeaten away run to six matches .
a u.s. rc-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian flanker cut into its path .   pentagon officials have slammed the move as ` unprofessional ' and ` unsafe '   russian jet performed ` aggressive maneuvers ' at high speed in close proximity to the plane .   russian su-27 flanker ` aggressively ' cut into plane 's path .
manchester city face west ham in the premier league on sunday .   manuel pellegrini 's stars were trained on wednesday ahead of their match .   yaya toure and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave .
saracens director of rugby mark mccall was one of five england-qualified forwards in the saracens pack against clermont on saturday .   nigel wray spent last week saying the cap should be scrapped in order for saracens to compete at europe 's top table .   mccall said he has no plans of overspending in a # 5.5 m cap .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman and george osborne ` standing up for people at the top '   challenged about claims senior tories are ` posh boys '   ms harman went to st paul 's school for boys in the 1960s .   ms harman has accused tories of being ` completely out of touch '   harman , who said that he ` stabbed his brother in the back ' for labour .   labour 's george osborne said they both went to the same school .
male competitors on bear grylls ' show the island had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed an endangered crocodile .   suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual .   it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile .
michael slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in south carolina on saturday .   slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on wednesday .   it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on wednesday .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk .   when the wall was demolished the tree was uprooted to its new location northern gulf marine and cultural park in fangchenggang city .   the roots then became the trunk of the tree .
dave hax 's clever spud solution does away with peelers .   instead lets boiling water do all their hard work .   youtube channel shows simple kitchen method in perfectly peeled potatoes .
the 19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 .   deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops .   brontosaurus was visited by both churchill and supreme allied commander lord mountbatten during this time .
lord janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges .   janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer 's disease .   the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in april 9 note to lords authorities .
audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in saratoga high school .   audrie 's parents , lawrence and sheila pott , filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions .   the pair , who have not been named , admitted she was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family .
jurgen klopp will quit the club at the end of the season .   henrikh mkhitaryan and shinji kagawa were on target at signal iduna park .   dortmund lost two bundesliga matches against monchengladbach and bayern munich .
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark , her parents tanja and steven warned she may not survive .   doctors diagnosed a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go .   in the days after her birth , she was rushed back to hospital because the harmless mark had started growing into her throat .
gareth bale was forced off and faces a race to be fit for real 's champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid on wednesday .   the welsh forward ran half the pitch to score the winner in the copa del rey final .   he will have tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours .
sir alex ferguson says neymar is the next man to challenge for world 's best player .   the former manchester united boss has been a star since two years ago .   neymar has been in impressive form for lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo .
ratinho midfielder ratinho had hexagon panels shaved into his head .   ratinho 's side beat atletico pr 1-1 in the brazilian cup on thursday night .   remo 's side won 1-1 on the night .
ed miliband will do ` more damage to the country than he did to his brother ' , boris johnson said this morning as the pair clashed on live tv .   but mr miliband said ` come on boris , you 're better than that '   he beat his brother david to the labour leadership in 2010 .   mr johnson said labour could not take help from the snp .
john r. lind , 34 , admitted on thursday to tainting pat maahs ' drink with his semen while they worked together at beisswenger 's hardware store in new brighton , minnesota .   ramsey county district court heard he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away .   maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled .
livingston boss mark burchill believes darren cole wants to play in sunday 's petrofac cup final .   the ex-rangers youth has been mourning the loss of shaun cole , 22 , who was found dead in a miami street last weekend .   livingston star cole , 23 , was close to shaun and paid tribute to the army private .
barcelona beat almeria 4-0 at the nou camp on wednesday .   the argentine scored his 33rd league goal of the season with marc bartra .   luis suarez and lionel messi embrace as barcelona take a seven-point lead in la liga .
the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from .   each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but not on with an shot of just who could have made the item .   behnly , nine , has been in bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone .
chris gayle will be hoping to win royal challengers this year .   the batsman is in india ahead of bangalore 's ipl tournament .   gayle , ab de villers and virat kohli are the # 1.17 purchase of dinesh karthik .
mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for arsenal in the fa cup .   the chelsea player has struggled to win the premier league this season .   steve clarke has been in the form for arsenal since 1994 .
mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria .   but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing .   the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle .
little elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .   doctors say he wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness .   jessica and andrew mccrae are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days .
tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday .   pacquiao posted a picture of him 10 days before the fight .   mayweather trains with his uncle roger in las vegas last week .
measurements made by european space probe philae landed on comet 67p in november .   spacecraft was at distances of about 30 to 100 km from the comet .   some astrophysicists have suggested magnetism might have been responsible for aligning .
ben sunderman , 19 , has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a job off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video .   in the video filmed by his mother , he does not reveal until the end shouting ' i get the special education internship with embassy suites .   he freezes with shock as he takes in the news .
the bull shark took a bite out of his back , torso and head .   the man had a cobia fish and sling-type spears aboard the boat .   he was airlifted to st mary 's medical center 's trauma unit .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife , kacee tollefsbol , of lake elmo , minnesota .   steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law , the defendant described in a suicide note as his threesome .   tucker said that lou gehrig 's disease is the reason a former sheriff 's deputy in wisconsin killed the two .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license .   his letter was called ` we 're not in mayberry anymore , toto ' in a reference to the andy griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s .   he warned that there had been a significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response .
designer karl lagerfeld says her hair is ` greta garbo '   choupette is a japanese cosmetics company shu uemura .   choupette is so big she has 100,000 followers on twitter and instagram .   she is a birman cat and ` daddy ' as he writes his pet .
olivier rousteing has revealed he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world '   the couple have a 22-month-old daughter north - in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign .   french designer creative director says they are ` among the most talked-about people '   olivier rousteing said he was inspired to feature kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign .   the 29-year-old creative director said : ` north is one of the
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault .   he was arrested in a cafe after posing outside police stations over two weeks .   he has now been jailed for eight months .
poet rupert brooke was cut down in his prime during the first world war .   the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public .   king 's archivist patricia mcguire said brooke was ` promiscuous even for a man of his time '   the letters show brooke 's refusal to take relationships seriously .
sajid javid promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place .   if porn websites fail to comply , they will be able to issue financial penalties .   mr javid 's pledge is a victory for daily mail 's block online porn campaign .
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university have been accused of the deplorable behavior during the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17 .   the event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a break with their families .   some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters , who were attending a formal , threw beer off the balcony .
new bush tucker trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be king or queen of the jungle .   the new attraction has been visited by actors angela griffin , katie price and david haye .   the hit tv show launched the world 's first i 'm a celebrity themed maze .
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics .   the broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts .   the 44-year-old married alice arnold in .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   liverpool are ninth in the bundesliga with five matches to play .   jurgen klopp has announced he will leave his post at liverpool .
lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr. called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence .   the family 's lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order .   the new lawsuit alleges brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed .
brett peter cowan will file application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal .   cowan received life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 .   cowan 's barrister said mr carmody had met with bravehearts founder hetty johnson shared an email .
harry will go on tough bush patrols and take part in ` indigenous engagement ' programmes during his four-week secondment with australian defence force .   harry will be taken straight to the australian war memorial on arrival before heading to report for duty .   the 30-year-old will tour the world war i and army boss lieutenant general david morrison for duty .
qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident .   chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in sunday 's 1-0 victory .   qpr are reviewing cctv footage and have promised to ban those involved .
on the day the party launches its youth manifesto , a survey reveals only 15 per cent of people at university say they plan to vote green , down from 28 per cent in february .   since september , students who dislike her has doubled since september to 24 per cent .   labour has 35 per cent now saying they will vote for ed miliband .
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers .   rangers have even cut off the rhino 's horn .   but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety .
the revered al sharpton appeared on sunday in north charleston and is expected to attend a vigil for walter scott , the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop .   rev. sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church and addressed the scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon .   elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak .
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together .   the man can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm 's length .   the snowboarder is using a selfie stick to film himself in action .
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black bmw into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida .   ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by collier county sheriff 's deputies .   ebel is facing dui charges including driving with a .15 - or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
as a makeshift lid , tear-resistant paper cones can do with coffee filter papers .   use the 20 unusual things you can be used to buy baking tin liners .   filter coffee at home and filter paper cones over the dish .
richard hammond has released his first home video on a new channel .   the bbc co-host appears to have already launched a new career .   it comes after james may have released a video ` bored 2 ' videos .
indiana pacers guard c.j. miles scored 25 points during his side 's win over the washington wizards .   the pacers have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis - on the final night of the regular season .   george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on tuesday .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts .   she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs .   when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she saw that her child 's smile was strained .
troy university students delone ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning .   the footage was uncovered on a cell phone during another investigation into a shooting in troy , alabama .   bay county sheriff frank mckeithen branded the video the ` most disgusting thing '   the woman believes she was drugged before the attack .
the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am wednesday .   mr matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife .   jessica 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page .
marc tierney has been forced to take early retirement following a ankle injury .   the bolton wanderers defender is poised to announce his retirement .   tierney joined bolton from norwich in 2003 .
colin shearing , 70 , fled to france to avoid being jailed for a sex attack .   he was given a week on bail to put his personal matters in order .   but swansea crown court heard he had crossed channel and booked room .
luis suarez has scored 10 goals in his first 12 games for barcelona .   the former liverpool striker is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three .   lionel messi and neymar also feature in world football .
pennsylvania scientists have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races .   galaxies were found to be emitting ` unusually high ' levels of radiation .   this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars .
` pv14 ' boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the lights of the city 's downtown .   dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into the home .   the house 's walls are made of sheet rock .
louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to middle eastern country 27 years ago .   now hiding in shelter below her family home on outskirts of city .   comes after houthi militias began taking control of territory in yemen .
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot .   he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant .   he had intended to send the money home to his family .
stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for asmir begovic .   mark hughes is keen to keep begovic at the club after his goal on saturday .   stoke midfielder charlie adam scored in the first half at the britannia stadium .
european students on working holidays to act as au pairs industry experts want to attract more workers from asia where wages are low .   extending au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $ 250 a week as live-in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of six months .   childcare rates can provide a cheaper and more flexible option for families with more than one child .
transsexual kellie started the process to change gender two years ago .   the twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days .   she faces a six weeks recuperation period at her home with children sophie and libby , 14 , and may also go to europe for some spring sunshine .
john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia .   chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .   chapple used a 50 megapixel hasselblad canon digital camera .
ramiul sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal in the murshidabad district of the country .   mr ramiul scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant .   one turned violent as people tried to coax them back into the forest .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs .   156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria 's roads in the past year alone .   they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice .
daryl clark is expected to recover from a busted nose in thursday 's defeat at widnes .   the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season .   warrington coach tony smith believes the player 's contract with the tigers .
mother-of-two is part of a growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers .   mothers have reported powerful healing properties .   between 4,000 and 5,000 women have used the service since it started in 2010 .
gizelle laurente booked her son on a flight from darwin to brisbane .   he could spend easter with his father and younger brother .   ms laurente feared jacob 's dreams had been shattered when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service .
endangered bears kept in cramped metal cages on bile farms are dying at a rate of two a day .   farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age .   sources say owners are killing them to ` extract the last ounce of blood ' and selling their body parts to make chinese medicine .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night .   the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on .   sheppard air force base had closed the runway and turned off the lights .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot by the army in a field in 1974 .   he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at the police 's serious crime suite in antrim .   mr cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an army patrol when he was shot .
agbonlahor missed villa 's semi-final victory over liverpool at wembley last weekend .   the aston villa striker posted a video showing off his fight for full fitness .   villa are four points clear of the relegation zone in 15th position .
jobless keith macdonald has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over # 2million .   he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother .   macdonald , of county durham , says he 's back on the dating market .
the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m -lrb- # 273m -rrb- .   the referee of the contest will net $ 10,000 with kenny bayless and tony weeks both frontrunners .   pacquiao is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit .
the lowenbrau keller has released a social media campaign featuring the slogan ` wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman .   the same campaign features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel '   campaign group collective shout is being used for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women 's bodies to sell beer .   the women 's rights group has said that the two women are ` part of the menu ' in the campaign .
eden hazard believes chelsea have the premier league title .   hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy 's winner in 2-1 win over stoke .   jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the eight games .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .   barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
gregory van der wiel has denied claims he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club .   the dutchman says he 's not interested in leaving the ligue 1 side .   dani alves is being linked with a move to the french champions .
leicester remain at the foot of the premier league table .   andy king believes leicester survival is ` big ask ' after win over west ham .   david nugent has scored four points for leicester city .
the custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications over a three-year period .   the jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane .   more sleeping space is the ` aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel .
norway international odegaard dropped the norwegian from the castilla side this month .   the 16-year-old was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo as he paid a visit to the club he spent five years at during his playing career .   real madrid signed a long-term # 40,000 a week contract .
maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy .   the venezuelan athlete said on tuesday he was honored at city hall .
mehdi benatia was ruled out for four weeks with a hamstring injury .   bayern munich coach pep guardiola has only 14 healthy players at friday 's practice .   bayern need four more wins to the bundesliga title .
peter tait , headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education and should take back seat to allow them to develop naturally .   parents need to use their intuition to trust schools and teachers .   mr tait warned parents naturally wanted very best for their children .
grey and white cat marv managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner brendon veale 's garage .   the rspca were called and they were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free .   marv was eventually reunited with mr veale 's two daughters tilly and bella .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby 's salary caps rules as ` a farce '   the mail on sunday show his club 's wage bill soared by another # 1million last season alone .   the rising costs are the most in rugby history .   saracens now owe # 41.6 m .
the temporary power outage affected the department of energy , the university of maryland in college park and other areas in the district of columbia and maryland .   the outage ` briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source '   traffic lights also went out in parts of the city .   several smithsonian museums were evacuated after an electrical blackout affected the city .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina .   he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there .   bass had returned home after being deployed in kuwait for a year .
glory were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years .   ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth 's management to be removed .   the supreme court of western australia seeking an injunction against ffa 's verdict .
rony john , 15 , drowned on the first day of his summer holidays .   coroner has raised concerns over lack of swimming in the national curriculum .   swimming is not enforced for those aged 11 or over .
mark hawkins , 49 , barricaded himself inside the greyhound-style bus in salem , oregon , after he was approached by police .   hawkins , who was wanted in lane county for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance , allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle .   the bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head .
celtic beat bottom side st mirren in paisley on friday night .   stefan johansen scored celtic 's second goal at st mirren .   ronny deila 's side have only lost one league game this year .
children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz , a book about a child ` with a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .   some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender .   one unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit sean hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint .
dias costa , 49 , slashed face , arms , and necks of raiders , who fled property in getaway car while dripping with blood .   burglary took place in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba , in central argentina .   all of the men are currently in intensive care .
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent .   nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014 .   critics to accuse government of failing victims of abuse .
tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years , but all changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough .   mrs hills thought her kids had a bad cold , but then she heard their deep , booming cough that made them gag and vomit - ` the kind of cough that stops a parent 's heart '   lab tests confirmed whooping cough - an infection of the vaccine has reduced the number of fatalities caused by the infection each year to 30 .
elon musk pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company tesla to google in 2013 .   beset by technical problems on its flagship model s , tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy .   tesla , spacex and the quest for a fantastic future will be published may 19 .
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million .   the name of the buyer was not released .   the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , from stockport , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai .   clitheroe 's wife valerie had written to british prime minister david cameron to ask him to intervene in the case .   mr clitheroe will now be able to return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife on may 9 .
david luiz could be a doubt for paris saint-germain 's champions league quarter-final against barcelona .   the brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of psg 's 3-2 win over marseille .   luiz will have scans on monday .
dr martin luther king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee in a killing .   the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of king and former president john f kennedy .   king historian stuart wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future at the end of the season .   mirallas was one of everton 's top players in the first half of the campaign .   mirallas and lennon could be part of a swap deal at goodison park on loan .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas , on march 31 .   a man armed with a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter .   less than two days later marissa holcomb was fired .   the robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register .
saudi arabian citizen captured on camera in saudi arabia by mohammed mohsen .   car crashes were reported in other areas as parts of the arabian peninsula were plunged into darkness .   strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption .
floyd mayweather counts his money , the boxer has earned more than $ 400million throughout his career .   he recently referred to two of his three bugatti 's as ` cheap '   mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years , including 16 rolls-royces .   mayweather 's love of cars is legendary and has a third .
gigi hadid has credited her best friend kendall jenner for her deal with social media haters .   the 19-year-old model took inspiration from as she said former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is with her social media persona .   at new york fashion week kendall was allegedly bullied in her drink .
raheem sterling told liverpool supporters they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was the new home kit at anfield .   raheem sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new gingham strip to fans in the centenary stand on friday afternoon .   the new jersey design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance .
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .   he took three lice and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice .   two pairs of lice could generate 10,000 young in only eight weeks .
nathaniel clyne is yet to agree fresh terms at st mary 's in search of a move to a champions league club this summer .   the saints are in talks with the defender 's extension over an extension .   clyne has been at southampton since 2012 .
england go into the last day in barbados next week .   ben stokes left stranded on 182 not out .   west indian captain denesh ramdin left west indies ' second wicket .
researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ` kick ' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells .   the theory is based on a single patient case study .   scientists hope a new ` kick and kill ' strategy aims to eradicate the virus , by stimulating the immune system - the body 's natural defence mechanism .
cadbury has snatched two chocolate fingers from its famous packs .   packs of cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11 grams .   price at sainsbury 's has risen from # 1 to # 1.50 .
between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people in the last decade .   new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .   on average , three out of four u.s. high schools students aged 16 or older had driven at least once during the 30 days before a survey was taken by the cdc .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 3,700 people .   he was given letters by friends and family when he reached the summit .   the 33-year-old google engineer was given the messages by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he set off on the expedition .
owners in huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when rain started falling last autumn .   neighbours have reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and a collapsed pipe under the street .   family homes in huddersfield have four or five bedrooms and cost in region of # 250,000 .
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme .   mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years .   with just two million listeners , radio 3 is the least listened-to of the bbc 's main stations .
a zoo in ohio is celebrating the ` miracle ' birth of three rare amur tiger cubs after it was feared their mother 's biological clock had stopped ticking .   keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived .   this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets .   irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .
cryos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando .   the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer .   cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 u.s. states and 80 countries across the world .
bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of europe 's elite competition .   porto coach julen lopetegui believes bayern munich 's injury list will a leading role in wednesday 's quarter-final meeting .   lopetegui insists the 2012-13 winners still have an opportunity to name three outfield players .
ermias ghermay is thought to have made # 72million with his accomplice mered medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years .   ghermay , 34 , was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships .   he was already wanted on an arrest warrant after at least 900 people were feared to have drowned in one of the worst maritime disasters .
dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine .   she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant .   dr zhai 's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of chinese herbs .
michael frontzek has been named as an assistant at hannover from 2004 to 2005 .   hannover fired coach tayfun korkut on monday after a run of 13 games without a win left the league table .   hannover are now only one place and two points .
sgt. george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home following a 911 call at 7am .   officials said the officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute .   police say hildebidle was alone inside the house at the time .
xiao zhengti , five , was born with a congenital liver disease .   he needed his first transplant at just nine months old .   mother yang haiying donated 40 per cent of his liver yesterday .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london .   the trio say they do not ` share ' adam but are in a ` unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other .   the trio appeared on today 's this morning to set the record straight about their relationship .
jon bon jovi has sold his new york city penthouse for $ 37.5 million .   the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24m .   the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms .
tony pulis insists he has been told by west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on .   baggies chairman jeremy peace is open to offers for the midlands club .   west brom forward saido berahino will not let peace takeover .
british heritage brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag .   olivia palermo found fame on reality tv show the city .   she has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london .
gibson today admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies .   she said she was not seeking forgiveness .   gibson 's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans .
the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts .   runbase is the sixth runbase for adidas 0 the first in the u.s. .   it is awarded to the winner of the boston marathon , in boston on wednesday .
michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road .   when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head .   they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .
june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago .   billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom .   since then billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation of fans .   newcastle fans hold up ` ashley out ' banners at st james ' park in protest at the way the sportswear tycoon is running the club , with official attendance of 47,427 - capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52,000 .   many season ticket holders did not attend after swansea head for tyneside on saturday .
almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight .   workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , and ` they would n't be able to do the job required ' , new survey shows .   survey of 1,000 companies found half are less likely to recruit obese applicant .
jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding .   police had allegedly issued a warrant for her arrest after she failed to appear in court on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality .   ms driscoll was released on conditional bail .
the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to canada who will be hosting the tournament .   charlie brooks , nike 's vice president of north america communications , has defended the company 's decision not to promote the ` stars and stripes '   the us women 's team will be worn by the women 's national team at this summer 's world cup , features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow .   the outfits have been criticised as they do not represent the us flag .
manchester united lost 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night .   pep guardiola 's side were beaten by ander herrera at the world cup .   gary neville believes thiago alcantara would not have signed for united .
hannah campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture .   she feared she would not be there to help lexi-river blow out the candles on her cake .   but the split was amicable , with miss campbell and lexi-river 's father anthony mcmorrow , who proposed to her on valentine 's day last year .
kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days .   william 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as mother carole .   parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled list of ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two .
wanda madrid investment signed off on purchase of 726,707 shares for $ 45million .   the deal was initially announced in january but two egms were needed in order to ratify the deal .   wanda group chairman hopes to grow atletico 's brand in asia .
serena williams beat italy 1-0 in the fed cup on saturday .   the world no 1 can compete for her career in fed cup next year .   6-2 win over italy in a fed cup world group ii .
meeting between intelligence figures in moscow and washington revealed putin will consider any attempt to return the crimean peninsula to ukraine as declaration of war .   putin is planning imminent ` destabilising actions ' in pro-western baltic states .   disturbances are thought to likely involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in estonia , latvia and lithuania .
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .   it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once .   only people who registered on the site before this date are awarded between 42 and 41 seconds .
sean dyche says another manager has urged him to move with the times .   burnley are second from bottom with two points from a safe position .   burnley face burnley in the premier league on saturday .
karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys , who she met only weeks earlier on dating site plenty of fish .   the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield near mold , north wales , when jeffreys , 47 , followed and attacked .   he was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february .
ed balls was left stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds .   he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he last month said he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths .   labour 's shadow chancellor confessed that he had not been asked any maths questions live on tv .
real madrid beat eibar and sevilla 3-0 in the champions league on tuesday .   cristiano ronaldo scored carlo ancelotti 's side in the la liga title race .   real madrid and roma have closed the gap on rivals atletico madrid .
writers joked that cnn 's animations look like they belong in 1985 .   ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations .   but saturday night live has no footage of the iran nuclear animations .
qpr beat west brom 3-0 at the hawthorns on the 35th minute .   bobby zamora scored qpr 's second goal of the game .   chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers ' season .
photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower .   annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe but is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour .   in 1982 americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high .
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber which carried out the mission .   they are among a # 300,000 archive compiled by captain robert lewis , co-pilot of the enola gay b29 bomber .   the air burst at under half a mile up over the city .
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at a premier inn hotel where she worked as a receptionist .   bosses noticed the high level of refunds and cctv showed goodall taking money from the till .   goodall , of lemington in newcastle , was given nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just # 1 under the proceeds of crime act as she has no assets .
south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma .   in the aptly-named ` head to head , ' production , manchester united striker falcao and his manchester city striker falcao do .   the manchester city 's no 9 has falcao and aguero .
phillip buchanon revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league .   buchanon , who played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich .   his mother made the request in 2002 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton beat blackburn 2-1 on monday .   ronald koeman was in the matchday squad since koeman 's strike .   sam gallagher has not even been named in the striker .
lily sharp lives in the uk when she decided to prank her own mother .   lily began by texting her mother that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home .   the intruder now has possession of the phone .
the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers .   now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .   jamelia said she had found her comments ` difficult '   jamelia has since apologized to the furious backlash .
dick advocaat has refused to rule out at sunderland beyond the end of this season .   the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats .   jermain defoe scored a 1-0 victory against newcastle last weekend .
the video shows how angelo west , 41 , under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door .   west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .   boston police commissioner william evans was released from the hospital friday after weeks of recovery .
at the end of filming channel 4 's indian summers last year , koh phangan , an island off ko samui , was filming the second series .   olivia grant is a thai princess at sri panwa 's spa .   the indian summers star olivia grant was in phuket in thailand .
chelsea have opened talks with patrick bamford over an improved contract .   chelsea youngster is on loan at middlesbrough for the season .   bamford has scored 17 goals in boro 's fa cup win over manchester city .
tracey taylor , 34 , went on a violent rampage following the breakdown of her 20 year relationship .   she caused more than # 13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars .   two days later she returned to the property and broke in through front door .
the two chimpanzees living in a lab at stony brook university are the first animals to be granted the same rights as human prisoners .   the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ` unlawfully detained '   the decision by new york supreme court justice barbara jaffe has been appealing ever since .   the chimps should be set free and moved to a sanctuary in florida .
stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english .   18 , he has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools - and a ten big league universities .   brown , a bulgarian housekeeper , has accepted into some of the ivy league universities .
deanna rudison , 55 , has been charged with aggravated battery after new orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two cohen high school students .   just hours after the incident , the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery .   rudison 's son , jonathan rudison , who was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the gas station store .
kibulu 's mother rejected him at the nsw zoo where he was born .   so they called donna from zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney .   nine months later , kibulu still shares donna 's bed .
prince harry pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother .   the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but has declared ` selfies are bad ' during his visit to the australian capital of canberra .   the prince spent 20 minutes chatting and posing for photos in canberra .
ryan taylor scored the winner against sunderland at the stadium of light .   newcastle defender steven taylor in the last four derby at tranmere .   taylor is one of the best players in the north east .
waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest , near taiwan .   witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital .   the warning for a tsunami as big as one metre -lrb- three feet -rrb- forecast to hit islands in japan 's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern taiwan was cancelled on monday .
lisa courtney , of hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia .   lisa 's mother had to move to the smallest room to make room for her daughter 's collection .   she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items .
the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state .   south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify at a public hearing next month .   the chairman of a house committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks killed four americans .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at dwarika prasad school in railamau village .   shiva , 11 , was reportedly beaten to death for stealing another 's boy 's pencil and eraser .   the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home .
remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion .   but when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar .   her ear became inflamed with led to a painful keloid scar .
the west london club are believed to have made an offer for fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto .   the 22-year-old international would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea .   chelsea have made a bid for japan international muto .
the image , believed to come from a religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   university of sydney 's professor says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment '   the number of caesarean surgeries is to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .   last year the world health experts said number of surgeries needed to drop .
mitchell moffit and greg brown present an online science show .   several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are .   the pair discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us .
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in june 2013 , a cake after learning that they were lesbians in january of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons .   the kleins were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme .   the bakery must pay up to $ 150,000 .
record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing .   tens of thousands also assembled at melbourne 's shrine of remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions .   some leaving home as early as 2.30 am in order to honour the fallen .
cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the family doctor .   islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen , 52 , in january .   mr cosheril 's sister said she complained to guernsey 's health service after his death .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to 12 in half a year .   andrea hit her target weight in six months by using gastric band hypnosis was mistaken for her husband 's new lover by his colleagues .   the bank worker failed to recognise her .
harry kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days .   he failed to hit a shot on target in the premier league was on december 6 against crystal palace .   harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the champions league match against burnley at turf moor .
northern ireland 's windsor park suffered overnight damage to its west stand on monday night .   the next qualifier for michael o'neill 's side is against pool leaders romania on june 13 .   linfield and crusaders are due to play there in the irish premiership on saturday .
arsenal are the form team in europe at winning 10 games out of their last 11 .   olivier giroud ca n't stop with hector bellerin and francis coquelin .   arsene wenger believes the gunners bus is a waterfall .   david guetta 's lead single from his sixth album ` dangerous '
neil tuckett , 58 , has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t. .   mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable car car , with each one selling for around # 10,000 .   this 1914 model is one of around one a week sold by the buckinghamshire dealer .
blackpool are in talks to sign thomas piermayr .   piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .   the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine .   his friend jamal maslow was at the shopping centre .   mr polyakov is in intensive care after he drunkenly slid down a glass shopping centre roof and crashed onto stone steps .
thomas jordan driver , 25 , and fellow klan members planned to kill a black inmate after his release in retaliation for a fight , officials said .   the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight .   investigators said he faked pictures of the black man 's death to help build a case against three klan members who worked at a florida prison .
boxes of passport applications received up to # 3,500 in bonuses .   ministers refused to give blanket refund to desperate families who had to pay extra to get travel documents rushed through .   passport passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons .
former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb .   the england cricket board has led to speculation flower 's role on the ecb staff would conflict with the work of the new appointment .   kevin pietersen is back playing cricket for surrey .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , had confiscated her 13-year-old 's mobile phone and was leaving the house with his three siblings when the teen jumped onto the hood .   garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident .   garcia was taken to a hospital for treatment of his threatening injuries .
arsenal forward danny welbeck will face fitness test on knee injury .   danny welbeck picked up knee injury on international duty with england .   daniel sturridge expected to have recovered from hip injury to arsenal .
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants .
former manchester united defender has been critical of pellegrini 's side .   gary neville says manuel pellegrini should be ` able to correct ' it next season .   manchester city were humiliated by rivals united on sunday .
st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition .   it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .   global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs .
in essex and kent crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response .   in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes .   crime victims in cambridgeshire and south wales wait on average 14 minutes .
ukip leader said he gets an ` unbelievably ' positive welcome when he meets black people .   but he said party is only seen as racist by white people .   mr farage said that when he goes into ` black parts ' he gets petrol .
dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with yulia prohorova white zoloto .   her mother and nemtsov 's partner , ekaterina odintsova , says her new career will help her father 's death .   the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader has started a modelling career .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support for nigel farage 's ukip , which is running a ` save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election .   the pub was publicly revealed because of its policies on the pub industry over the weekend .   landlord matt farage said the pub had made a ` marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people '   the decision to support ukip is running up to election .
dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but was charged with manslaughter by gross negligence .   maidstone and tunbridge wells trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter .   frances cappuccini died within hours of her second son 's birth .   doctors said they should allow labour to progress naturally overnight .
dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child .   the incident took place on march 3 just past 5pm .   two men are forced to slow down to avoid hitting the animal and human train .
dina amos-larkin has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling 50ft from a hotel balcony in salou , spain .   the 21-year-old law student , from poole , dorset , was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago .   more than # 13,900 has already been donated .
michael essien 's # 75,000 range rover vogue made off with the 4x4 .   ghana midfielder essien had a range rover stolen from outside his property .   essien left chelsea to join ac milan in january 2014 after eight seasons at stamford bridge .
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure .   passenger frank angelo said he feared for the safety of his wife and kids as the plane ` nosedived ' 30,000 feet in just eight minutes .   an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane .
the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on friday in yuma , arizona .   detectives investigating the case believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and do n't suspect foul play .   they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital .
snp leader nicola sturgeon is rumoured to have hired a stylist to the scottish parliament election in 2007 .   miss sturgeon 's new style ` blitz ' dress is the # 179 knee-length 1940 .   miss sturgeon has been hired a personal shopper since 2007 .
roberto martinez complained seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium .   coleman had been barged by home striker marvin emnes with his hands .   martinez claimed referee michael oliver should have used ` common sense ' to rule in favour of everton .
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in queens , new york on march 19 , when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness .   the reporter 's mother lois colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss camille edwards .   edwards went on to tell mrs colagrossi how hard of a worker her daughter was and told her : ` you are the reason i am standing in this church .
alison saunders abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information .   former mirror reporter graham brough talks to media after he and three other tabloid journalists were cleared of conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office .   crown prosecution service was former dpp and now labour parliamentary candidate keir starmer .
paula mckay has been awarded # 13 million in compensation , a # 7 million care package for her daughter five years after a # 6 million sum .   she was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by c-section , but staff failed to recognise natasha was in distress in the womb .   she was diagnosed with severe brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the hospital where they were both born , two years apart , made the same mistakes .
hernando rivera cervantes reveals the raw power of a volcanic eruption .   mr cervantes spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles into the atmosphere .   it is thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month .   an arrest warrant alleges kincannon 's wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car .   griffith told police kincannon threatened to kill her , himself and her family during the incident .
ho chi minh city has just been named one of the fastest growing in the world among the super-rich .   over the past 10 years , the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent .   ho chi mihn city has seen 400 per cent growth .
an unidentified concert goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt featuring the words ` eat sleep rape repeat '   the offensive photograph was shared on sunday by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump .   ` this guy wins the award for worst fashion/lifestyle choices @coachella , ' one critic tweeted .   the shirt was released in 2013 .
tim mcnaughton 's body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton 's near a shooting range at a farm in the caves , near rockhampton in queensland on tuesday .   tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the northern territory police .   the deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it 's revealed a third man , lindsay hart , escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him .
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the kidulthood writer .   a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon 's account to mr clarke 's account from march 5 to december 19 .   last month the actor was sectioned under the mental health act after being charged with possession of a machete in public .
tracey cox says gwyneth and chris ' amicable split made them ` closer than they ever have been '   couple on how to stay friends with an ex .   chris martin , the couple 's split from gwyneth , is to make apple and moses happy .   do you know how to split your new partner .
yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala all wear gloves at old trafford .   goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling among four players in the manchester derby .   temperatures in the north west on sunday were late for 90 minutes .
the images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva .   it was first practiced in 960 ad .   the men , from st petersburg , release a cormorant , thousand year old tradition alive .
michael carrick wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over .   the former west ham midfielder says he wants to try his hand at formula one .   carrick talks to united assistant ryan giggs .
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps .   hillary 's two ` scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop .   mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire .
ranette afonso , 42 , is set to marry marko conte , 30 , in october .   they fell head over wheels in love and moved in two months of bump .   ranette 's 20-year marriage came into her life at the end of august 2013 .
more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year .   groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .   each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes .
jake malone met a woman calling herself ` rili ' on a social website 11 months ago .   she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit .   mr malone discovered the office had been closed for years .
tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract .   swiel spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term .   tim swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court for indecent assault hearing .   new south wales police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign at enmore theatre on australia day this year .   he and the teenager were dancing and kissing before she tried to move away from him .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
between friday and sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the sicilian channel .   nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya .   at least 480 migrants lost their lives during crossings in the first three months of this year .
fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   former sports minister gerry sutcliffe says the fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club 's then chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1995 .   mp for bradford city council says he knew heginbotham ` flew by the seat of his pants '   judge ruled fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   food service said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not be as bad as it .   after the photo of her child 's lunch , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .
peter gale , 47 , was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey for ` unprofessional and inappropriate conduct ' two weeks ago .   school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts .   school 's governors failed to release any more details .
jack grealish takes to aston villa for first premier league start on tuesday night .   ireland under 21 international says he is n't about to change .   the aston villa teenager says he will carry on that way .
the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a ` known threat ' to lax from isis .   officials found out isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot .   security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way .
anthony mann , 78 , was spared jail for killing his wife janet at their home .   he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre .   mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife 's chest after she asked him to end his life .
the move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the second world war .   the brand is called the army of russia .   as the russian military machine in ukraine , it has also branched out into a new fashion line .
surrender order issued by german president karl doenitz on may 8 , 1945 .   it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested .   grand admiral doenitz is expected to fetch # 21,000 when it goes under the hammer .
the cookbook , which was supposed to be released last month was delayed before being cancelled completely by pan macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .   the pair did address the controversial ` happy tummy brew ' recipe which attracted criticism for it 's ingredients .   the recipe is based on a formula by a us health company called weston a price .
alan stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby .   hearts head coach robbie neilson and jambos ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for a public display of acknowledgement for the title winners at easter road .   stubbs says he feared there would have been crowd trouble if he agreed to have his hibs team form a guard .
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , apologized to a military mother for belittling the sacrifice of her son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2 , 2006 .   he was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery .   his mother debbie was outraged when dempsey wrote off the city as ` not symbolic in any way '   the 28-year-old , the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded .
` i 'm regularly voted their least popular cabinet member , ' he says .   david cameron and george osborne describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative '   vince cable wants a substantial role in government and working with conservatives again .   labour mps say labour would walk general election .
british boxer nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year .   adams will return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week .   adams said she has no plan to retain her crown .
barcelona goalkeeper marc-andre ter stegen is keen to impress manager luis enrique in the champions league .   the 22-year-old failed to make his la liga debut at the nou camp in the summer .   ter stegen was part of the first leg against paris saint germain .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court for second-degree murder in the death of his wife kelly robarge , 42 .   her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity .   robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
andy murray and kim sears leave dunblane cathedral after first pictures of kim sears in her wedding dress .   wedding dress choices are so far they fall into camps - short , boho , quirky traditional and more .   prince william and kate are married in 2011 at westminster abbey .
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august .   mauresmo was appointed as andy murray 's coach last summer .   murray , 27 , won wimbledon and the australian open titles in 2006 .
newcastle face swansea at st james ' park on saturday .   fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of 3-1 defeat at home to spurs .   at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost sixth game on spin .
one of the muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop .   when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees .   an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week .
the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .   only one-metre wide .   do you know what you want to go to you .
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a swimming pool closed down and has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk .   it 's april and his first proper swim of the year .   the poet byron is one of the most famous people who swim in the east coast .
tim sherwood scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers .   the aston villa manager led the villa attack against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game .   christian benteke scored the opening goal against tottenham .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina , for his alleged role in the abduction and torture of a female employee at the business .   gay , who is originally from feltonville , pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers employee on april 4 in philadelphia .   the woman was told she was going to die by the three men in ski masks .
steve davis will face 1997 world champion ken doherty on saturday .   davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's world championship at the crucible .   davis will also take on jimmy white and reanne evans in his opener .
eve stratford was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on september 3 .   she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning .   eve stratford , 22 , was stabbed between eight and 12 times when she was murdered on the evening of 18 march 1975 .
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's chinese grand prix .   the mercedes driver will be back in control for weekend 's grand prix .   ferrari and sebastian vettel win his fourth race in china .
as the first weekend of the arts and music festival , a coachella suspect has been crop up each year .   one festival goer dressed models in clinging nude bodystockings .   her skin tight body suit was teamed with gladiator sandals .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the worse in the second half of this week .   ice cream vendor katy alston , 47 , said the good weather has sent ice cream sales through the roof .   some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off .
england beat st kitts match in st kitts on 76 for seven .   england play 17 tests on first day of tour match with alastair cook .   mark wood was in for his first bowl for england .
gael monfils beat roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 .   the frenchman beat the former world no 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller .   monfils will face grigor dimitrov in the world no 18 .
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla after years of work with specialist growers in thailand .   it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit .   the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango .
lewis hamilton will replace kimi raikkonen at ferrari for next season .   the ferrari team principal said the 30-year-old has not played in the bahrain grand prix .   last week arrivabene won the race winner in bahrain .
john zelepos of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses .   prosecutors said in a release that zelepos diverted just over $ 567,000 from mystic pizza 's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts .   prosecutors said he 's agreed to paying $ 234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties .
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head , leaving him critically injured .   the suspect , who is described as hispanic , apparently had no motive for the attack .   the father then ran into the boy 's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting .
philippe coutinho arrived at anfield for # 8.5 million in 2013 .   the brazil playmaker has been nominated for the pfa player of the season .   coutinho made his inter milan debut at 18 .
kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the massacre at a university where nearly 150 people were killed by islamist militants .   elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university .   one of the four gunmen responsible for the mass-murders has been identified as a kenyan government official .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three .   landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at age 13 .   plans to launch her own baking products and become a tv chef .
labourer noeleen foster spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week .   a phallic shaped cloud appeared last week in zuccoli , 25km southeast of darwin .   the palmerston resident said she could n't believe her eyes .
corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was sentenced to 23 months in state prison for her role in the abuse in march/april 21 .   campbell believed the victim had hurt his cat , pebbles .   valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair .
known as ` ogle-2014-blg-0124lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile .   the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way .   astronomers have spotted one of the most distant planets ever found .
andreas rasmussen , christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh .   they pose for photos with the creature in new zealand .   the first fisherman is dragged into the water from the end of his line .
rangers winger david templeton spoke out about his former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .   former hearts star has been given a two-match ban in the ibrox .   mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and could cost him his place .
martin tyler was his old partner andy gray for the manchester derby .   gary neville in the sky sports studio for manchester derby .   united 's joe hart is one of the world 's best players .
fire and rescue superintendent kel mcnamara took a team of firefighters , police and engineers , but a house on sydney 's destructive storm in nsw has been demolished .   it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday .   it was damaged during this week 's storm in sydney .
louis van gaal and gary neville will come face to face again when chelsea host manchester united on saturday .   the duo have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona in 1997 .   the belgian midfielder has scored twice in united 's last four league games .
maria twomey , 42 , discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike .   she has left behind her job in nursing and has joined professional fitness models for three hours a day .   maria , from watford , became a bikini competitor at the age of 41 .
cheyrl rios does n't think a woman can be president because she has female ` hormones ' that would get in the way of her being able to start a war .   hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president on sunday .   rios ' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling rios a misogynist and a hypocrite .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes .   he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .   pirouz is heard cooing in the as she had been awake for a few hours and could n't help but fall asleep even in .
the models will include sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett , and lindy klim .   earp , 20 , is a former commonwealth games pole vaulter .   burnett is a australian ballet dancer .
kim jong-un learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine .   the book has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year .   kim jong un and his grandfather kim jong il won the race at the age of nine .
falkirk host hibs on the last day of the championship season .   hibernian manager alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's comments .   stubbs said the falkirk manager 's comments are a mistake .
jack grealish inspired villa to fa cup semi-final victory over liverpool .   aston villa manager tim sherwood will not repeat his mistake .   grealish will be in villa 's squad for the trip to manchester city .
mike and susan fortuna sued allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their daughter , mandy fortuna .   in november , a vermont jury awarded a new york family $ 6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan .   their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy .
betty willis credited with designing the ` welcome to fabulous las vegas ' sign , with a replica of the sign she designed in 1959 to lure tourists . she died aged 91 .   willis , born in 1923 in her las vegas home on december 30 , died in her overton , nevada , home on sunday .
the darwin man had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died .   phil and his wife vania own ultimate gym and fitness centre at winnellie together .   mr primmer won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association 's southern hemisphere championships in the men 's class two division .
total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax .   critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table .   current minimum wage for those over 21 is # 6.50 an hour and will rise to # 6.70 in october .
shannen hussein has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes .   ms hussein , 21 , cares for dogs , cats , sheep , birds , snakes , scorpions and camels .   the 21-year-old lives on a hobby farm in rockbank , melbourne .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday .   the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city .   eighty guests fled the fire and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
jack grealish photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide .   the 19-year-old was taken in a hotel room about six months ago following a night out .   grealish inspired tim sherwood 's team to their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday .
andrew wood , of havant , hampshire , was accused of urinating into ice machine at hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday .   guest reportedly told security guard there was a very intoxicated man on the premises .   police removed wood from orange county jail after he refused to stay in his room .
liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights .   ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday .   voters for the scottish national party are more likely to take on some light reading such as fifty shades of grey .
debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on high street and store .   debenhams say classic , modern styles are designed to make you ` look and feel fabulous '   debenhams vs white by vera wang .   in 1990 .
the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward , pinning him between the vehicle and a pole .   paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene .   another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital after a car packed with six passengers , crashed in melbourne 's east .
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .   johnson , 27 , has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 .   it is expected the case will be sent to the crown court .
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss .   the writer is believed to be america since the american spelling of ` apologize ' is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the u.s. way of writing it .   in the note , the reddit user repeatedly apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents .
manchester city players have backed patrick vieira to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club .   vieira would be a candidate to take over from pellegrini should the club sack to make a change .   vieira led bayern to a 7-4 aggregate win over porto .
marla mccants , from nashville , tennessee , stood up for the first time in years on the season .   she was taken care of by her three daughters .   she still refused to let her stand up and save her life .
rangers ' final-day clash with hearts back to saturday may 2 .   the scottish professional football league has performed a u-turn .   the decision was made after tv broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibs hit out at the change .
malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news ' chief health correspondent , dr. richard besser , in an interview that aired on good morning america .   obama today said he can ` fear a parent has good health fear '   obama said the health scare came in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter at the age of 16 now lives a full and an active life ,
alastair cook says england will leave antigua with a downer wicket on day five as holder 's unbeaten 103 to 350 for seven .   the tourists were halted by a pitch at the sir vivian richards stadium .   in the end of the eight wickets they could see five wickets in the first test .
developers at open garden have built a small egg-shaped gadget that acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily .   firechat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times .   it creates what 's called a wireless mesh network that connects phones to each other .
the england international was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps .   hales scored his runs from 250 balls , with 37 fours and a six .   two for 58 and jack brooks scored in a third wicket stand of james taylor .
victor moses has returned to chelsea after being ruled out for the season .   stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for moses in the summer .   the potters have opened talks with ligue 1 side evian .
sean jefferson , 45 , and elizabeth jowitt , 37 , pleaded guilty to two counts of handling stolen goods at york magistrates ' court this week .   some of the touching items were from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer .   the couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47-week curfew .
george nagobads was visiting his wife 's grave at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave .   he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .   nagobads was the doctor fro the ` miracle on ice ' team that won olympic gold in 1980 .
birth of prince george 's new brother or sister expected to happen later this week .   mrs middleton , both the anmer nursery and the one at kensington palace , have been given a beatrix potter theme .   kate had pots of pink paint delivered to anmer hall from annie sloane store .
erica leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer during a strip search .   mother of three was arrested on march 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant .   she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence .
youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada .   the sports car swerves before smashing into the concrete median .   a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash .
chris hala'ufia halted laurence pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge .   leicester number eight pearce was sent off for saturday 's aviva premiership match .   london welsh captain ben youngs scored leicester 's first try .
the app is described as the world 's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts .   the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views .   the app quickly became popular in new york , california and colorado with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks .
the collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , will be auctioned on april 30 .   original features include stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food .   the house has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
nearly 3.8 million crimes recorded by police last year , an increase of 2 per cent from 2013 .   victims were ` more willing ' to report sex crimes and 220 a day .   experts say the rise in the number of reported rapes and sexual offences was due in part to high profile historic cases like jimmy savile 's .
wolf hall star damian lewis said the redhead stock is very high .   prince harry , ed sheeran and lily cole are among the hair colour .   prince harry 's book freckleface strawberry is a redhead girl .
the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on sunday .   turkey said it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis .   his comments had caused a ` problem of trust ' , turkey said .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube .   cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i apologize . i sincerely apologize .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3 .   the pair appeared before fremantle magistrate 's court last friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines .   the french men cost taxpayers $ 1810 each day they were
yevhen shakhov scored a late winner in the europa league semi-finals .   the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games unbeaten after last week 's goalless draw in belgium .   shakhov shakhov scored the winner for dnipro to book a europa league semi-final place .
fortnum & mason 's chotch egg is the world 's first gourmet chocolate scotch egg .   from yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made with marmite cashew nuts .   a marmite chocolate egg made for a fun yeaster treat .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights , stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america .   dayton , ohio - is a writer for free time about to return home to the u.s.   he has been on his credit cards since oaxaca , mexico , for the last year .   keyes said he had a two-month trip that would cost him a cent .
candlestick park has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center .   the iconic sports field has been home to the san francisco giants and san francisco 49ers .   the area is now set to become houses , shopping center .
couple insist they fell in love with ` calm ' of ireland on a previous visit .   five-star hotel has been given highest accolade by conde nast traveller magazine .   five-star retreat boasts luxurious pool which can be used for rooms .
anderson silva met with brazilian taekwondo officials and will compete for a spot in the 2016 olympics team .   the former ufc champion said he is ` trying to give back to the sport '   silva is a taekwondo ambassador and a black belt in the sport .   taekwondo president carlos fernandes said it will be an honor for our sport .
cheikhou kouyate has warned west ham must be ready to face a ` wounded animal ' at manchester city on sunday .   west ham midfielder yaya toure and sam allardyce 's squad were 4-2 at old trafford last week .   senegal midfielder kouyate is wary of facing manchester city .
hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river .   mass cremations have been non-stop for three days next to the bagmati river .   mourning families are trying to give their loved one in the hindu tradition .
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when ireland or england .   the west ham defender has been on loan from arsenal until the end of the season .   hammers star has an identical international limbo before .
the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole .   it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on amazon and android platforms .   if the player misses the girl she starts to lose weight until she dies .
greg dyke was given as a gift at the world cup last summer .   65 handed out in goodie bags totalling # 1million .   fifa 's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item .
four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett at gosford 's australian reptile park , north of sydney .   the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake .   mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from a king cobra .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy home .   three-quarters of uk renters fear they will never be able to buy their house .   house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years .
white-cheeked macaque , from tibet , has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .   officially named macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face .   animal has distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in tibet .
radio 1 's chart show has been branded a ` banal failure '   paul gambaccini says the presenters are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records .   gambaccini has said that ` ignorant ' djs ' sex appeal of pop stars for a ratings in ratings .   presenter paul gambaccini said it is ` no 1 album ' in ratings .
an italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest work .   he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media .   palombo says the response has been ` immediate and powerful '   the campaign to fight violence against women is ` immediate ' , he says .
the tv channel e4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election to encourage more youngsters to vote .   a specially-produced advert will be played on may 7 featuring ` darren ' - man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air .   e4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers .
the australian vaccination skeptics network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture .   the image was posted in response to tough new laws .   a president of the australian vaccination-skeptics network said the message had nothing to do with the group .
rolly robinson , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip .   he transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike with the help of make-up products .   rolly first had to shave his mustache and says he got to work .
some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar .   dr sameer patel , clinical director at elleven practice in harley street , has dentistry dangers of ` desk diet '   breakfast cereals is two and a half chocolate biscuits .   caffeine is phosphates and vitamin d in milk .
the united states needs a female president in a new interview with elle .   ` one of our core values is that we are the land of equal opportunity , but i believe '   clinton is expected to announce her presidential campaign this sunday .   chelsea clinton is now a mom and advocate for women .
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas .   he died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in texas , the nation 's most active death penalty state .   sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ` marty ' steinfeldt iii .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
using a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a ` trojan horse ' , thieves planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller .   while a price was being agreed at a table , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes .   they planned to walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery .
kiradech aphibarnrat won his second european tour title in shenzhen .   the 19-year-old won the malaysian open to finish 12 under par .   li hao-tong two shots behind with two shots to play .
wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower back ' a bit more aggressive '   the welsh international forward sent off in last year 's grand final returns .   ben flower 's blow on st helens ' lance hohaia was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league .   ben flower will return on thursday against warrington .
the adapted chair by sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg .   the santo seat would make use of space at the back of the fuselage narrows .   the seat won the prize as part of the aircraft interiors expo in hamburg .
the jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in london until 2015 .   the winner will announce 2015 's answer to 2014 no 3 pick blake bortles to the world .   last year 's draft will take place in the uk and the nfl network in the united states .
corey edwards , five , was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life .   his final wish was for his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot but his parents were warned he had just days to live .   corey died last night , five days after the ceremony .
britons spend # 100 million a year on cough syrup when a glass of honey could work .   the uk over-the-counter medicines market is worth # 2.5 billion .   some manufacturers use ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products .
ap mccoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at sandown on saturday .   mccoy 's penultimate race comes on mr mole in the grade one ap mccoy celebration chase .   his last ever mount will be box office on saturday for the last time before he retires .
carl hayman admitted toulon ` have a lot of work to do '   toulon will host leinster at marseille 's stade velodrome on april 19 in the last four .   toulon won the champions cup quarter final match with wasps .   toulon captain matt giteau has won three european titles .
tim sherwood will report to aston villa for pre-season training .   the 22-year-old joined villa 's academy aged seven and last year .   sherwood is keen to see gardner , a former england under-21 player .
princess eugenie , 25 , from new york , is the cousin of princes william and harry .   she wore a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie , which she wore with over-the-knee boots .   at the end of last month , her father , prince andrew and used it to video call his daughter .
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday .   schuyler took home a grand total of $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes .   schuyler is a champ that the four teams of two did n't even split their dinners .
michael david ikeler , 36 , was arrested april 9 and charged over the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash earlier this month .   the mother was washing her car when she heard the toddler scream ` mommy ' , only to turn around and find her daughter gone .   investigators had released cctv footage of the car - a white nissan altima from the crime scene in gardena on april 2 .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france .   limited edition of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .   first post box design took 10 years to repaint all post boxes .
liverpool target neto is wanted by psg and clubs in spain .   the reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old .   simon mignolet was dropped from the side in january .
consultant peter wilson said ashya 's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king 's decision to flee abroad with him before he had treatment he was offered here .   dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of five-year-old 's cancer returning .   mr king , 51 , said ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as cancer was in remission last month .
the fa announced this week england are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to retain premier league rights .   england have pulled out of home nations international under 16 tournament .   sky say sky 's price hikes are more than # 4.2 bn to premier league football .
prime minister david cameron will launch the party 's first ` manifesto for england '   english document follows traditional scottish , welsh and northern irish manifestos .   centrepiece will be pledge to introduce system of ` english votes for english laws '   expected to warn that england risks being ` held to ransom ' by snp .   manifesto is expected to commit cancer drugs fund .
tensions have been high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order .   the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management .   the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off .
dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session .   king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the rangers boardroom .   the south african-based businessman has cleared him to return as ` fit and proper ' in the final stage of approval .
the monkey interactes with a tour guide from a hole in a bottle in a water bottle to cool it down .   the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk , as if the monkey may do next .   the video was filmed on a hot day in bali , indonesia the video .
mccoy says kelly 's team has a college feel and he does n't like star talent .   mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso .   mccoy ran for 1,000 yards in four .
gareth bale wants to stay at real madrid despite strong interest from manchester united .   bale has scored 17 goals for real this season .   bale is out of real madrid 's quarter-final second leg against atletico madrid .
john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry .   he found a five inch piece of timber in his frozen curry .   the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada on sunday .   real madrid are four points behind barca and host almeria on wednesday .   ancelotti will have isco and james rodriguez available for the first time in two months since james broke a bone in his foot .
crystal palace 's xi is contracted to city until june 2019 .   jason puncheon signed for # 1.9 m from porto in august last year .   glenn murray has scored four goals in the premier league .
the scottish first minister said mr miliband simply ` wo n't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may ' and reiterated her call for labour to ` work together to lock the tories out '   labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland - which won 41 seats in 2010 .   ms sturgeon said ' i suspect ed miliband will not do any deals with the snp after the election .   labour leader 's visit to north london temple comes after
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , bought the cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 and spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years .   they toured the country with melvyn bragg in bbc2 series ` the reel history of britain and in ` george clarke 's amazing spaces '   ollie has had to spend five months a year on tour .   emma and ollie have just bough they are first home in somerset .
harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship .   the match will take place at the shah alam stadium on wednesday .   kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party .
jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea .   former liverpool midfielder seamus coleman scored in the penalty box .   seamus coleman was given a penalty for handball and jonjo shelvey .
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone .   stones were so large they could not be passed naturally , and he needed surgery .   david , 63 , developed large kidney stones .
bayern munich beat porto 3-1 in the champions league semi-finals on tuesday .   pep guardiola 's side lost first leg defeat in porto last week .   guardiola 's team resigned from the last four on thursday .
the new survey found women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie .   two in three women are also guilty of taking selfies before they post one they feel bad about themselves .   67 per cent feel anxious just having their photo taken .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
frances bean cobain revealed she is n't a fan of her late father kurt 's music in a new interview .   the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not into nirvana .   she 's the daughter of saint laurent cobain 's music .
authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since local police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana .   the customer called in the cops after kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in the next chow mein .   owner yu chou said the dog was saved from the owner 's knives .
detectives investigating disappearance of william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september .   detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously ' that line of inquiry .   the couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the missing son 's return .
doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station .   the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later .   mr gregory began flying during the second world war and was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe .
defaced statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes is tied by straps to a crane .   it follows weeks of protests at the university of cape town .   the monument has not yet been decided where it will be moved .
selena dicker , 38 , was at the same camp on april 18 last year when avalanche killed 16 sherpas .   miss dicker , head of lending for children to abandon her first attempt on the summit .   miss dicker was born with cleft palate and had been trying to raise # 45,000 for operation smile .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash .   only a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband , malcolm webster , from surrey , then aged 33 .   webster had drugged his wife at their home in tarves , scotland .
chen yuntao , 38 , has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p .   the family are already in huge debt after son minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy , and now the cancer has returned .   the family is 160,000 yuan in debt for treatment he has already received .
long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed .   the australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full ` dregs , bogans and third-generation morons '   he was offered $ 300,000 for the 2014 festival after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent .   the restaurant critic said he came very close to a nervous breakdown or suicide .
pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto .   bayern lost 3-1 against porto in the first leg of their champions league quarter final on wednesday .   the 72-year-old had worked at bayern for almost 40 years .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on wednesday .   the woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 .   the mother also claimed that the victim had made sexually laced comments to her son .
new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than # 5billion for domestic rights .   west ham 's vice-chairman karren brady visited club 's future home in stratford on tuesday .   the lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost # 289 , the price for under 16s will be cut to just # 99 , and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games in the top flight .
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in .   common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda .   relations between moscow and washington have soured over the conflict in russia 's neighbor ukraine .
monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg .   radamel falcao , james rodriguez and joao moutinho signed for transfer fees .   leonardo jardim believes monaco can reach champions league semi-final .
england cricket board chairman giles clarke chose one of the most cricket of the year , the wisden almanack launch .   clarke was furious mani 's ` disgraceful ' address had just sacked his england managing director appointment , paul downton .   clarke made a fool of himself at the lord 's long room dinner .
on wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across australian domestic network .   virgin australia package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights , which will complement the free in-flight entertainment on all its flights .   virgin australia chief customer officer : virgin australia product offering complimentary food and drink .
the 40-year-old rider has two final rides at sandown on saturday .   mccoy insists he will reverse his plans to walk away from the sport .   mccoy will never return to professional racing after sunday 's sandown .
pittsburgh-based schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in pittsburgh , pennsylvania where women are charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full .   more active protest than business venture , less than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes .   schlenker pop-up store , less 100 , has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap .
ronnie o'sullivan will face manchester 's craig steadman in the first round of the world championship .   defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday .   the tournament will may 4 .
us giant morgan stanley says a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ` greatest uncertainty ' of any election result .   he said labour would be ` dragged to the left ' by the snp .   labour would lead investors to predict a ` leftward shift ' could cause share prices to fall in uk firms .
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market .   aldi , waitrose and lidl have lost market share in the first three months of 2015 .   tesco has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last year .
the queen was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square , london today .   during the first world war commemorations , the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince philip sat for a portrait .   her majesty was joined at the event by her husband prince philip .
princess madeleine , 32 , looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican .   she is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer .   the couple have recently returned to sweden after years spent living in new york , where princess leonore was born over a year ago .
chairman of online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos .   the personal details of thousands of users of pharmacy 2u are being sold to companies that target the sick .   mr hornby was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 .
presenters holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together for garnier nutrisse .   holly , 34 , and 47-year-old davina can be seen cuddling up to each other .   they show off their perfect hair shade with garnier nutrisse .
the software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online .   the graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th century , with all colours .   they are available for free download - bbc .
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness .   eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor .   at the moment you can buy a single adaptor with a bluetooth remote control for # 50 -lrb- $ 75 -rrb- , with shipping expected in may 2016 .
graeme mcdowell has vowed to play ` aggressive ' golf to help improve his poor masters record .   the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week .   mcdowell admits he has made the cut twice in seven attempts in the masters .
boris johnson was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek .   mr johnson recieves an ethusiastic kiss - as female support for tory mayor .   mr johnson said he ` passionately ' hopes to stop ukip leader .
sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 .   teresa james had spent four hours earlier that bleaching her teeth .   she believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it .
novak djokovic issued an apology via facebook to a ball boy during the miami open final .   djokovic lost the second set of the final to andy murray .   the world no 1 has apologised to the boy 's parents .
john coyne , 56 , attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year .   coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court .   landlord was sentenced to nine years in prison for rape and five years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar .
davion navar henry only has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars .   he stood up in a suit and said he just wanted a family that would ` love him forever '   he was adopted by a minister in ohio when he fought with one of the other children , and the minister sent him back to florida and live in foster care system .   ` my name is davion and i know god has n't given up on me , so
ashley young admitted to being under strict orders from louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music .   the english winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter olly murs , who asks whether or not his mainstream tunes are played in the old trafford changing room .   young met olly murs after training to star as a guest on mutv show thursday focus .
alan pardew will target yannick bolasie leave for ` between 40 and 60 million pounds '   he will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season .   crystal palace manager pardew will be backed by steve parish .   palace broke their club transfer record in september 2014 .
corinne gump and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire on monday .   robert seman , jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years .   her mother , lynn schmidt , reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend 's home .   she was taken back into custody on monday and accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case .
the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday .   peta later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed ` the realities of the australian wool industry '   mr weinhofen took to social media to post an image of a real sheep .   people for the ethical treatment of animals also posted graphic videos .
ryan skivington from staining near blackpool took the pets , called ant and dec , out of their cage during a row with the girl 's mother .   he also admitted assaulting his former partner bobbi jo houston at her home in blackpool during the attack on february 12 this year .   skivington had also damaged a tv and ipad worth # 740 .
memorials to south africa 's colonial past were defaced by mainly young protesters as statues of british monarchs queen victoria and king george v .   vandals poured paint over scottish-south african missionary andrew murray 's statue in the western cape .   war memorials were also defaced .   in pretoria , the memorial of 19th century afrikaner leader paul kruger was twice daubed with bright green paint .
the 11th seed from kazakhstan won the first set against czech qualifier lucie hradecka .   british number one watson was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 .   heather watson crashes out in charleston .
ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook .   st. louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of nashville for the central division lead with just three games left in the season .   miller was hit in the face by ottawa senators forward mark stone 's ice skate after a face off on march 31 .
france legend serge betsen believes clermont 's clash with saracens will be won at stade geoffrey-guichard .   wesley fofana is up with brad barritt .   clermont centre wesley fofana was in impressive form .
romantic ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 .   she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months .   anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront .
bmw driver rammed into white bmw with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white bmw through his car window in east london .   he was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after the incident on april 9 .   the 25-year-old driver of the white bmw , from camden .
the driver of the car , a 16-year-old girl , was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for more than four hours after it veered off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff landing on top of her .   the girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal .   it took emergency services around five hours to pull the teen driver who has not been identified .
hizb ut-tahrir has reportedly joined forces with al-qaeda in syria .   several british men linked to isis are known to have been in contact .   maajid nawaz said he denied touching a naked lap dancer .
brian bayers told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house .   bayers thought his son jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open .   jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle , he backed over jackson with his truck .
sportsmail exclusively revealed bt had agreed to pay # 20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield .   the scotland women 's team will also wear the national jersey with the new cash injection from the strip deal had already started to transform scottish rugby .   the scotland under-20 side will be the first team to run out with bt on their jerseys .
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women .   it is made up of $ 2.8 bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $ 1.2 bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis - treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all .   the study has estimated the figure for women aged 40 to 59 .
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome .   the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will bid to add to riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes .   wiggins will hope for a capacity 6,000 crowd to spur on his attempt .
the 27-year-old will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title this summer , after the swede defeated anthony dirrell on points on friday night .   george groves connects his winning bet on jack to win by a points decision or a technical one during their wbc title fight .   groves will fight jack for wbc world title as he is a world champion .
manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles , california to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may .   the fight is expected to break the record of $ 152million set by fight in 2013 .   it will be the richest bout at the mgm grand in las vegas .
rajpal singh , 34 , had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach after complaining of an ache .   he had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and a handful of foreign objects inside mr singh 's stomach .   mr singh will still need another procedure to remove the rest of the metal .
deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop david cameron up in power .   mr clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless tories agreed new taxes on the rich .   but deputy pm defended his record in government with mr cameron .
scott keyes is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class .   his travel hacks in his ebooks how to fly for free and cheap flights .   keyes has sign up for cards in europe and south america .
justin rose is back training ahead of his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator .   the englishman was pictured using his state-of-the-art # 30,000 indoor simulator .   he posted a photograph on twitter saying his followers ` trackman indoor high definition golf simulator '   rose is not expected to practice in hd .
other building have installed so-called ` poor doors ' for use by rent-stabilized tenants while full-rent residents get to use the front door .   the human rights commission said in a notice that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex 's fitness room .   the rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65 , while market-rate tenants are n't .
mesut ozil is back to his best since joining arsenal in the summer of 2013 .   the german star says his injury has helped him ` worked in my favour '   ozil is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in 2013 .   ozil said 10 years of playing football has come with the premier league .
the salt card connects to an app on a user 's android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet .   the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -lrb- three metres -rrb- .   they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day .
brian o'driscoll believes roman abramovich style investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force but admits that scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous .   o'driscoll says it 's a money issue for english clubs .   ireland legend o'driscoll believes domestic game is needed .
the donington park lap record to take put his bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship .   the japanese rider powered in a time of one minute 29.455 seconds .   ryuichi kiyonari bettered james ellison on jg kawasaki .
andrew barr , who was principal of melbourne 's geelong college , has resigned after a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on the internet after being published on snapchat .   the school council launched an investigation which included a search of mr barr 's computer .   dr hugh seward said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards .
randy lerner plans to build a squad in his image for next season .   aston villa manager tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover .   villa are three points behind relegation zone in 16th .
bluey the cat could have loudest purr in the world .   12-year-old bluey has reached a maximum of 93 decibels more than the official world record holder .   bluey is said to be gentle and loving , and is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
zac evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester .   he is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down twitter posts .   richard graham was accused of posting tweets to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters by ` whipping up local feeling ' about killing of a teenager .
lindsey walker , from darlington , spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside .   ms walker , her partner and two-year-old son from darlington set out for their only holiday of the year , only to have it ruined .   ms walker booked to a party with escorts in the room next door .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games .   louis van gaal said he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for sunday 's game against manchester city at old trafford .   marouane fellaini has scored 10 goals in the fa cup against aston villa .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on new year 's day last year .   juan mata had scored united 's third goal during 4-2 win .   louis van gaal 's last five games has in the premier league .
kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000 .   she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 .   police arrested heath , now 43 , last september and two months at birmingham crown court after he admitted manslaughter .
micah richards will be playing next season at manchester city .   inter milan boss steven gerrard will sign richards on loan .   richards ' contract expires at the end of the season .
eden hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world '   hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united .   jose mourinho says hazard has joined lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo this season .   mourinho says he is one of three players in world football .
kyle naughton was ruled out for the rest of the season after david meyler 's red card challenge on saturday .   a scan on monday revealed naughton suffered ligament damage and the right-back will face a six-week lay-off .   angel rangel will return to the side to face everton on saturday .
study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry .   two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn .   more than half of those questioned reported having had sunburn .
john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club had not given him assurances of serious summer investment .   fans are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley 's running of the club and a lack of ambition .   newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .   sterling has attracted interest from real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal .   the liverpool manager says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber .
ferme de montagne de montagne and her architect husband henry was at the dorchester in london .   the french resort of les has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the french/swiss border .   the giant portes du soleil area is the latest in mayfair and france .
charnelle hughes , 20 , was hit in the face by a flying pint glass during a live gig .   she was struck on the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people .   witnesses said goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton .   after shooting eldemire twice , tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself .   eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol .
parents craig , 28 , and jemma , 21 , tie the knot at bristol children 's hospital .   corey edwards ' job was to hold the rings for his parents during the marriage ceremony .   the five-year-old is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect and had often asked his parents why they were not married .
ed miliband 's proposed change in the rules on ` non-doms ' would cost britain billions .   labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain 's non-domicile regime .   miliband said he would ` abolish ' non-dom status .
dj ` dr ' neil fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo .   the 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years .   one alleged victim says fox repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio 's studios in leicester square .
jahnae jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her boyfriend , jackson byrnes after he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago .   three weeks ago jackson was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson and girlfriend have raised over $ 80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon dr. charlie teo .
adrian heath is manager of the mls team orlando city .   the former everton midfielder has been here for eight years .   steven gerrard will join la galaxy in the summer after 17 seasons at liverpool .
garry monk will hold talks with michu at the liberty stadium on saturday .   michu scored 22 goals in his first season at swansea .   the swansea manager says he did not know whether he would be returning to swansea after his spell at napoli .
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns revealed as media personality alleged to have referred to houli as a ` terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the match .   the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment , and is ` mortified ' by the allegation .   he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused .
stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players .   matt giteau and drew mitchell for toulon .   toulon 's steffon armitage takes on leinster in champions cup semi-final .
alastair campbell posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today .   the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election .   it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk .
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday .   pacquiao believes boxing to be the best sport of all he will be paid for a $ 120 million with floyd mayweather .   the filipino star was in the ring at the wild card gym .
dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko is a target for the white hart lane club .   tottenham are also keen on winger kevin mirallas .   spurs believe they can land yarmolenko for an price .
amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food .   the restaurant 's menu pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana .   the restaurant has launched its pot-pairing menu .
antonio di natale won 42 caps for italy between 2002 and 2012 .   he spent five years playing alongside sanchez at the age of 37 .   di natale believes the arsenal forward is better than neymar .
eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the arizona coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday .   the couple turned around to see their son dan walking down the red carpet on the ice , causing both to tumble over while still hugging .   eitan has been stationed in afghanistan since november of 2014 .
england and wales cricket board director paul downton failed to do so .   jonathan trott and gary ballance were parachuted in to cull local team .   bairstow was 87 not out in a score of 303 day at warner park .
amanda holden , 44 , married record producer chris hughes in 2008 .   she has two daughters , nine-year-old alexa and three-year-old hollie .   holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and nearly died .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter weekend with friends and family on the caribbean island .   she has previously holidayed in the area with the pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years .   the bbc announced last month they were dropping clarkson from the hit motoring show after a ` fracas '   he will not face any criminal charges for the attack .
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved .   mr prabowo penned a letter to mr joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to ` postpone the executions indefinitely , he would support a decision to grant clemency to australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran '   independent senator nick xenophon said he was told by human rights advocates that mr prabowo was ` very sympathetic ' to clemency
lindsay lohan has recently began showing rapid signs of ageing .   johnny depp shot to stardom as a teen at the age of 39 in 2003 .   johnny depp is now married to actress amber heard .
john carver admits the club need to look at the ` dna ' of their dna .   magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies .   newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on thursday .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .
researchers at hadassah medical school in jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue .   it found in young , non-pregnant mice , 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days and in older , pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated in that time .   but in older pregnancy had regenerated rodents , only 46 per cent said .
west ham striker enner valencia chased juan cuadrado and douglas costa from shakhtar .   the 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for middlesbrough this season .   aitor karanka will go out on a new contract at stamford bridge .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united for john souttar and nadir ciftci .   jackie mcnamara 's side have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at home to ronny deila 's side on deadline day in january .   ciftci and souttar are under contract until may next year and could go for a combined fee of # 1.5 million .
bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt for their world cup campaign .   the queensland reds fly-half will move to france this summer .   quade cooper is the latest australia international to move abroad .
research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite .   on the left , images of normal hypothalamus pomc cells from a developing mouse .   when pomc neurons are absent , the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells are n't working .
youtube pioneers told reporter ricky boleto that the video was filmed for the family to send to the brothers ' godfather who lives in america .   now the pair , from buckinghamshire , have given an interview to children 's tv programme newsround to talk about the video that changed their lives .   in it , a small boy named harry davies-carr is sitting with his baby brother charlie on his lap .
viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out letter ` c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire .   viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' #bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong !!! back to school '   the presenter left out the word for the third time on the issue .   bill turnbull said he was ` one of those things ' by colleagues .
malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board .   the expanded search will ` cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis ' , australian deputy prime minister warren truss said .   the airplane is believed to have crashed in the indian ocean off australia 's west coast .
researchers from texas a&m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions .   drivers between the ages of 25 and 40 are the most likely group of people to get in an accident related to texting and driving .   arizona , texas , missouri , and oklahoma are the only five states in america that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers .
jean-honoré fragonard has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake '   but the gallery 's chief curator said he was impressed a number of people had managed to spot the imposter hidden among the rembrandts , rubens and murillos .   the exhibition has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .   the painting was produced in china and ordered over the internet .
electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o'gorman , back in 1913 , have been revealed as some of the earliest surviving colour photographs ever taken .   the images are part of the royal photographic society and are on display at the national media museum in bradford .   the woman in question was teenager christina o'gorman , posing for her father and electrical engineer mervyn o'gorman .
danny rose has attracted interest after a strong season with tottenham .   the 24-year-old was signed up to a five-year contract last summer .   tottenham will resist any offers for left .
interactive map created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb .   map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years .   some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity .
the formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen , and is a sun spot .   the phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is .   they occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce , making a specific section of the sun .
bbc trust chairman rona fairhead has said she wants to stay for a least another year .   two major investors have voted to get rid of her as a director of hsnc over her links to the bank 's tax scandal .   claims hsbc 's swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman .
andrew flintoff has called on the public to show their love for the blast .   the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format .   cook is at the top of the order in england 's series in the west indies .
since its construction in 1895 , its high walls housed some of the country 's most dangerous criminals .   government doctors used the jail in pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens .   the guards ran the cruel institution from the ` control room ' where they would monitor .
winnie harlow , 19 , suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with .   the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood , california , on tuesday night .   winnie harlow was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress .
beatrice tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month .   she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge .   mr tollman repaid more than 100 million us dollars to america .
reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid '   bright said she would ` snog or marry ed and avoid ' labour leader as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging young people to vote .   labour leader ed miliband has won one political battle as the nation 's ` best looking ' political leader .   the only way is essex star bright met labour leader lydia lydia on twitter .
ed miliband refused four times to rule out going into power-sharing agreement .   snp leader used a bbc tv debate on thursday night to offer to ` lock david cameron out of downing street '   but 35 per cent of viewers in the uk have not voted on health .   snp leader nicola sturgeon said the nationalists should not complain if its mps hold the balance of power for the first time .
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday .   jamie vardy equalised for the visitors in the second half .   leicester are the bottom of the table since november .
juventus defender patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would make a great coach one day during his time at manchester united .   giggs is currently louis van gaal 's assistant at juventus but says he has already taken some of his coaching badges .   evra left manchester united on a free transfer in 2014 after eight years at the club .
lebron james posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday , just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer .   in the letter , the basketball star praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' she had shown while suffering from diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -lrb- dipg -rrb- .   james , 30 , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ` dear lauren hill .
the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife .   mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .   the waitress was told to stop during election time last year .
aaron lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season .   lennon , 28 , has four games remaining of his loan spell at everton .   roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon 's loan spell .
the 24-year-old pop star died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft .   mr hardman 's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression .   mr hardman shot to fame in channel 4 's rock school after kiss frontman gene simmons made him lead singer of a student band .
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right football for the premier league big boys .   atletico madrid were beaten 1-0 after two legs against real madrid .   sportsmail 's columnist insists style of play atletico madrid would not play .
lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer .   players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time with titles such as ` man of the year ' being handed out .   james scored 21 points with eight assists for the cavs cavs .
sarah and russell have two children in new york for four years .   expert zita west : ` women go on the pill and are polycystic ovary syndrome or endometriosis '   ` i 'm too old to have a baby , ' she said at the age of 34 to be a father .   her husband russell was born with her family .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday .   poland international lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit to the club he left on a free transfer last summer .   former dortmund man lewandowski scored only goal of the match .
out of the six biggest greek islands , even americans will recognise two crete .   greece 's real estate is the most irritating islands in its history .   greece has become more than 6,000 uninhabited islands .
linda and george hunter raised four children in their home in garrick street , liverpool , became mortgage free around 15 years ago .   but eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition .   estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than # 1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council .
sir bradley wiggins , geraint thomas or ian stannard , believes the time has come for team sky .   sir dave brailsford 's second five-year plan for the team sky on april 12 .   kelly won e3 harelbeke in the gent-wevelgem one day cycling race on march 29 .
the duchess of cambridge played volleyball three months after giving birth to prince george in july 2013 .   camilla lawrence , a women 's health physiotherapist , warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body .   most women are due to give birth to her second child any day now .
photographer denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment .   amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier .   the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital .
thousands of children who fail maths and english tests in primary school will be forced by the tories to re-sit them to read , write and add up .   around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the english and maths tests before they leave primary school .   prime minister said children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school .
steven gerrard was pictured in the paper at the end of the season .   the former england captain is still suspended after his sending off at anfield .   former ireland player has been on a new challenge .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
fifa president sepp blatter calls for russia to be removed as host of the 2018 world cup .   republican john mccain is the top democrat on the senate foreign relations committee .   england are interested in bidding for the 2026 world cup .
jordan waddingham stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest near a creek bank .   his mother stephanie offered him $ 20 to locate the nest .   the nest will be on display at the queen victoria museum and art gallery in launceston over the easter long weekend .
manchester city keeper joe hart is more likely to be joined by raheem sterling than an academy player .   liverpool star has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions .   manuel pellegrini 's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league .
luke brett moore , 27 , was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court .   the 27-year-old goulburn man was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years from his st george bank .   he dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items .
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday .   a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the find .   the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow .
greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people .   it has long been abandoned and has been left to save a decaying asylum in the 1900s for the number of patients who committed suicide and were raped .   greystone are now known for its walls , flaking plaster and snow .   they claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing .
remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk .   the old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch .   his father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face .   crouching over the fish , quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water .   bowfin are native to north america , south ontario and quebec .
facebook 's sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app .   facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit , the links they click on and their searches .   it 's only available to selected people for testing .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire , 31 .   humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house and picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for easter .   he was jailed for eight weeks at worcester magistrates court .
about 9,000 people visited the hogle zoo saturday .   tuah 's parents eve and elijah , both passed away last fall just a few weeks after tuah 's birth .   tuah will turn 10 next month .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday in los angeles , california .   their attorney gloria allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour .   allred said she was 24 in may 1982 when she and a friend met cosby at the casino where she worked in las vegas .
rebecca rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves .   but it made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly .   she told her french teacher she had struggled with her nerves .
experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species .   consumers were told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks in 1980s .   industry has recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .
dzhokhar tsarnaev convicted on wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260 .   the jury will now decide whether he gets the death penalty .   tsarnaev 's conviction was found hiding in a boat .
jurgen klopp will leave dortmund at the end of the season .   jurgen klopp has long been linked with taking over from wenger .   the frenchman has two years left on his contract .
larry upright 's daughter , jill mclain , said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics .   she says his family to ask obituary readers to reject clinton 's presidential bid .   the group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of the democratic contender .
the caverne du pont-d'arc has been built near vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france .   it contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features .   it contains pictures of oxen , cows , deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration .
john stones was on barcelona 's list of defensive transfer targets last season .   the everton defender was on the stand-by list for england 's world cup campaign in brazil .   barcelona coach luis enrique insists on his signing of mathieu .
diane james , ukip 's justice spokesman also applauded mr putin 's nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of european union .   ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as a ` brilliant operator '   mrs james was the ukip candidate in the south east of england in the european parliament .   ukip 's election campaign chief said putin is a ` very strong leader ' with putin .
oxford university women 's rowing team beat cambridge for the third time running in the 161st race .   the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley .   but after years they were given equality with the men .
inter milan beat ac milan quarter-final in champions league quarter-final .   german referee markus merk scored the winner on sunday .   ac milan and ac milan are now in the quarter-final .
gavin thorman , 36 , operated his empire from hmp altcourse in liverpool .   he boasted in welsh he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail .   he planned to spend his money on new teeth , liposuction , ab implants and a facelift .
silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media .   grey hair is on trend with beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by haired instagrammers .   batalashbeauty.com gomez of big lips is white nails and grey hair .
harry kane has been nominated for both pfa player of the year .   the england forward has been one of the stars of the premier league .   pochettino believes ryan mason has been affected by the call-up .
a spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path .   graphic signs warning pilgrims not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela .   residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes .
luis enrique left fuming after 2-2 draw at sevilla on saturday night .   neymar was replaced with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play .   the forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season .
brian o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong kong sevens and found time to unwind away from his legs .   on monday , at home in ireland .   o'driscoll returned on tuesday with her husband in the royal box at wimbledon last summer .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful but he then made dozens of illegal alterations .   davies , 60 , installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house , and has now admitted breaking planning laws .   he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings .
dane bouris , 33 , was a contender for 2013 's cleo bachelor of the year .   he was arrested at his watsons bay home - in sydney 's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend alexandra dankwa .   his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa , is of european and african background .
abi , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a special effects make-up artist .   she says she was inspired to go into stage make-up as a make-up artist .   she says her toes are chopped off and her forearm is in a iron ` burn '   abi has a history of severed fingers using special effects .
jessica carey drove more than three hours to see her grandmother .   she surprised her grandmother patty lawing with the tattoo and it was captured on camera .   jessica had her husband aaron carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother on her arm .
orphaned chimp was found cowering in a tiny box terrified of the animal traffickers who killed her mother .   the men had been trying to find a buyer on the black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , in west africa last week .   many traffickers have already been arrested and sentenced in guinea sine they launched the project .
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on twitter .   the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself .   sam , who was reportedly seen ` cosying up ' with hollyoaks star stephanie davis over the weekend .
mario balotelli earns more than double sterling at present .   liverpool football club have made poor decisions in signings of signings .   raheem sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal .
adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman .   gadahn , who had treason charges pending against him , was killed in a drone strike in january .   gadahn 's father , a musician in california , changed his name from pearlman to gadahn in the 1970s .
the girl 's mother has blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter 's class .   she says she has now been forced to move her daughter to a new school .   blackburn with darwen council said they were powerless to act over the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram .   it is then followed by the world heritage listed sydney opera house with 134,641 .   others include the twelve apostles along the great ocean road in victoria , uluru which is also known as ayers rock in the northern territory and the big banana in coffs harbour .   sydney 's popular bondi beach ranked second on the top 20 most ` instagrammed ' aussie landmarks .
shauna mcglasson was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at blackpool pleasure beach in august last year .   shauna , who was a takeaway addict , was carrying her daughter lacey in her arms at the time and started screaming after her mother tried to free herself .   shauna has since dropped seven stone and has started a new relationship with boyfriend curtis grayson , 21 .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet and forced to sleep on the floor .   when a 19-year-old woman took him in , he told her he was too scared to go home .   when they were young and they would spend days on end trapped inside .
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc so the top gear live shows can go ahead ` in good spirit '   the bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled the latest series of top gear , but the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows .   they will not feature any top gear branding , show any footage from the programmes or feature the stig .   fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed .
footage showed moment an unusual ` apocalyptic ' dust storm , known in arabic as a haboob , struck belarus , turning day to night , and china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year .   some experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms .   the sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year .
` brain-healthy foods ' lowered the risk of alzheimer 's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly .   it could more than halve a person 's risk of developing alzheimer 's disease .   experts said the diet , known by the acronym mind .
dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches against motherwell .   dundee are without a win in three matches this season .   paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's slide .
padraig harrington has won his first tournament in america since 2008 uspga championship .   harrington had falled out of the world 's top 300 before becoming an invitation to the honda classic .   the houston open in texas is the first major championship .
secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended .   footage broadcast by ketv-7 in omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .   clinton 's secret service rolled out as a decoy on wednesday .
representative darrell issa asked the state department about the use of personal email by a house committee two years ago - but refused to answer .   but issa , who wrote as chairman of the house committee on oversight and government reform , was ignored until more than a month after clinton had stepped down in february 2013 .   the former first lady used her personal address during her time as secretary of state .
daredevil nik wallenda says he 'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in orlando , florida , this month .   the orlando eye , part of a new entertainment complex , will offer views of central florida from inside 30 enclosed .   wallenda is the great-grandson of karl wallenda , who fell to his death in puerto rico at 73 .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 in the premier league on monday .   glenn murray was the first newcastle boss to suffer four defeats to sunderland .   alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his side .
u.s. envoy mark lippert said in a speech on wednesday if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world .   lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south korean man .   he also suffered injuries to his arm .
variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere , and other natural factors .   they claim these ` wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade .   duke university researchers say the report may have been an over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends .
manchester city are likely to join chelsea in the champions league .   only two europa league places will be available to fifth and sixth place .   burnley , tottenham and southampton remain in the top five .
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents believe boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev deserves to die for carrying out one of the bloodiest attacks on us soil since 9/11 .   less than 20 per cent of massachusetts residents questioned believed he should be put to death with 63 per cent in favour of a life sentence .   tsarnaev is likely to spend rest of his days in one of america 's supermax prisons .
aaron lennon reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police that the # 55,000-a-week winger left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 18-year-old was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   lennon is on loan to everton .
nigel farage admitted that he has a ` preference ' for australian immigrants .   ukip leader said he had to ` confess ' he was happier accepting migrants .   mr farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe are sent back .
scottish nationalists have threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking ` any bit of spending ' they do not agree with .   the snp , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps , suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .   the snp 's deputy leader stewart hosie said the snp would be ` entitled to vote against any bit ' of legislation .
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $ 23trillion in 2009 , combination of tax and real estate data in a paper .   map of the us by county shows areas with land values from $ 73,000 to $ 3.35 million per acre in dark blue and land less than $ 2,000 per acre .   land in washington dc had the highest price in the country to buy land .
yaya toure has admitted that he is open to ` new challenges ' and will not remain at manchester city just to pick up his # 220,000-a-week wages .   toure is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini .   inter milan boss roberto mancini wants to be reunited with toure next season .
bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies .   the # 2.99 app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection '   you can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .   femail has been using the app to edit her selfies .
scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california .   the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .   it was one of more than 150 items which were part of the private collection of james tumblin .
business mogul jack welch said it 's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management .   former head of general electric says he is our customer for an end to the college .   he said it could be a model for the graduate education .
bonnie doll has been living in australia since 2007 .   has more than 8,000 followers on streaming platform twitch .   bonnie 's twitch channel has almost one million views .
ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on do n't push it .   the jockey has been 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles .   mccoy will win the cheltenham gold cup at 10st 3lbs .
eloise parry , known as ella , died this week after taking a lethal dose of diet pills .   after taking the tablets known as dinitrophenol , she died just three hours later .   dr simon cotton said her daughter never intended to take her own life .
college juniors emily clark , 20 , of savannah , catherine pittman , abbie deloach , and megan richards , 21 , were killed in a fiery crash .   fellow students brittney mcdaniel , of millen , of loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries .   leesburg woman morgan bass was also killed in the horrific crash .
celtic striker leigh griffiths has shot at goal during scottish cup semi-final against inverness .   inverness and inverness ' handball dream died on sunday at the end of the first half .   referee steven mclean and his team , alan muir , won the match .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle .   a crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river .   kanta suffered a leg injury after the crocodile grabbed her right leg .
unique speech performed by daniel at poet 's lane in sherbrooke , east of melbourne , has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride .   daniel , 25 , says he always looked up to his older sibling .   melbourne singer daniel buccheri left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after emotional song to use as his best man 's speech .
liberal democrats say their best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7 , compared with the 57 elected in 2010 .   senior party source said he would demand education spending be protected from cuts as price of closely-fought seats .   lib dem leader nick clegg set out first of his ` red lines ' for second coalition .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer .   he also penned a regular column for the news of the world .   benaud was first and foremost a television broadcaster .
kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina .   stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane .   it is not known whether stancil and lane are connected or related .
celtic beat kilmarnock 4-1 in their scottish cup semi-final on wednesday night .   darryl westlake scored a hat-trick to give celtic eight points clear at the top of the premiership .   kris commons was inspired by leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in valhalla .   the cause of the collision remains unknown , danielle and alexa brody say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks .   brody 's car was in the danger zone inside railroad crossing gates for about half a tracks .
convicted of 78 offences can not be deported from britain because he is an alcoholic .   seven years after man was first told he would be booted out of the country .   judges rejected home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport serial criminal .
mohamed diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury .   hull are currently three points above the premier league drop zone .   james chester will be involved at some stage of the match .
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley .   jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes .   six players were tied for eighth .
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball on his twitter account .   federer won the key biscayne event in 2005 and 2006 .   world no 2 has been in the miami open this year .
the white house doubled down today on president obama 's earth day message that climate change is ' a problem now '   press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as expected .   the author of the anti-global warming book , the greatest hoax , followed the president 's 1,836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the everglades of air force one .   the president is seen here on wednesday .
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges .   around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was being tuned into a block of flats.this .   the blackwood and copperlight archway found their fortune in the manufacture of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence .
richard eckersley is training with la liga side elche .   eckersley rejected the offer of a new contract and signed for burnley .   the 26-year-old is a free agent at old trafford .
mohammad ali akhtar was only on his second shift at the premier stores in flixton , greater manchester .   the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till .   mr akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack .
luis enrique only took charge of the club last summer .   josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with him .   the 44-year-old took only six games away from winning the title .
joe arpaio calls himself ` america 's toughest sheriff ' and the former baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail .   arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year .   the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now .
the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday .   about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been trying to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her .   the man is identified as a deputy u.s. marshal .
king , 32 , became the most senior member of royal family to work as paye employee for east anglian air ambulance .   he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby .   royal staff have ruled out using helicopter to transport william back to london .
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables , causing flames to erupt from the pavement .   the blaze has been brought under control it has not been put out entirely , and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire .   35 firefighters and police officers remain at kingsway .
the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30 pm wednesday .   the woman was ` weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' said the official who may be a ` possible dui driver '   officers left their vehicles twice after she halted at two stoplights .   she was taken into custody without incident .
` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up .
sheldon nadelman , 80 , who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982 , would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets .   but photos of the area 's ` notorious ' dive bar , terminal , have been preserved by the bartender and photographer who served drinks to pimps and trash cans around the port authority bus terminal .   photos taken from behind the bar at terminal bar , a side of times square
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class because the products , manufactured by doterra , smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him .   the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused .   she claims her boy has been using them all year , but then a teacher 's aide complained .
middlesbrough beat norwich 1-0 in the premier league on saturday .   alex tettey scored the only goal of the title race wide open .   aitor karanka admits his players will be top of the championship .
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by robin wright , and his wife claire .   america 's capital is seen with underwood wannabes as francis underwood .   it 's part of the deal to sell washington .
the labour leader visited the sikh temple during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday .   worshippers were banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of labour leader who had donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs .   even one of the sikh journalists was allegedly asked to leave labour 's battlebus after straying from a list of agreed questions .
blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people .   ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in brenham , texas .   the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla , is not sold in retail locations .
top of the list is ` death ' for anyone who insults god or blasphemes against islam .   couples who have an affair can expect 100 lashes and ` banishment ' from the community .   the list of ` religious punishments ' is a ` warning ' and deterrent .
almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , b&m bargains and wilkinsons are middle class and among the country 's highest earners .   of those 53 per cent are in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week because the ` stigma ' of shopping in budget stores has found .   experts offering everything for # 35,000-a-year , who on average earn more than # 35,000-a-year .
one reddit user 's mother used her son 's clothes in her garden .   the best schemes are that embarrass a child or daughter not to scar the crime again .   many parents take on their parents to get their parents again .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand 's picturesque coastline , religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone .   gabriel ng filmed most of the scenes on the island of ko samui , in the gulf of thailand .   he spent three months in thailand .
kevin pietersen 's first appearance for surrey since old trafford test against australia .   england meet west indies in antigua on monday .   pietersen 's students for 170 off 149 deliveries in first game at the parks .
lionel messi has recovered from injured foot and should be fit to start sunday 's la liga match with celta vigo .   argentina forward sat out both of his friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break but was able to do some light running and stretching in training .   messi had a light training session at barcelona on thursday .
shadow chancellor ed balls accused of ` letting the cat out of the bag ' on tax rises .   number of people paying 40p tax already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades .   labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance as part of measures to raise millions from people earning more than # 41,865 .
the mini-martha stewart has turned her popular channel , charliscraftykitchen into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years .   mr oliver only earned an estimated $ 32,261 in ad revenue from his channel 's 6.9 million views last month .   charli and her sister ashlee have more than 320,000 subscribers .
services by west coast railways suspended following incident on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal .   100mph collision between a steam excursion and a first great western high speed train was missed by barely a minute .   nationwide ban by network rail is the first since privatisation .
delroy facey , 34 , is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery .   facey is also alleged to have contacted a non-league player via whatsapp to fix matches .   facey is alleged involved in a plot to fix lower league matches .
julio acevedo , 46 , was given 25 years to life in prison on monday after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed a young hasidic jewish couple and their unborn child .   acevedo was convicted of manslaughter in the deaths of 21-year-olds nachman and raizel glauber in williamsburg , brooklyn .   acevedo is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph twice the speed limit , when the incident occurred just after midnight on march 3 .
cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours .   national institute on drug abuse in the us has led the fda to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals .   currently two cannabinoids are of medical interest - thc and cbd .   it may also decrease pain , inflammation and muscle control problems .
heather mack , 19 , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , sheila von wiese-mack , in bali 's kerobokan prison .   indonesia 's justice and human rights minister has offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child .   the 19-year-old is being held over her mother 's death .
ed miliband will today claim labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed '   labour leader will insist he offers a ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration .   his shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration .   presenter andrew neil said labour had opened the door to record migration .
richard and angela maxwell became 10th on the national lottery rich list .   the couple , from coningsby in lincolnshire , scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw .   mrs maxwell thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke on her .
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay after his red card for a stamp on manchester united 's ander herrera at anfield on march 22 .   gerrard could feature for liverpool in the fa cup final with liverpool at wembley on may 30 .   philippe coutinho scored the game 's only goal at ewood park to book their place .
west brom face qpr and leicester city in the premier league on saturday .   tony pulis will be the only manager in the top half of premier league .   garry monk 's swansea city do n't drop 10th than 10th .
bradley neil finished 13 over par after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 .   the 19-year-old is a 19-year-old than world no 1 rory mcilroy .   lyle won the world hickory open last year .
the 20-month-old boy reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on march the 23rd and was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services .   forensic officers attended the property on merrygoen rd in neilrex .   police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant on wednesday .
the minister for communications confirmed rumours he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been toppled in february 's leadership spill .   malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia may issue .   ` people would have been astonished if i had n't , ' mr turnbull said .
the three men - thomas jordan driver , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder .   the state said the murder plot started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center had a fight with the inmate .   newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements .
nathan dailo , a father from sydney , posted a video to his youtube show how he gets his three-month-old son seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper .   the clip of his son has since received more than 1.7 million views .   savannah , who had the experiment filmed on the show , ` did n't have a calming effect on her energetic infant , ' she said .
tyrone mings posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account .   his mother thanked him for ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life '   mings has been a key player in ipswich town 's push for promotion this season .   mings bought new replica shirts for an ipswich game .
christopher bridger , 25 , was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year .   the hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from the register after hearing his crimes as ' a serious breach of trust '   he was studying to be a paramedic at st george 's university hospital in london in 2008 .   his other victims were at south east coast ambulance service nhs trust .
snp leader nicola sturgeon admitted she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government .   ` i understand how people south of the border think , `` oh my goodness how will it work , it 's a mess ''   she also suggested that she would put ed miliband into downing street even if labour wins 40 fewer seats than tories .   polls suggest the snp is on the brink of a landslide on a .
a university of south carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was captured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room .   her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking . but at the list was the word ` n ' '   the girl , who was a member of the university 's kappa delta chapter sorority until last year , was identified by other students and
churchill , then 84 , was president eisenhower 's guest of honour at the gathering , held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany 's invasion of poland .   the former prime minister appeared to fall asleep at a second world war reunion party alongside dwight eisenhower .   also seen are viscount charles portal and harold macmillan .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .   footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .   the boy then proceeds to follow the pet to his new location .
danny garcia defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 .   he is set to fight lamont peterson in a non-title fight on saturday .   puerto rican-born fighter insists he will ` kick butt ' against peterson .
a father told how the ` bright and beautiful ' pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy and ` party drug ' meow meow .   he said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to children , and urged schools and police to get tough .   his daughter was given them for free or paid only a few pounds for pills .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .   ebus patients wait an average of 14 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
designs from the car maker show that the chevrolet express is smooth on the inside of both cage doors .   chevrolet express police transport van has bolts that are built into the door and do n't stick out .   mr albano said that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in the champions league on saturday .   bayern keeper thomas muller believes his team are stronger for their injury .   bayern beat dortmund in the german cup last eight on penalties .
west bromwich albion will make a # 3million move for neil taylor .   swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old .   pulis has been forced to play joleon lescott and chris brunt at left-back .
ricardo quaresma scored twice as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final .   the portuguese side beat basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round .   julen lopetegui has won an unbeaten champions league campaign for porto this season .
the frenchwoman used her classes to defend adolf hitler 's domestic record , and his plans for overseas expansion .   ` he was a good man who built motorways and liked music , ' she is alleged to have said .   hundreds of pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher .   the woman said she hoped ` german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils '
louis jordan , 37 , said he survived for more than two months on his boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket .   jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in conway , virginia .   he was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast .
martin odegaard will become real madrid 's youngest player in the club 's history .   the 16-year-old was named among the substitutes for the la liga win against almeria on wednesday night .   carlo ancelotti 's side were in a lead against almeria at the bernabeu .
biso the cat survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day .   biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape .   the cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a cairo train station for five years , has been freed at last .
former model bianca gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as she talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone .   attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off .   mr gascoigne adopted the 28-year-old after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 .
vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him .   he has undergone cosmetic surgery to get rid of bags under his eyes .   russian president 's face has changed over years after he was 37 years old shows him looking gaunt and ` crow 's - feet ' on his eyes .
chris ball made the final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life .   on september 14 last year , chris 's brother jayden - who is only one year younger - and their stepfather found chris 's body along with a usb stick on top of a piece of paper .   this could be his last goodbye and then tells no one to blame themselves because of depression is a disease .
alison saunders said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases .   she was accused of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s on tour of parliament in 2002 .   it was the birthday of labour mp paul boateng .
the actress welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january .   she has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles .   she only gave birth to daughter james three months ago .
modified push-ups with your knees on the floor can get eight hours ' sleep a night .   jennifer lopez 's mother of two has completed triathlons .   jennifer is a fitness fan , and the mother is as a fan .
tony mccoy broke his duck on jessica harrington-trained gelding on thursday .   mccoy won the final hurdle at the final flight at the grand national festival .   ap mccoy beat rock on ruby walsh in the arctic fire .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao arrived in las vegas ahead of their mgm grand summit with mayweather .   pacquiao had been training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach 's wild card gym at the mandalay bay hotel , which will be his base for the week .   the filipino star was seen on the world-famous strip in the nevada desert on monday night as he and his team made board his own bus .
anaesthetic gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade .   gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are low , they are having an increasing effect on the climate .   dr martin vollmer said the anaesthetic gases were capable of storing far more energy from the sun than carbon dioxide .
fossicker ashley manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph , who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 .   mr manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to stephen norton - biddulph 's great-nephew .   the family of one anzac veteran says the discovery does n't belong to frederick at all .
tony pulis returned to selhurst park for the first time since he left crystal palace .   alan pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit pulis but an early goal from james morrison .   west brom midfielder craig gardner won the premier league manager of the year award .
senegal forward is newcastle 's top scorer this season with 11 goals .   john carver 's team will be two points behind sunderland in sunday 's derby .   dick advocaat 's side are in 18th place in the premier league .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria on good friday .   the 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family , and has not been seen since .   they say the disappearance is completely out of character for him .
bloomfield , who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , died at a hospice near his hometown yesterday .   fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' and ` super great guy and great commentator '   bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole .   last year he was given only months to live .
household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin .   on twitter , users blasted the company for what they said was a ` racist ' post .   the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was meant to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages .
andrew anderson , 43 , was claimed to have forced a social worker to the floor , injuring her wrist .   mrs mcgoldrick , 53 , had been reduced from # 199 to # 99 as part of midnight sales event .   judge at manchester magistrates ' court has cleared him of any wrongdoing .   mr anderson ` went on not caring whether she was hurt or not '
sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises .   at 65 , she could pass for ten years younger .   the first official guide was released in paris in 1710 .
mel greig posted a blog post on her website titled ` are we embarrassed of ivf ? '   she also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her ivf program .   the 33-year-old married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in november .   endometriosis causes inflammation and can lead to female reproductive body parts .
the woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease that left them unable to fend off predators .   it was thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man .   but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium .
ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 .   his family has not revealed the cause of his death .   he is best known for his part on the cbs sitcom good times .
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney after concerns were raised by the health & social services department .   the practice in olivier street is run by dr rory lyons . no arrests have been made .
shadow health secretary andy burnham says move could unlock # 400 million to nurture next generation of stars over next parliament .   he said labour was ready to legislate if game promise to support community facilities in grassroots sport .   mr burnham accused prime minister of failing to get on the premier league .
the waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , traffic cameras , potholes and more .   police say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on police officer wenjian liu and his partner rafael ramos in december .   ismaaiyl brinsley , 28 , killed two nypd police officers before the killing he was known to have used the app to track their locations .
kevin de bruyne is a wanted man but no deal for a move away is in place .   the belgian star is wanted by manchester city and bayern munich .   de bruyne has become one of the hottest in the bundesliga .
` climate change can no longer be denied . it ca n't be edited out , ' he said in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day .   obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to reduce the rate of global warming .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis .   she was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others .   the company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security .
kimberly greenberg , 15 , disappeared more than a week ago after going for a walk near her santa monica home .   the autistic teenager left her home without medication or her cellphone and has not been seen for a week .   her mother janice greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help .
the second i see the word ` spicy ' on a bottle label claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years .   the product , which retails at # 50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione .   growing up on his parents ' vineyard in canada , joel became fascinated by the process of ageing wine .
the convicted australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in jakarta 's state administrative court on monday .   the pair 's lawyers to challenge indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to deny the two australians clemency .   but attorney-general hm prasetyo says he will not wait for another court challenge .
the us ambassador for poland has been forced to apologise for comments made by the head of the fbi who blamed polish people for helping the nazis kill jews during the holocaust .   us ambassador stephen mull met with the polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments .   poland played a role in nazi germany 's genocide of six million european jews in the holocaust .
amanda peake glover was also a co-owner of an elgin fitness center .   her friend ashley blocker says benji was just behind his wife of nine years in the palmetto half marathon .   amanda was a fitness lover and only a month before her death had run a full marathon with her brother .
with nearly 70,000 followers , ugaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram .   the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the horn of africa .   ugaaso boocow boocow was two years old when she and her grandmother fled somalia 's civil war .
high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails .   the policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber michael wheatley - nicknamed the skull cracker - walked out of an open jail in may while on day release .   wheatley absconding from standford hill prison in kent and went on to commit an armed robbery .
walter scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail .   slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man .   justin wilson 's suit says he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday .
hearts captain danny wilson has 12 months left on his current contract .   the defender is out of contract at the end of the season but hearts are considering a # 400,000 offer for the former rangers defender .   virgil van dijk and jason denayer could be signed for # 400,000 .
wolves were fired on by a goal 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe .   the wolves boss believes it is now the top eight in the championship .   kenny jackett has said they must maintain their focus on wolves .
john carver has suffered a torrid time since alan pardew .   the 50-year-old has managed just two wins in 14 games .   newcastle have won just two games under carver .
stephen howells , 39 , and his girlfriend nicole vaisey have been offered a plea deal after being charged last summer with sexually exploiting two amish girls and other children .   they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls , then seven and 12 , from their farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 .   the amish girls were abducted from the stand in rural oswegatchie , near the canadian border .
host chris smith was also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister , at one point offering to bet # 1,000 that he would not win a majority .   twitter accused the programme of ` leftist hostility ' and branded the interview ` appalling '   prime minister was asked to rule out a deal with northern ireland 's dup .   prime minister said he did not want a coalition with coalition .
michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa .   the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers .   mr munday says he needs the support of the public in order to win her back .
elliot kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh .   the winger will be available for sunday 's home game against dewsbury .   kear moved to premiership rugby from bradford and returns for the broncos under andrew henderson .
gary lincoln , 48 , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist .   he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .   mr lincoln is carrying out light duties at his workshop just weeks after he severed his hand .
labour leader says snp mps would not be able to dictate policy .   comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with support of snp .   ed miliband rejected claims snp would be ` calling the shots ' if labour did not have a majority .
mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 won by getty images photographer matthew lewis .   portraits of ordinary players also make the list from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to dismiss australia 's james faulkner during last year 's icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh .   competition 's winning image was taken by west indies player dwayne bravo .
spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to the motorway near watford , hertfordshire , after a man fell from a bridge in january last year .   mr bell was struck by a toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad .   mrs shahzad was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment , suspended for two years .
54 per cent want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country .   new comres poll for itv news reveals her kept out of the next uk government .   nicola sturgeon have ruled out formal coalition with snp mps .
michael mcindoe lured fellow footballers into scheme with promises of 20 per cent return .   the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and tricky winger declared bankrupt in october last year with more than # 2million debts .   former winger was known as ` mr big ' in marbella .
fight takes place at las vegas , mgm grand garden arena on may 2 .   manny pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body .   the filipino boxer is hoping to put an end to floyd mayweather 's current record in the ring .
residents on greville street - near the scene close to farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist .   scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on good friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required '   the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy '   farhana begum , 19 , said : ` this was a
the groom 's brother was caught on camera as he lost control of the rifle and fires at the wall by mistake .   the 30-second clip was viewed nearly 140,000 times by a mobile phone .   guests dived for cover as the brother lost control over the gun at a reception in the capital riyadh .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering claudia lawrence .   the body of the chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found .   officers have launched fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts .
marouane fellaini was one of the stars of manchester united 's neighbours city on sunday .   fellaini has been signed from everton by van gaal 's david moyes .   the former everton forward has been linked with midfield problems .
the st george new generation show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on thursday .   one model paraded in a long see-through mesh dress .   model at the raffles international showcase wore a dress .
dani alves insists he is happy at barcelona and is yet to sign a deal with another club .   the brazilian defender is out of contract this summer .   manchester united and paris saint-germain are interested in signing alves .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , devised the plan for cootie cards over twenty years ago .   the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars .   they have also designed the idea after meeting on a fishing trip 25 years ago .
liam phillips plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in rio full of confidence .   the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014 .   phillips races in the manchester world cup event this weekend .
eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot in egypt which left 74 people dead .   the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - and cairo 's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match .   an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death .
david norris , 51 , jailed for 20 years for attempted murder of estranged wife .   norris 's wife begged him to think of their children as he launched attack .   only stopped stabbing her when she ` played dead ' and a member of public intervened .
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp on april 15 , 1945 .   it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany .   officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck , who said the british soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge '   anti-semitism is on the rise again in europe .
researchers have long known that there is water in the form of ice on mars .   the ` hidden valley ' in gale crater may have been a large lake .   new information from nasa 's mars rover curiosity suggests it is possible that liquid water close to the surface of the red planet .
bobbi ann house , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen , is now wanted by police .   the purchases started in western oregon in early march and moved through oregon coastal towns and into colorado and oklahoma .   the two are now believed to be driving - a blue 2005 cadillac escalade which they bought by a fraudulent $ 1,500 down payment at universal auto sales in salem on march 14 .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday .   the duo were ` associates ' of abdul numan haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife .   he is one of two men arrested for allegedly planning an ` isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony .
roy hodgson 's team against italy could be the first england game michael carrick has ever played .   wayne rooney , michael carrick and michael carrick are all in the game .   michael carrick is 36 next month .
nabil fekir 's father mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at man city .   the frontman 's father believes a move to arsenal would benefit the lyon star .   fekir recently split with his agents after his family were disappointed .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach , florida .   stancil , who had a knife with him , was in a relationship with a man named chuck tobin .   tobin , 28 , vanished after leaving home last july and his remains were found in november .
ganjendra singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd .   seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at ram .   demonstrations were organised by members of the aam aadmi political party .
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year .   the avengers garnered $ 1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 , and there are three other sequels to come .   sandra bullock topped forbes ' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 .
deputy labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel , alcohol , tobacco or air fares .   ` we rule out increasing vat , we will not put up the national insurance rates . motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty , harriet harman said .
natalie bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer .   she said the party 's policy of nuclear weapons was also a ` long-term aspiration '   miss bennett said she called a ` brain fade ' on lbc radio .   she said her pledges could take decades to implement .
marin cilic eliminated in second round of barcelona open on wednesday .   cilic of colombia beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-1 .   estrella of the dominican republic recorded a 6-4 6-4 victory over main cilic .
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden .   comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee to riyadh .   red cross says move is designed to protect iranian shipping from piracy .
zombie stars are thought to be leaving a ` mass grave ' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way .   when a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself .   stars more than eight times the mass of our sun will explode in a supernova .
manu tuilagi has been out of action since october and missed the autumn internationals as england 's rbs 6 nations campaign .   leicester tigers centre tuilagi has struggled with the injury all season with richard cockerill .   tuilagi has not featured for england since summer tour of new zealand in 2014 .
masked raiders used an angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine before they fled police in the stolen car .   when they were arrested at a flat in tamworth a list of atms was found .   the thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed the gang of four as they had spent around eight minutes trying to hack into an atm outside a waitrose supermarket .
nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old .   she was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball .   nathaly 's caregivers said she became obsessed with miley cyrus after her roommate played the track .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life .   as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , kevin would have turned 13 on monday .   the boys died while they were home with their 16-year-old brother .
kim kardashian is in armenia with her husband kanye west , their daughter north and kim 's sister khloe .   the visit is their first to the country their late father , robert kardashian , fled for america and both kim and khloe .   the celebrity visitors are in the capital yerevan , a armenia marriott hotel yerevan .
england beat south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo sevens final .   phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored tries in final .   england defeated fiji on saturday to win first title since wellington sevens .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at morrisons before he travelled to syria .   now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker .   he appeared in a isis propaganda video to send them back one by one in coffins .
scientists studying the latest genetic , fossil and archaeological evidence claim neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today .   they have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold .   it has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient neanderthals .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington .   ` we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law . marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law .   christie , a candidate-in-waiting , said , ` marijuana is a gateway drug '
the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina .   the noose was found at duke university outside a building that houses diversity on the campus .   duke 's vice president for student affairs said the rope was home to the center for sexual and gender diversity .
tyler kost was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls at his former high school say there is a ` treasure trove ' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse .   kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .   attorneys for a 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at poston butte high school .
author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham , bradford city 's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes .   the fire in which four members of his family died .   56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed in an email that his interns are paid just # 4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid .   mr perkins had last week denied employing any interns .   labour 's manifesto could expect to be paid for travel and food .
marouane fellaini has become manchester united 's go-to player in midfielder this season .   louis van gaal 's ` fab four ' ashley young is part of united 's guy and smalling .   juan mata , chris smalling and marcus rojo scored for manchester united .
sandro says he is not at fault for qpr near the foot of the premier league .   redknapp branded the situation at qpr a ` soap opera ' and accused ` people with their agendas ' of working against him before he left the club in february .   redknapp blame redknapp 's recruitment in the transfer window and poor work on the training ground .
dzhokhar tsarnaev murdered their son and permanently maimed their 7-year-old daughter , but bill and denise richard do not want to see him executed .   last week a jury found tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the april 15 , 2013 attack on the boston marathon finish line .   the family of boston marathon bombing victim martin richard said they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev .
princess victoria 's story was written by queen victoria when she was 10 .   the short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , alice laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried .   the monarch 's illustrations is to be published in june .
the british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop .   based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who was in search of water on earth .   bowie , 68 , is not expected to perform in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth .
manchester united drew 1-1 at old trafford in the champions league .   manuel pellegrini 's side have lost four of their last two games .   united 's premier league title will take place in third place .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , including jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman will be the third major he has won in a row at the open .
study by london school of hygiene and tropical medicine analysed medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years .   those who were overweight -lrb- with a bmi of 25 to 29 had 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy bmi .   study found overweight people are less likely to develop dementia .
experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , down from 0.9 per cent in the same period in 2014 .   latest growth figures will be released by the office for national statistics -lrb- nine days before voters go to the polls .   the economy grew by 2.8 % in 2014 , its strongest pace since 2006 .
youtube channel boasts more than five million hits .   other videos show him being thrown steak , tacos , bread rolls , pizza and donuts , with misses every time .   the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying .
police in the southern state of santa catarina busted the gang 's lair , the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back .   the incident happened during a joint police and military operation in the south brazilian state of vargem grande .   brazilian animal psychiatrist said : ` the dog .   was a male dog '
the bizarre incident was caught on cctv and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station 's multi-storey car park .   briitish transport police have released a cctv image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public .   the incident occurred on the ground floor of the car park at around 6.55 pm on saturday , march 14 .
the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -lrb- nf1 -rrb- that can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring .   now four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions among fertility experts .   the british mother was one of 20 women treated at an ivf clinic in belgium .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger .   camoji lets you record a gif with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on messenger .   the gifs are created in the camoji app .
sunderland host crystal palace in the premier league on saturday .   sebastian larsson will return to the squad after a hamstring problem .   the sweden international will sit out the next two games .
sean dyche has told danny ings to keep on the goals .   the relegation-battling clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks .   ings has not found the net in seven appearances .
andy erlam announced he will stand as a ` martin bell ' - style anti-corruption independent candidate .   rahman was banned from office for five years but was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in may 2014 by a campaign to steal votes .   rahman , 64 , branded a ` pathological liar ' and cheat .
leinster are armed with international experience and 11 players in ireland squad .   mike ford , jonathan joseph and anthony watson beat england last month .   bath 's poor league form has leinster 's season , with dublin side fifth in pro12 competition .
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils as young as six .   last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats .   deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism .
jennifer bush was taken from her family after her mother kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose .   jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals .   kathy 's now 27-year-old daughter jennifer spoke out for the first time on the anniversary , saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused .
paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him .   paul nungesser , a german citizen , was a ` serial rapist ' who assaulted her after class .   sulkowicz 's lawsuit citing ` gender-based harassment and defamation ' presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website .
adam barker , who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 , is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd .   the company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last june , which will be split with his sister charlotte , 53 , and brother laurence , 46 .   the 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during a dawn raid on his house .
england beat china 2-1 at manchester city 's academy stadium .   reading striker kirby fired home the second goal of her career .   jodie taylor scored her eighth cap for england .
lorraine valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -lrb- epp -rrb- which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light .   a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days , as the heat caused her entire body to swell .   her sun allergy calls herself the ` real life vampire ' as she has a rare medical condition .
solomon khoorban , 33 , forced himself on the teenager in the vip area at equinox nightclub .   ordered his victim to wait in the area for at least 30 minutes , threatening to kill her if she did not .   princess diana was among a host of famous faces who attended shows .
eddie hearn has unveiled a cheque with his offer to sky tv cameras in a bid to force a deal with the ibf super-bantamweight champion .   matchroom sport boss hearn said the cheque offered 1.5 m reasons for the two boxers to fight .   quigg is the defending wba super-bantamweight champion .
vaughan is currently in the west indies working as part of the bbc 's commentary team .   cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy at the end of last year .   england captain scored 11 in the first innings .
the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 .   newcastle is the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 % of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies .   five per cent of residents in newcastle , more than 6,000 people , called in pest inspectors last year .
online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show 's next season .   the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night .   they had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was knocked unconscious .   she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the cubs ' starlin castro and careered into her head .   she was taken to hospital on a stretcher .
hull manager steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach .   bruce fells his former club manchester united should do more to produce young english players .   bruce said he was ` disappointed ' that the pictures were published .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four players this summer if they are to challenge for the premier league title next season .   arsenal boss arsene wenger will be looking to add to his squad .   arsenal have a keen interest in the 23-year-old german under 21 international .
jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends .   quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , died on october 1 from an unknown cause , while patrick sullivan , 17 , was killed in a new year 's eve car crash .   quirk was the third student in his school year to die within six months .
mourners gathered at st peter 's in northern france today where screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the church .   chloe was raped and raped by a polish migrant on april 15 .   her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week .
parma have deducted four points for breaching financial regulations .   the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players .   the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a after 12 points from 30 games .
root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test in grenada .   yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after anderson 's careless run out during the first innings in grenada .   joe root was left stranded at the wicket due to an error by james anderson .
blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , began buying land in one of texas ' largest and most remote counties .   bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion .   spacex , blue origin and spacex elon musk are also in the private space business .
kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier .   surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the championship .   hampshire players join in with selfie with sponsors at home in southampton .
using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments .   curly fibers of collagen make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load .   researchers cut real skin samples and attempted to rip them by pulling them apart .
the boy , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march .   the manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean up jack 's vomit - but said his apology letter and gift card made her day .   her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible and included a ben & jerry 's gift card .
jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his seven-year-old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around .   father-of-three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud .   mr hall , from iowa , said his son was ` totally overjoyed ' with the message .
the driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles .   the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .   the man 's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson .
hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia .   the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory .   mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society and said her gran has n't recognised her in at least five years .
england lost their first test against west indies at warner park on monday .   stuart broad had complained about the state of the crease .   england captain alastair cook was injured in the fall .
there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate .   charles ' letter was read at hayley 's funeral by father michael bailey at westminster abbey in 2004 .   hayley 's mother kerry broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter at her funeral today .
currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 .   both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years .   the united state 's popular national gun laws is likely to be driving the increase in licence holders in the state .
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from stomach cancer and is taking three drugs to prolong her life .   third and most effective drug costs nhs around # 1,000 a week to provide .   she says she can not afford to buy regorafenib privately and has called on nhs england to reverse their decision .
david hyche developed the technology nine years ago when his daughter turned blind .   a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound .   hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama and blind in birmingham .
the boy scouts ' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18-year-old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders .   the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts , but not adults as leaders .   on thursday the new york chapter announced it hired tessier as the nation 's first openly gay eagle scout as a summer camp leader .
sharon smith tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she struggled to fit in the seat next to her .   she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday .   after six months of plan , she was 18st 6lb so estimates she was ` way over 20st ' and a size 26 .
rafa benitez won the fa cup with liverpool in 2006 on penalties .   benitez has scored four goals to one on the champions league in 2005 .   benitez is a liverpool fan at anfield .
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her .   the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 .   oldfield , wife of radio host and former one nation politician david oldfield , posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online .
new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year .   men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services .   families with children living at home are spending 50 % more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without children .
one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35 .   altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .   altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students .
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour '   one unison member has called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health .   shift pattern offers greater cost effectiveness for the nhs .   ms smith likened long shifts to slave labour .
sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs she had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014 .   jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that ` everything 's taken care of '   jewell still has n't received instruction from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated - one of her credit cards was cancelled , and even her driver 's license .   jewell
tony mccoy won for the 20th time on the day he retires in february .   mccoy thanked the public for making the last two months of his career .   northern irishman says his retirement announcement has made his final months .
india has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 .   officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana , india .   virus caused deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of poultry after it spread from asia into europe and africa in 2005-2006 .
jackson byrnes is under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .   three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a brain tumour three years ago .
west ham will welcome winston reid back from injury for saturday 's premier league trip to leicester .   matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham .   dean hammond limped off in 1-1 draw with mali on tuesday .
johnny sexton has won a medal with saracens on sunday in paris .   he is hoping to win the world cup with racing metro this season .   sexton has been in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby .
the $ 250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines .   allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone .   ` we are trying to create one sensor that can make every home smart , ' ali kashani says .
josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse .   hamilton , 33 , married his wife katie in 2004 .   hamilton called for his wife to be banned from using his maserati and 1972 chevrolet blazer .
around 15 animals ran away from a farm in schodack , upstate new york , on thursday and then swam across the hudson river .   they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state , including buffalo and new york city .   three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers .   the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11 .   she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan .
frank lampard has revealed he 'd ` love ' to see a gay footballer come out .   the new york city man came out as being gay not long after rogers .   la galaxy robbie rogers came out in the premier league .
the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill .   the bethlehem royal hospital opened in 1247 and was pronounced as ` bedlam '   andaz boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four - have been in mental health patients .   lil kim and lady gaga are fans of the liverpool street .
zoe hadley , 19 , hanged herself in a hotel room after years of suffering a mystery illness that left her unable to eat , walk or open her eyes for long periods .   an inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems .   miss hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors .
christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames .   he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top .   but the windy conditions at the time saw the pensioner 's head , three good samaritans pulled over .
the giant dinosaur was one of the largest animals to walk the earth .   experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed .   researchers looked at 477 features across 81 individual dinosaurs .
hotel staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for their stay .   aquariums are believed to reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure .   at over 50 locations of the hotel chain in the us and canada .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on eren 's cousin inan eren .   the 35-year-old victim was shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock .   he was locked up for at least 38 years in july last year .
one of the cats at the mobile home in arizona found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies in a box .   more than 70 animals have been seized from maricopa county sheriff 's office making their way across the excrement laden , urine-stained carpet to rescue the pets .   police raided the house of john koepke , in wittmann , arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions .
lisa parkisson , 35 , died 48 hours after giving birth at oldham royal in june last year .   newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth .   independent investigators found risk management was ` below standard ' in the deaths of the three mothers .
tesco 's new trampoline aisles is set to be redesigned with simon cowell 's face on the # 5 note .   david beckham and helen mirren were also reported to be on the power of astrology .   safari park visitors ' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was .   mr clarkson had renounced his petrol-loving ways after a ` dark night of the soul '
millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom .   the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds .   encourages users to ` add your own touches with colours or line drawing '   millie marotta is giving colouring books an adult twist .
real madrid closed the gap on barcelona to two points at the top of la liga .   cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty for sergio ramos and james rodriguez .   gareth bale and luka modric both scored for real madrid .
scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe , and often fatal injuries .   the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system .   in the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill .   major hotspots include the sacramento area where i-80 and i-5 run across bypasses along the pacific flyway .
chelsea are poised to link up with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz .   the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since promotion .   nemanja matic is one of three players on loan at vitesse arnhem from chelsea this season .
andy murray was spotted at the nou camp during barcelona 's quarter-final second leg clash against psg .   the british no 1 spotted lionel messi and co defeat psg with best man ross hutchins .   murray is set to take place in the bmw open in munich .
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week .   a third of brits say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle .   one in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything .
psv captain georginio wijnaldum has been linked with a move to manchester united , arsenal and newcastle .   the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season .   wijnaldum wijnaldum has favourited speculation that he has the ambition to play for a ` great club ' in a major european league .
brendan rodgers faces three to four weeks out of action with hamstring injury .   sakho was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute at ewood park .   toure is in line to deputise once more for sakho against west brom , hull and qpr .
kieron power 's wife was given a # 110 ticket for 45 seconds behind a police car and van .   he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at a bus stop .   delivery driver kieron power was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws .
tiger woods was joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend lindsey vonn .   woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008 and the last of his four masters wins was woods ' first public appearance for 60 days .   the former world no1 has returned to action at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters 2015 .
one in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night .   86 per cent of those surveyed admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items that they are too embarrassed to buy in stores .   more than 27 % of australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders .
john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her battle with dementia .   bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 .   suchet has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , was once dubbed ` jabba the hutt '   he became so depressed over his size he refused to leave his house for a year .   nathan ran the streets in the dead of night when he started using weights .   but he has since lost more than half and is now a personal trainer .
last year dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company .   inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the arctic circle to australia , the photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the natural world .   last year hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong took it up last year .
jon huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect .   plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples .   hopes craze in fifty shades is jamie dornan .
red wine is so good at removing mineral deposits on carpets and clothes is to cover them in white wine .   the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society as part of its reactions series .   it covers three household cleaning ` hacks ' for windows , carpets and counter tops .
manchester city have ` let themselves down ' since 4-2 defeat at old trafford .   premier league champions have had ` honest ' campaign under manager manuel pellegrini .   joe hart and frank lampard are down in fourth position .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service , so that vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow .   prostitutes were left disappointed when drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year 's day because they both fell on thursday .   religious leaders have praised the initiative which has been running since last august .
porters are left to carry travellers ' heavy bags up and down steep stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station , in north-west prague , from 5am to 10pm every day .   more than three million airport customers use the bus every year .   but the no 119 bus did n't budget for an escalator .
arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in the premier league .   arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal 's run of results .   arsenal 's record to 16 wins in last 18 games .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker martinez last week .   the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around # 30million .   martinez came close to joining ac milan in january but the club failed to agree a fee .
milwaukee police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene of the accident .   a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital .   police say no suspects have been brought into custody .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration .   until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to southeast spain .   but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid .
australia 's ` tiny hearts and balls of steel ' claimed australia 's strategy of ` threatening them with violence '   australian prime minister tony abbott has been ` praised ' for the charge to stop the boats .   australia 's approach of having ` balls of tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the brits .   katie hopkins has written on social media and katie hopkins .
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao .   the fight set to gross more than $ 300million , according to redknapp .   redknapp says he ` can beat me in with his head '   the former liverpool midfielder says the arsenal legend is a ` man '   mayweather will be unbeaten in the unbeaten record .
more than 3,000 students received acceptance notices from the university of florida - only to find they would have to spend a year taking online classes for a year .   the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment -lrb- pace -rrb- - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students .   they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after reading their congratulations .
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss .   it would have a range of 62 miles -lrb- 100km -rrb- and could target things less than 0.4 inches .   the system would be used to shoot down pieces of space debris in earth orbit , says a new paper .
the gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 .   they held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year .   police released showing the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , was swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c when he got into difficulty .   police officers ` watched ' as a group of teenagers tried to save their friend who drowned in hampstead heath pond , it has been claimed .   teenagers were reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend .
kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 .   since it opened its doors , the airport also has an 21-year record .   the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage , seven of the ten are located in asia .
malky mackay was sacked by wigan athletic on monday .   stubbs ' no2 , john doolan , is on a two-year contract in leith .   former scotland defender gary caldwell is expected to be handed job .   mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages .
teaching watchdog is working on disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham where extremist islamic views were forced on pupils and staff .   more than 50 teachers called the park view brotherhood , also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group .   this includes offensive comments about british soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby was a hoax .
lib dem minister danny alexander has hit back at claims the tories have a secret plan to cut child benefit and child tax credits .   prime minister ` flatly rejected ' plans , claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of mr alexander .   but lib dems asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits .
paul gilbert even joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership .   he also blasted labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees and told voters at a university : ' i do n't like where we are '   labour candidate paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and joked that it was like he ' a manager of a football team that you do n't rate , but you still support the team '   the labour candidate said
dave sim , 36 , has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper .   he is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves .   he now hopes to cycle the entire tour de france last year .
24 per cent of 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices .   nine in teenagers confessed to going online every day as they were more likely to use snapchat .   pew research centre asked 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 about their phone habits .
michelle , 27 , has teased fashion fans with some items from her new lipsy range .   will be landing in store on wednesday .   has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges .
the third of five men arrested during raids in melbourne led police to foil an anzac day terror plot .   the man has now been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts '   he will appear in melbourne magistrates ' court on tuesday .   on monday a police insider said the accused men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife .
david tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his wife .   he remarried , but his second wife turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of # 24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy .   david is dating a third gambian woman and will prove to be third time lucky .
juan mata says manchester united need to look at the next seven premier league games as ` finals '   the spaniard has been in fine form for louis van gaal 's side .   united are currently above manchester city by one point .   mata scored a second goal off aston villa at old trafford .
legal adviser to alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of lord janner .   crown prosecution service confirmed that public prosecutions consulted neil moore at 23 essex street where daniel janner worked over whether to prosecute lord janner .   senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences against labour peer have raised concerns about mr moore 's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial .
` red ' len mccluskey asked me with a grin that was a slab-faced marxist .   he is popular with activists , his gospel of traditional hard-left socialism .   mccluskey and his union are an socialist force in british politics .
copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085 °c -lrb- 1,985 °f -rrb- causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent .   footage is the first time the failure of li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded .   it was filmed by paul shearing from university college london .
selfie queen karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them .   she said parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality '   mrs danczuk said she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child .   mrs danczuk became a hit on twitter after provocative photos of herself .
more than 37 tons of fish have been taken to the city 's main dump .   rodrigo de freitas lake is set to host the olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year 's games in rio de janeiro .   city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance .   mr saeed got out of his car and fired off the hunter armed only with a camera .   atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the lion .
robert o'neill claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming .   potential attendees were offered the change of a luxury stay in wyoming with robert o'neill , who would include a ` machine gun fun ' contest .   guests will be put up in the amangani resort hotel , a mountain hotel on a grand teton national park .
austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , near his wimauma home last week .   he kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he 'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth .   hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition .   bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death .
amateur jockey lewis ferguson is flung from his horse on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer paul nicholls .   the jockey from hawick is a first win in ferguson at wincanton .   the 18-year-old rider 's waist was with a fence in the fence .
arsenal beat qpr 2-1 at st james ' park in the premier league on february 7 .   arsene wenger 's men claim the longest winning streak in the this season .   arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against west ham .
the federal government will give shoshana hebshi $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks after armed agents forced her from a plane at detroit metropolitan airport , made her undress during a search and held her for hours .   hebshi hebshi , of sylvania , ohio , was traveling home after visiting a sister in california when was removed from the frontier airlines flight .   hebshi was held for hours before being released .
barcelona b winger moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city .   the barcelona striker has already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from the nou camp and teenager el ouriachi now on his way to the britannia stadium this summer .   el ouriachi 's agent is keen to seek first-team action .
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win .   the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark .   millsap carroll also scored eight points and five assists .
model and actress sulinh lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver on furious 7 , but this week she was unmasked as a member of the film 's crew .   at a furious 7 premiere in la friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set .   in the fast & furious franchise , the athletic , 95-pound actress told a blogger during the premiere of the latest installment in the action flick lafontaine vin diesel , michelle rodriguez and dwayne johnson .
the labour shadow chancellor unveiled a poster claiming voters had lost # 1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition with ` millions paying more while millionaires pay less '   but mr balls predicted that a conservative government would hike vat and cut the top rate of income tax for earnings over # 150,000 from 45p to 40p .   ed balls said today as ` money-back monday ' - with tax changes to cut taxes by # 3,028 on ` every working family ' , david cameron has ruled out .
john caudwell bought the audley street garage in mayfair , london for # 155million in order to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex .   new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats .   each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool .
teng jiazhi or uncle teng came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 c. ` they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi .   taxi driver ` uncle teng ' and his passengers captured thousands of happy passengers a day .   the taxi driver has taken 30,000 selfies with passengers .
peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east .   michelle obama also suggests that the united states should bomb syria .   peter 's father said public school children ca n't live on one packet of ketchup alone .
mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic scored for youtube star bas van velzen .   the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner at melwood .   balotelli had one of the liverpool forward 's slogan slogan .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium .   his team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch .   sumner said he has no regrets about the incident .
castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana .   images of fidel castro meeting with venezuelan visitors to havana were reported in cuban media on friday .   photos taken inside castro 's bus are the former president 's first public appearance since january 2014 .
kevin morton says he will ` have to try and live with it for the rest of my life '   he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over death at preston crown court .   morton , 49 , gave his son kye backhouse backhouse backhouse an ` strong painkiller '   kye was found dead at his home in cumbria last year .   morton was arrested after admitting he had given his son the painkiller .
the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s .   clair schuler is a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman .   he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee .
jermain defoe scored just twice for sunderland against sunderland in january .   the former fc striker was a hero for the black cats .   defoe says his volley against newcastle is his worth .
alliss , 84 , has said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members .   some clubs had only allowed female members if they played in return for membership fee .   equality act 2010 ruled women must have equal access to course .
steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population .   the former fat families star is on a plan to help motivate britain 's obesity crisis .   steve claims that overweight celebrities are promoting an unhealthy body image .
father-of-one szilveszter injected himself with petroleum jelly in the hope it would make his manhood bigger .   he feared he would never be able to have more children after the diy procedure left him unable to have sex .   he said : ' i had to stop having sex with my wife as it 's too painful '   hungarian born szilveszter said he had injected into his penis .
john hancock and her brother john hancock lodged a federal court to increase their stake in the family company , hancock prospecting .   emails between 2004 and 2006 tendered mr hancock told his sister ` fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities '   the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate gina rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests , the court heard .   bianca rinehart 's lawyer said she had been bullied into an email
kevin dixon , 35 , took his friend 's akita-type dog for a walk and hacked it seven times with an axe - killing the animal .   he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years .   kirklees magistrates ' court heard that dixon had agreed to walk the dog , tempa , for its owner amanda hamer who had been unable to do so after she suffered severe whiplash in 2014 .
trainer roger varian insists he has not lost faith after the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday 's greenham stakes .   andrea atzeni riding belardo to win the dubai dewhurst stakes at newmarket on may 2 .   richard hannon says tiggy wiggy is likely to take her place in the 1,000 guineas on may 3 .
venus williams set up a semi-final clash with andrea petkovic in the miami open .   suarez navarro won a 6-4 , 6-2 win over 14th karolina pliskova .   suarez navarro will now take the second set 6-1 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target .   stark warning comes from general keith alexander , the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency .   nsa officials are less confident that iran will show self-restraint .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
waheed ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir .   he was one of a group of nine detained , all from rochdale , including four children aged from one to 11 .   ht 's uk chairman dr abdul waheed said waheed ahmed was not member of ht .
visitors to dornoch 's golf course have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir .   the photo was originally put online by jon palmer from the cheese house , cromarty .   the tweet then retweeted facetious online comments .
since ellen degeneres broke internet with celebrity selfie at last year 's oscars .   organisers asked celebrities to stop taking ` ridiculous and grotesque ' images .   but this year 's festival has been declared a selfie-free zone .
richard hutchinson , 40 , has been jailed for two years for punching his former friend .   the pair had a ` long-running ' feud after hutchinson borrowed money but had not paid it all back .   hutchinson needed 16 days in intensive care and hutchinson .
cheryl howe was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12 .   she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs .   she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs , spending # 2,000 a year on razors and shaving up to three times a day .
bruce jenner said ` i 've always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked if he was a republican .   sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address .   jenner added that neither the republicans nor democrats had a ` monopoly on understanding ' and said he would lobby the gop over lgbt rights .
a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks .   doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain .   candy crush saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 .
erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters .   compton , 35 , is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week .   the 35-year-old is the no 1-ranked junior in the united states at 18 .
dejan lovren will be hoping to keep his place at anfield eight hours ahead of monday night 's match against blackburn .   liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city but have a game .   brendan rodgers and raheem sterling will feature if they can finish inside the top four and win the fa cup .
juventus remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table .   andrea pirlo 's goal was the first time torino had beaten juve in the derby for 20 years .   pirlo 's contract at juve expires at the end of next season .
edwin ` jock ' mee allegedly targeted 11 cadets on a military base in south london .   he is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes .   it is claimed that he hold the cousin of his alleged victim ' i hope she is as sweet as she looks '   mee , who now lives in scotland , has denied all the charges against him .
the westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq .   the seven savage filmed beheading videos by jihadi mohammed emwazi .   british militants have been trying to take part in terror group 's propaganda releases .
a 16-year-old boy who was seized in an anti-terror operation after he tried to buy deadly poison on the internet has been spared jail after the court heard he wanted to commit suicide .   the teenager from mossley , greater manchester , pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court earlier this month .   he was unaware his requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack .
shelbie brooke richards , 21 , of pearl to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police .   wingate also sentenced sarah adelia graves , 22 , of crystal springs to five years for their role in the 2011 murder of james craig anderson .   anderson died after being beaten and run over by a truck .
raheem sterling has been used at wing back by liverpool .   the 20-year-old impressed as part of england 's front three .   sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week .
the cloud dragon appears to breathe fire in incredible images captured by amateur photographer nicolas locatelli .   the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network .   the student , from san francisco said he did n't even notice until he checked his camera when he got home .
bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay .   the 21-year-old dutch international has played a rival role in psv 's title success this season .   de boer also claims he would get more regular football with cristiano ronaldo .
miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis is a regular user of the taxi app and told fans he had sent them a job application .   francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm as he wants to become an uber driver on twitter .   francis is set to make $ 40billion next season .
women of ancient history had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits .   ladies of ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost beauty regime .   egyptian queen nefertiti washed herself in white wine .
russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 .   it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later .   level 2 is second highest alert level .
just 15ft by 10ft , the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house .   owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people .   a beach hut has gone on the market for # 230,000 - one of britain 's most expensive beach huts .
christian benteke scored hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers .   belgium international has seven goals in seven games under sherwood .   manager tim sherwood said benteke can fire villa to premier league safety .
lydia ko fired a 68 to finish at seven-under 137 in the first women 's major of the season .   the 22-year-old won her maiden lpga tour title at the silk-bahamas lpga classic in february .   ko leader morgan pressel took the second shot to six feet on her final hole .
swedish retailer forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off shoes .   nappers had taken over half of beds and sofas in ikea shop .   sleepy shoppers have now banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds .
prime minister tony abbott has promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 .   two teenagers remain in custody following raids in south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies .   besim besim , from hallam , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts .
yahya rashid , 19 , is due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today .   he was arrested at luton airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 .   rashid was taken to a central london police station he landed on a flight from istanbul .
matt pliska , a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes '   mikenzy , who has down syndrome , spread an message about friendship when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   ' i just feel like it ... shows our friendship to the list , ' mikenzy said .
comedian rik mayall failed to leave his family with a inheritance tax bill .   but probate records reveal he had no will .   he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident .   his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds .
leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso says five serie a titles would be like winning a trophy .   cambiasso joined leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium .   the foxes face west ham united at home on saturday .
the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service .   the video 's vision shows yusuf babies in a maternity ward .   the terrorist organisation is mimicking britain 's national health service .
mick tabone , 74 , previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 .   for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him and never once felt as he was in danger .   rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci scored at dens park .   turkish midfielder ciftci dundee no 1 bain was the lead .   dundee earn first win in a derby for 10 years .
unknown digger was used to front woolworths ' ` fresh in our memories ' ad campaign .   he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force .   his photograph was taken between 1915 and 1918 in sydney .
digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins at a block of flats in north london last week .   he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero .   staff at the rspca say he has been revived and come out of his shell .
the k-9 angels have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed over 2,500 dogs .   the ` euthanasia ' of strays was legalised by the romanian parliament in september 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation .   but a group of former models called the k-9 have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be killed in romania .
clermont are relishing champions cup semi-final against northampton .   jonathan davies says clermont are ` sharpening the blade ' ahead of saturday 's semi-final .   davies has warned the plan is to use the aviva premiership 's second best side .
serena williams beat italian sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off on sunday .   flavia pennetta was mchale and alison riske against karin knapp and pennetta .   mary joe fernandez has said williams will play doubles if the series is tied .
elena udrea , 41 , is accused of taking bribes and abusing her power .   she was investigated over claims during her time as tourism minister .   romania is one of the most corrupt countries in the european union .
virgil van dijk was at den 's park on wednesday night .   celtic 's jason denayer and paul mcginn were on the scoresheet .   ronny deila 's side face celtic in the premier league on may 10 .
philipp lahm will look to lead his team into the champions league on tuesday .   bayern remain on course for three trophies and will meet borussia dortmund in the german cup semi-final .   franck ribery has been out for more than a month .
eric harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot .   once they catch up to harris , they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach .   harris , who was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops .
javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city .   the mls side are coached by former everton and adrian heath .   wolfsburg , ac milan , lazio and inter milan are keen on the 26-year-old .
commuter amanda curtis snapped the quadruple rainbow - made of two pairs next to each other at the glen cove lirr station outside of new york city .   the rare formation appears to be formed of two double rainbows , appeared over a commuter rail station on long island .   curits posted the image on twitter that it would bring her luck .
the 32-year-old admitted that his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops .   claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety .   claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season after mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia .   mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff claims the champions will fight off the new threat of ferrari .   from out of the mercedes it was scarlet red of ferrari .
migrant ship capsized en route to europe from libya this weekend .   it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes .   only 5,000 refugees who survive the journey will be granted safe haven in europe and the rest will be sent back .
aston villa beat aston villa fa cup final in may .   philippe coutinho fired liverpool with a solo effort from fabian delph and tim sherwood 's side into the lead .   fabian delph scored the race for holland at the world cup .
researchers studying chimps in uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory .   they found at a busy asphalted road through the sebitoli area of kibale national park in uganda .   it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour to busy roads .
attorneys for plaintiff sarah grimes would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit .   grimes pledged the phi mu sorority at the university of alabama in 2009 .   each woman should pay her own legal costs .
venessa harris , 12 , was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search .   venessa 's parents kelly harris and karen monaghan found out their daughter could have cancer on christmas eve .   but her condition was n't confirmed until the new year .
twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool .   footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground .   other social media users have been pictures of the monster hail .
stan collymore was in full fan mode during aston villa 's 3-3 draw with qpr on tuesday night .   the former villa striker called joey barton a ` f ***** rat ' during the game .   collymore believed he was n't working for talksport .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in new south wales this saturday .   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday .   now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body just a week before her big day .
tony blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after sex abuse allegations .   the 72-year-old is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff most of them blackburn 's vintage .   the probe also exposed staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison .   macemore was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service , register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years , receive a sexual offender psychological assessment .   macemore was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014 .
the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste in walsham-le-willows , between eye and bury st .   the mounds of rubbish is believed to be the worst case of flytipping he 's seen in 28 years .   he will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up .
cesc fabregas returned to emirates stadium for first time since joining barcelona in 2011 .   chelsea manager jose mourinho led lee mason to the emirates stadium .   he was booed by david ospina in the first half .
astronomers say a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - ripped apart a planet at the edge of the milky way galaxy .   when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star .   the gravity at the surface of the white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity .
the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre , the city 's second-tallest building at 492 metres .   two workers who were stuck in the platform only suffered minor injuries .   authorities are investigating the incident .
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof died six days after giving birth to her baby daughter elizabeth kelly .   anne-louise was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged five , and her parents were informed she had three months to live .   anne-louise , who grew up in sydney , collapsed in the waiting area of the canadian hospital and is believed to have died suddenly from a burst cyst in her pancreas .
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart .   all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs .   how ` in touch ' with themselves are n't immune .
the new jersey judge says the concert trip is n't evidence of bad parenting .   the mother admitted to being a ` little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but the girl was ` dying to go '   the parents have joint custody , and the father said he disagreed with the ` sexually suggestive ' nature of some of pink 's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it .   jones said pink may have some suggestive moves and lyrics .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years , crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes .   he began his voyage at haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days , one quicker than the previous record by australian tom denniss .   mr carr ran across five continents during his 621-day challenge by a day .
romelu lukaku signed a five-year contract at goodison so will have four years remaining after this summer .   roberto martinez has dismissed claims striker could leave goodison park .   southampton have scored five goals in nine games since start of february .
$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage .   three years after police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a wiley park property .   the works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor , peter o'mara 's home in darling point .
paul gascoigne 's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham .   the gunners won the league at wembley but tottenham won free-kick 35 yards from goal .   paul gascoigne was a footballer at wembley on april 14 .
mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in moors by 67-year-old kenneth ward , naked apart from socks and boots .   the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her .   ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and a sexual offences prevention order .
the greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence .   uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend greece .   greek government have proposed new laws from european competitions .
alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of michael vaughan , andrew strauss and alec stewart .   the ecb are to spread the net than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed paul downton .   ecb regime led by chief executive tom harrison and chairman colin graves would waste .
professor bryan sykes claims a towering woman appeared to be ` half human , half ape '   she was discovered in the caucasus mountains between georgia and russia as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal '   she was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in tkhina .   it is thought zana roamed the remote caucusus mountains , where sykes says her african ancestors lived for many generations .   experts believe the wandering ` wild woman ' was found lurking in the remote region of ochamchir in
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , cbs new york , shutting down three train lines in both directions .   around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway .   no 1 , 2 or 3 train service in directions between chambers street and times square/42nd street .
gavin munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds , pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints .   he 's already created several prototype pieces and has a crop of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades .   mr munro , 39 , believes the technique has been dubbed botanical manufacturing .
lionel messi was linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year .   barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has told messi that he would like the argentine star to stay with the club until he retires .   messi has been with the catalan giants since the age of 13 .
keaway lafonz ivy , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant , maryland .   police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy 's slaying .   iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides .
casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random .   the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana .   ms veal told 60 minutes after her son was stabbed 32 times with homemade copper baton .
tina campbell , from london , paid # 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected .   but tina , who spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , said the incident has not changed her from hair hair extensions again .   miss campbell , a woman who bought cheap hair extensions in a bid to look with an infection and a hole in her head .
patrick revins , 49 , sold # 10-worth of the class a drug hidden in kinder egg .   detective recognised him because he has his initials - ` p ' and ` r ' tattooed on his face .   revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
charlotte bevan was able to walk out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms .   police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near clifton suspension bridge .   miss bevan is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems .
adam leheup , 34 , allegedly arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later .   leheup met the woman on july 9 , 2013 after crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar .   blackfriars crown court heard leheup missed his last train home so he could massage her back with oil .
mary was in the town of aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of denmark by germany on april 9 , 1940 .   the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties .   mary was met by the danish military in aabenraa .
two muslims have put a 14-year-old pakistani boy in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body after they set him on fire because he is a christian .   the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , who has been identified only as nuaman , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene .   the boy , who is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore , described how he was approached by the two muslim youths .
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko .   the siezen family have a truck for a home in new zealand 's roads .   the couple transformed their house into a rooftop bathtub with two turrets in the rear .
jurgen klopp will be a top manager at the end of the season .   germany international mertesacker says klopp would be good fit in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has been linked with arsenal in the bundesliga .
spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket .   jordan spieth returns to golf just days after winning the masters and will play in the world rankings with the masters ' win .   spieth does n't believe the success will change him .
beth o'rourke has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight .   beth o'rourke , 44 , wrote her own obituary for herself before she passed away after a years long battle with cancer .   ' i died thursday , 2015 surrounded by family , ' she said .
michael carrick made his england debut against mexico in may 2001 .   he won his 54 england caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957 .   carrick has played for england for 13 years , 310 days .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four .   the room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade ` gate '   the children appeared to have been fed their meals through a gate .   suggs and kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect .
81 years since the notorious ` surgeon 's photograph ' claimed to show evidence of a monster living in loch ness , was published in the daily mail .   the tech giant has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to the southwest of inverness .   project set up to explore the loch and investigate all alleged sightings .
james freedman , 49 , removes harry mount 's ` skills ' on stage in a show .   he even takes off someone 's tie how to pick a pocket or two .   freedman has also advised the ` art ' to actors .
the cardinal who led the service urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot andreas lubitz who is blamed for ` deliberately ' crashing the jet .   lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of suicide .   german president joachim gauck said the tragedy had not only .
snp leader will unveil manifesto including welfare payments , energy bills and english university tuition fees .   slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of # 9,000 a year to # 6,000 , and rolling back competition in the english nhs .   tories warn snp leader nicola sturgeon will be prime minister after election .
dave king has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom .   rangers can put down the circus tent as chairman of rangers .   former rangers chairman smith says the club can move on .
southampton beat blackburn premier league cup at st mary 's on monday night .   sam gallagher made 18 premier league appearances for the club last season .   blackburn keeper ryan seager scored the saints goal for southampton .
ashley young is like a senior member of manchester united squad .   the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa .   the 29-year-old says he has an important role under louis van gaal .
brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli .   he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .   brimager murdered baldelli , dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area .
rebecca and husband harry was 28 weeks pregnant on june 4 .   three 's company is part of the palm market .   hotels are on the lagoon .
hundreds of morning commuters in boston were delayed today after a truck crashed on an elevated highway over subway and rail tracks .   the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city 's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am , and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .   officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .
49 per cent of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 per cent backing labour .   labour leader used a speech in edinburgh to claim tory election campaign has descended into ` desperation and panic '   but some polls put labour ahead across the uk .   snp is up three points to 49 % , record high and support for snp .
aston villa beat wembley fa cup final on sunday .   jack grealish was the best player on the pitch .   fabian delph ran the game with jordan henderson .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on monday .   when the officer asks what she is doing , she says : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace '   dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg , south carolina , after they spotted a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump .   hubbard claims he was just doing his job .
one of three kidnappers was granted parole 39 years after hijacking a school bus full of children .   schoenfield abducted the children and kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom .   the state board of parole hearings granted parole for james schoenfeld today .
nina anderson searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth , hampshire , after gold and silver necklaces worth # 400 were taken from her bedroom as she watched television .   she eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express in the city centre two months after the raid .   portsmouth crown court heard campbell , who has been jailed for three years .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao made public appearances on tuesday .   powell was on the las vegas strip to the mgm grand in las vegas .   sportsmail 's jeff powell will be the mega-fight at saturday .
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute .   moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office in a failed attempt to have him hurt or killed , authorities said .   ` he wanted to put him out of business so it could get his business , ' prosecutors said .
retired priest neil richardson , 69 , moved to braintree in essex to be confronted with his former head teacher john jemison , 74 , through a social media campaign she launched with friends .   niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , are n't the only pair to have found their real-life doppelgängers .   now three similar cases have been revealed .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mike keen , the labour leader 's cousin , said he was ` officially confused ' over whether or not the party was given to scrap non-dom rules .   mr miliband used a speech to say he would ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms .   in january ed balls said it would cost the country money .
arsenal 's olivier giroud and arsene wenger have been named as the premier league player and manager of the month for march - with harry kane 's bid for a third award in a row .   giroud scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march to earn the award .   the gunners are now a point behind second-placed manchester city with eight games remaining .
ap mccoy won last year 's race on pineau de re .   leighton aspell walked away from the sport for 18 months .   he won the race with hedgehunter in 2005 and ballabriggs in 2011 .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama .   he said the show as the ` last bastion of englishness ' because it had no black or asian characters .   this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor .
the three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex , reached 25c in some parts of the uk .   workers at an office block said the pair did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session .   one man can be heard asking why she wants to get an air horn .
thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against borussia dortmund .   the midfielder had n't played for the bayern since march in 2014 .   thiago admits he is still hoping to get back into the side .
kfc 's quiz contains 30 questions , which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree '   robert phipps assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company .   kfc 's human resources boss , robert phipps claimed the test was specially designed to apply for a job with company .   the questions are ` okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid ' , he said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
timothy mcveigh was considered a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government .   the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history .   the trove was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998 .
isabelle obert believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet .   believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception .   but one in seven couples have trouble trouble .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls .   he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her in 1983 .   he was jailed at leicester crown court after pleading guilty to two counts of murder .
josh mason , who is standing in lib dem-held redcar , said his own party leader nick clegg was ` not the most popular '   he said that a visit from the party leader to the seat , would not ` do us any favours '   mr clegg has thanked nick clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters .   most lib dem mps are trying to keep mr clegg off their leaflets and campaign on local issues .   the party 's poll ratings have
amanda lamb stars in the new air wick campaign as she poses with air wick for a new range of home fragrances .   the images were captured by vogue and gq photographer willy camden .   amanda says it is the campaign take inspiration from scent .
a marks & spencer chicken and smoked bacon salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1 g of fat .   a pizza express classic margherita pizza has 683 calories and contains only 22.5 g of sugar .   pret 's posh cheddar comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie mcdonald 's quarter pounder with cheese .
with less than four weeks to go , the 2015 general election is the ` selfie election '   critics branded the 1929 vote - when women first had full suffrage - the ` flapper election '   nick clegg and david cameron and farage attended the campaign trail in south ockenden , essex .   conservative mps were told at the campaign to pose for ` selfies '   but politicians have left no party with ed miliband and nick clegg .   clegg has also been on the act with supporters
sam allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season .   west ham manager garry monk is out of contract at upton park .   west ham are ninth in the premier league table .
lionel messi wants to play at celta vigo on sunday .   the argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break .   he now faces tests on thursday .
grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight .   she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting .   monday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman .
the 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong .   he gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india after attending its camel fair .   he has travelled more than 600,000 miles and visited a third of the world .
griffo , 42 , is based in latina , led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of iceland .   they are said to have been a storm in the current solar cycle .   italian photographer giovanna griffo was in iceland to capture the night sky .
phil neville has impressed for louis van gaal 's side this season .   real madrid have been linked with a long-term replacement for iker casillas .   david de gea met man united fans in the week as part of a day .
house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire .   hughes claims he informed police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone , which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption .   norad reported that they did not scramble any assets and were not informed of the flight until it had landed .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot .   the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating .   tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons as tillero 's mother , olga tillero .
australian mp andrew robb revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression .   he said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .   mr robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze .
david cameron has watched the great british bake off this year .   david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the 2015 general election .   ukip pendents and party leader underwear are on shelves .   the pack of 36 patriotic cases in tory blue with a union jack design comes in at # 5 a pop .
gulf state 's constellation hotels bought 64 per cent stake in claridge 's hotel .   it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as # 1.6 billion .   constellation also recently bought london park lane hotel and owns le grand hotel in paris .
suzy howlett , 54 , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar .   in one section mr tanswell and ms snook promise that ukip will ` take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house '   the two ukip council candidates have been taken to school by a teacher who covered their election leaflet in corrections - but they claim it is a
a boy aged 14 and a girl of 16 have been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism .   the boy was held in blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices and raided a house in longsight , manchester , on friday as part of the same investigation .   both were bailed until may 28 .
ed miliband said he would have to pay # 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than # 2million but claimed this did not mean he lived in one .   the claim comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens - including one for the family 's live-in nanny .   mr miliband said his home was not a mansion .
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads .   school claims that the ban is intended to tackle a specific ` chasing ' game which has caused children to hurt themselves .   parents are furious about the ban .
mother of two lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus in the hot cross buns .   she noticed the resemblance in a six pack of # 1 buns she had purchased from sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire .   it has yet to receive any bids at the california couple .
french photographer thomas lamadieu takes snaps of the sky .   he travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in cities .   he has visited belgium , germany , canada , the u.s. and south korea .
manny pacquiao took time out of fight against floyd mayweather on may 2 .   pacquiao said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin ` thank you @jlin7 for ' to show off his support .   welterweight boxer pacquiao has been in la with pacquiao boxer jeremy lin .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album .   the album cover was the brainchild of artists peter blake and jann haworth and photographer michael cooper .   the cardboard assistant was given 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the beatles .
lewis hamilton and olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 .   hamilton was spotted on the rome set for the sequel in a scene .   owen wilson 's hansel was sat front row with olivia munn .
babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers .   just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children .   a third of 10-11 year olds in england are overweight or obese .   finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription .
council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at the steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire - and owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .   inspectors found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public .   inspectors found kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair .
petri kurti , 13 , fled to a nearby park in smethwick , west midlands .   he was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life .   judge john warner said the boy had been ` running wild ' in his home life .
the 40-second-video recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach .   the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and an attempt to remove the baboon from the truck to search for supplies .   an israeli tourist captured the moment a baboons robbed the supply truck of its snacks .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer .   hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 , with new rules introduced at the start of the premier league season .   west brom wear retro kits against leicester on saturday as the foundation was launched on jeff astle day at the hawthorns .
jermain defoe was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle .   the sunderland striker was booed at the wwe event on thursday .   defoe agreed a move back to the premier league in january .
ian poulter has two top 10 finish at the masters in the bahamas .   the ryder cup 's first round of the arnold palmer invitational is the first major of the year .   poulter will be fit for augusta national .
the video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the stuart highway , north of alice springs .   the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into ` race hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone .   the video is part of a promotional tour from porsche to promote their 918 spyder , a limited edition $ 900,000 supercar .
the 36-year-old is seeking $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail .   the suit also claims that the buccaneers ` failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals ' who used team 's facilities .   lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers for $ 20million .
steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici in saturday 's fa cup semi-final by alexis sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra-time .   the australian beat arsenal in extra-time .   clarke said he was ` shocked ' by the incident .
ed miliband tweeted praise for green party leader natalie bennett .   he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by people ` from all walks of life '   but it was revealed 100 ` working people ' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers and union and party activists .   campaign chiefs had tried to rebuff a letter backing him .
the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson , one expert claims .   the yoda image comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the smithfield decretals .   dr harrison said the drawing shows the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document .
disgraced davis high school educator brianne altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor .   one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the davis county school district for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him .   altice began flirting with the student , then 16 , and other boys in her class .
former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it .   mr gove said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners .   but he refused to rule out cuts to children benefit .
damian parks , 22 , drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am .   he was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on monday morning .   parks and the men he was swimming with were part of a step team called melodic stepping experience .
sam barton has had # 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex .   22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house .   on easter monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car .
marina lyons , 80 , took her dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour .   the operation , carried out three weeks ago , was successful but marina lyons noticed lots of bruising on the its back .   ms lyons discovered bruising on her dog 's back she asked the vet about it .   rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn .
lobster pound and moore , in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children '   the message was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents .   the canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was ` an adult themed restaurant . ` would n't grace their doors if they enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves '   chef and owner richard moore to reverse his policy .
joanne bolton told how she begged him to put her to bed so she did n't die on the floor .   the 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home .   miss bolton was jailed for 18 years after he admitted attempted murder of miss bolton .
lazio beat napoli 1-0 in the coppa italia final on wednesday .   the biancoceleste won 3-1 at cagliari last weekend in the champions league .   lazio coach stefano pioli believes his players are to blame .
paris st germain will be suspended zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti against barcelona .   psg beat ligue 1 3-2 in the champions league final on saturday .   david luiz and zlatan ibrahimovic also suspended for psg .
mother-of-three farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents .   the taliban declared the vaccine to be a ` western conspiracy ' and a ` bio-weapon ' that would make children sick .   it is opposed to music , television and education for girls over the age of ten .
joanessa clawson , 35 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , face felony conspiracy charges .   the gofundme page is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist for help for the clawson family .   the couple has two children , the daughter and an older son .
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire .   the 39-year-old ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record in the bout against jennings .   klitschko is 19-0 since winning the crown for the second time in 2006 .
ulysses beaudoin , 39 , of texas , gunned down ulysses nelson tuesday night after showing up at the family 's home in katy , texas .   deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek subdivision .   beaudoin had pulled up to the house in his ford suv and shot him twice in the back .
the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan .   the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state .   the rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he heard buzzing from the ground .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when a pedestrian had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
thomas cain 's mother ora died in 1943 , when he was 12 years old .   andrea ferrell , 29 , gave him an old photograph for the first time in 70 years .   his mother , ora mae , is thought to be a teenager in the image .
pauline bruce 's neighbour said she was frightened for the lives of herself and her family .   during the course of her harassment she taunted her dying husband .   yvonne went from being a friend , to a nuisance .   tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 .
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer .   the young british athlete says he ran sub-20 at the 200m runners in the warmup .   gemili has announced his plans for 200m at the last world .
mercedes driver hamilton took to the water after winning the bahrain grand prix .   world champion hamilton has been training for the marathon with his wife .   jenson button is training for sunday 's london marathon .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons .   both mr and mrs peppelman had chainsaw cuts to their body , montgomery county district attorney says only mrs peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide currently .   the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a murder-suicide .
maria - worn by the von trapp children - played by julie andrews .   now seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at the end of the month .   the costumes are being auctioned as one single lot , include a jumper and matching shorts set wore by debbie turner as marta .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with instagram followers of him with his wife and daughter .   rakitic 's wife also posted an image of her celebrations with rakitic .   croatia midfielder played the full 90 minutes against paris saint-germain .
peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters '   around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya .   mr endean is also ukip 's communications manager for the city , has apologise and claims he re-tweeted it by mistake .   david cameron will meet in brussels .
frank abagnale has said individuals in the western world have already already had their identities stolen .   in the 2002 steven spielberg film abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lawyer and an airline pilot over the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .   mr abagnale works as a consultant to british company lexisnexis .
rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion .   stuart mccall 's cracker of a free-kick sent the home side into the lead two minutes after the break .   livingston marius zaliukas scored twice in second place .
amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee .   she claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride .   ms prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and de quervain 's tenosynovitis in her right wrist .
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call .   most of its body is a brilliant lime green , like all species of glass frogs , the skin on its underside is see-though .   animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible .
residents of new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage , with heavy rain possible from thursday .   state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed .   the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week could hit the region .
missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town of missoula , montana , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital .   miss belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players , but they were never charged .   she was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison .
sir oliver popplewell says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ` see if there was anything sinister '   the fire at bradford 's valley parade killed 56 people and injured at least 265 after it broke out during a football league third division match against lincoln city on saturday may 11 , 1985 .   the fire was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by the club 's then chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1995 .   the cause was an
danny nickerson , six , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 .   he received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ' a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a brain tumor .   he received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined .
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old .   the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how their decorated shells would have once looked .   the geographic cone snail uses the chemical to cause a plunge in blood sugar , but under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed .
scott kelley , now 50 , fled the u.s. with stepdaughter mary nunes and her mother ten years ago has finally given himself up in costa rica .   the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve kelley , mary 's mother , during a custody dispute with mark nunes .   he refused to give up the location of her husband and daughter , who had not been seen for a decade until this week .
julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff .   he is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit .   the 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years .
u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to michelle-lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights .   norsworthy has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second-degree murder .   she has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win dutch championship on saturday .   striker luuk de jong scored two goals in the opening minute .   psv eindhoven won first eredivisie title in seven years .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth .   the performance was also a tribute to their father , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago .   mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage .
patrick lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma .   his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 .   lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate the charge .   lyttle agreed to plead guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .
chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday in the capital one cup final .   jamie carragher believes jose mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield .   carragher and neville agreed mourinho would have a special plan to stop united 's run of form .
chelsea take on shakhtar donetsk in the uefa youth league on monday .   adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland .   solanke has scored 11 youth league games in his side 's 4-0 semi-final win over roma on friday .
arizona governor doug ducey said castro ` lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people '   castro is survived by his wife , pat and his two daughters , mary pat james and beth castro .   castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care .   castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina .
colin hendry has been banned from driving after he was caught drunk at the wheel of his ford focus .   police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home .   he was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a lytham cocktail bar .
stoke city midfielder charlie adam scored the goal of his career at stamford bridge .   adam shot from in his own half after keeper thibaut courtois off his line .   the scotland international beat stoke city 's defeat to chelsea .
sergio aguero opened the scoring for city 4-2 at old trafford .   ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored .   david moyes transformed from a joke figure to a key player .
frankie ruttledge ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years .   the slimming world consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time .   frankie hopes to wear a size ten dress .
barcelona beat almeria 4-0 in the la liga on wednesday night .   martin montoya scored a lofted pass from around 30 yards ` downtown ' into a basketball ring on the other side of the session .   luis suarez and lionel messi return to training on thursday .
assistant commissioner mark rowley said isis is trying to ` pick up ' fighters among ` the vulnerable , people with violent backgrounds , very young people and those with mental health issues '   mr rowley issued warning of new tactics in ` chaotic ' terror attacks with al qaeda .   isis execution jihadi john is being used to recruit network of ` misfits '   mr rowley said : ` we still have groups ... we have to be concerned . '   he said attack on london teenager brustholm ziamani is
shakhtar donetsk 's best footballers have scored eight times in europe this season .   lionel messi also has eight goals in the champions league .   ronaldo and messi will play at least two more times after real madrid .
zulkifli bin hir , a malaysian member of the jemaah islamiah militant group , is dead .   the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin hir was killed in a .   raid in january .
ayyan ali was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport .   she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi since .   ali was last seen in public wearing an ` uncharacteristic ' burka outside court .
this week hutton has released ` my love affair with food ' in collaboration with the australian women 's weekly .   the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia .   she 's a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years .
hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , uploaded the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence and told her followers : ` nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful '   only two minutes later , the mum of twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence '   hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to inspire others was horrified after they were removed for breaching the site 's decency guidelines .   hannah says
eden hazard gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united .   referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived .   ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill .
us department of the treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the country went off the gold standard .   they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 .   the government believed that switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933 .
tiger woods won his first round at augusta in the final par five .   the former professional david feherty won his short game in augusta .   woods said he was inspired by tiger woods as a ` dumbass '   woods won the augusta with the world no 111 .
danny higginbotham calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced '   republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane scored a free-kick .   keane is part of martin o'neill 's backroom staff after his role at aston villa .   keane scored in 1-1 draw with villa on december 15 .
jenson button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for bahrain grand prix .   button was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal after his engine failure .   button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since 2008 canadian grand prix .
the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen .   the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt .   march madness is a group of meerkats .
lance corporal leonard keysor , 30 , received a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live , palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine to save the lives of his comrades .   the victoria cross is the highest military honour an australian can receive .   lcpl keysor even caught some of the bombs in mid-air , channel 7 's sunday night reported .
leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 .   she has faced mounting criticism from congress that she 's been unable to change the agency 's culture .   leonhart was criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said they had lost confidence in her .
kenedy has represented brazil at under 17 and under level .   chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the brazilian starlet .   the 19-year-old has been linked with manchester united and juventus .
elisha wilson beach , from los angeles , posted photo of herself breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet .   wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , known for his roles on sons of anarchy , third watch and er .   the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times .
more than 2,000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi .   american troops have been training iraqi forces at ain al-asad military base .   some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced .
bayern munich beat porto 1-0 in 6-1 victory at bayern munich .   manager pep guardiola split his pants on his left leg .   german club face porto last night .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby set to play for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night .   club captain mikel arteta should also feature against stoke city at the emirates stadium .   wilshere has been out of action since november .
alex hales believes england 's players are n't competing in enough twenty20 competitions .   hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition .   the blast nottinghamshire 's hales has said he will visit to play t20 cricket this summer .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jordan henderson is ` over the moon ' after signing a new contract .   the midfielder was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign fulham 's clint dempsey to reject the move .   the club 's vice-captain will keep him at liverpool until 2020 .
stoke city manager mark hughes says his side must end their run at chelsea .   chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season .   marc muniesa is set to return to the squad after a hamstring problem .
hull kr have plugged the gap created by michael weyman and ryan bailey .   tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with his old canberra team-mate terry campese .   australian forward dane tilse will move from canberra raiders to hull kr on a two-year contract .
david healy , head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact .   the emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression .   they took off because of the idea that ssris restored serotonin levels to normal .
fifa boss sepp blatter said russia is ready to host the world cup .   blatter said the 2018 world cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football 's world cup .   blatter was set to host putin on a world cup in 2010 .
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the career grand slam .   the world no 1 has won all of his four majors after rain .   last year 's trio of fred couples miguel angel jimenez .
aston villa host aston villa at wembley on sunday night .   steven gerrard 's time at liverpool will now end .   brendan rodgers says gerrard is a substitute for liverpool .
the prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday when he joked that everyone should back his team but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants .   cameron this morning admitted he could n't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past west ham 's famous upton park ground the day before .   prime minister had not returned to london on friday on the party 's battle bus - but had flown back from clacton-on-sea .
the black cats are two places and three points above the bottom three come may 24 .   dick advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager .   sunderland were beaten 4-1 by crystal palace on saturday .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final on wednesday .   ibrahimovic took his psg career tally to 102 goals since three years ago .   psg are bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season .
the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962 .   sir stirling moss said he sees fitness as a ` way of life '   sir stirling said : ' i have half a bottle of wine a day '   sir stirling won 77 press-ups and half bottle of chardonnay .   at 85 , he last drove more than 50 years ago .
victorino chua , 49 , has given evidence for the first time and denied he murdered three and poisoned 18 more at stepping hill hospital in stockport .   denied murdering patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 and derek weaver , 83 , and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012 .   chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all .
steven davis , 57 , of milton , and his relatives are sure bulger killed his sister , debra davis , in 1981 , despite the jury returning a ` no finding ' verdict .   the film starring johnny depp and dakota johnson , has already upset the families of some of bulger 's many victims .   his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy .
the 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the premier league .   swansea are interested in signing neil taylor this summer .   schalke defender neil taylor is a # 4million target for west brom .
bikini model alexis randock posted photo on instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .   pga tour star rickie fowler accused alexis of being a ` gold digger ' ` must be nice getting s *** free in life and not have to work for it '   alexis also was quick to judge and accused of working at mcdonald 's .   alexis randock 's user name was called ` fatalsplash '   the golfer 's girlfriend has now earned extra brownie points .
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola .   the pair fell out over an injury to philipp lahm during training as november last year .   lahm was at his city centre clinic .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were recently trying to find him to an outside animal .   caesar went missing from their home in ispheming on the weekend , and followed some tracks in the soft grass .   he was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral .
the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night .   he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance .   now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots of the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of thursday morning .
residents of rural towns like cumnock and errowanbang in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools , save the local bus run and keep businesses open .   farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke .   cumnock resident christine weston says the rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 .
llallawavis scagliai was a flightless creature which lived in europe between 40 and 55 million years ago .   it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird 's auditory system and its trachae .   they say they believe it was not a meat eater .
aaron taylor-johnson , 24 , was 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and directed him .   six years , one marriage and two children later the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt 's character in the film case of benjamin button , who ages in reverse .   sam taylor-johnson is the avengers age of ultron world premiere in la .
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup replay win over blackburn rovers to leave brendan rodgers with just two available first-team centre backs .   french defender was replaced by kolo toure and partnered dejan lovren in a defence with emre can and martin skrtel .   sakho will be serving a one match ban for a red card against arsenal on sunday .
the child was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats on wednesday .   the coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety .   the boy was flown back to hard sand and was not harmed in the incident .
a state prisons official says hernandez , 25 , was moved wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts .   hernandez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 .   lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .
lionel messi is not the best player in the world , according to eric cantona .   the former manchester united forward has scored 51 goals in the ballon d'or in 1993 behind roberto baggio and dennis bergkamp .   spain won the french league cup with psg last saturday .
barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo .   food was burned after jihadis noticed birds had been reared and slaughtered in the united states .   images of chicken burning released by islamic state 's official propaganda wing in aleppo province .
in a leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' due to ` high global interest combined with our initial supply '   it was expected to launch on 24 april .   an estimated 957,000 shoppers ordered apple watches on friday and found 11 % of people who own an iphone are ` very likely ' to buy the $ 349 smart timepiece this year .   more than 10
the nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912 .   a 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck is expected sold for # 100,000 at auction .   the ship 's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in halifax , nova scotia .
christian trousedale , 18 , became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral .   his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture .   the picture of mr trousedale has been ` liked ' a quarter of a million times .
eight per cent of british muslims said they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john .   four out of ten british muslims blame mi5 and the police for radicalising british teenagers .   one in five followers of islam believe british muslims do not do enough to integrate into society .
the video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car .   the lions at orana wildlife park approach the cage and eating meat through its bars .   the lion licks at a piece of meat .   as sakura .
charlie adam scored in reserve match against accrington stanley .   the stoke midfielder has been the subject of football this easter season .   adam scored his 66-yard goal for blackpool in 2009 .
duncan burton , 57 , was released on wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years .   burton served 14 years of an 18 year sentence for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine .   he was allowed to work for uber despite being a convicted cocaine dealer .
chelsea beat manchester united 0-0 at the emirates on saturday .   john terry and branislav ivanovic scored for arsenal in the premier league .   john terry , jose mourinho 's side have scored 33 premier league goals .
alex gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion 's us headquarters .   but it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from david miscavige , the leader of the church and other prominent scientologists .   lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose hbo 's ` going clear ' might not be broadcast by sky atlantic .
arsenal face reading in fa cup semi-final at 12.10 pm on thursday .   danny welbeck talks to arsenal 's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one .   danny welbeck has scored against manchester united and his fa cup .
finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are more ways to improve the look and feel of your home for buyers .   the house on the market and last sold four years ago for $ 5.5 m .   it 's expected to fetch upwards of $ 2.5 m .
wladimir klitschko will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years .   the 39-year-old faces up to bryant jennings on friday .   wba , wbo , ibf and ibo champion klitschko has n't seen decline .
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris .   rajee had morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon .   rajee was recently treated by dr paul nassif , who gave her softening injections and laser therapy to treat the botched surgery .
virgil van dijk insists their season will still be a success if they clinch scottish premiership title .   manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season .   van dijk scored in scottish cup semi-final defeat by inverness on sunday .
the codpieces used in the hit bbc drama wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size .   victoria miller said those used in show would have been far too modest for henry viii 's court .   homeland star damian lewis admitted that the codpieces were a source of some ` giggling ' during filming .
more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at general electric 's appliance park in louisville .   there were no known injuries at the structure , building 6 , where up to 50 people work during a normal day .   production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home .
bailey murrill , of denton in texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days .   she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor .   bailey murrill 's favorite nurse came to see her after caring for her when she lost all feeling from the waist down and took 11 days to recover .
the party 's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare .   more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave .   critics will argue businesses can not be expected to cope with more rights for employees .
duke of york made his first public appearance since lurid sex claims against him were thrown out .   he was at the factory as part of his work with akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough , and has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts .   trip to slough comes less than five days after claims andrew had sex with an under-age teenager were removed from civil court records .
luis enrique has played down neymar 's reaction to be substituted against sevilla .   the brazil forward was furious at being replaced by xavi with 20 minutes left .   barcelona face chelsea in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago .   they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material .   a heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight .
taya kyle , 40 , has given an interview to 20/20s robin roberts about her life since eddie ray routh was convicted of killing her husband , american sniper , in february .   taya was speaking to roberts for a special edition of abc news ' 20/20 which will air on friday , may 1 and will catch up with the widow of kyle .   he was automatically handed a life sentence without parole and taya kyle broke down in tears on the stand when she gave evidence .
juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a mexican league match .   zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3 .   tijuana are top of the table with 23 points from 12 games .
headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case .   he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .   newington college in stanmore in sydney 's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations .
newcastle keeper tim krul and jermain defoe are all stars than moore and pele .   the newcastle keeper 's hug with pele in 1970 is on match of the day 2 .   jamie carragher has krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol on saturday when he slid off the pitch after being tackled and slammed his head on the clubhouse wall .   the striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment . but he suffered two seizures and died in hospital .
freddie gray , a black man , suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van .   freddie gray died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore last sunday .   justice department said it had launched an investigation in the 25-year-old 's mysterious death .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season .   he is the championship 's player of the year .   middlesbrough 's bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge .
we are an island race , our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india 's .   many people in the u.s. , russia or china do n't see the sea .   barkham 's book will celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune .
hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .   a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks and cuts bruising .   as we age bruising or cuts wo n't be a stem problem .
the uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california 's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved .   experts last month used an autonomous underwater vehicle called the echo ranger made by boeing to survey the independence .   the veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ` target vessel ' for operation crossroads on july 1 , 1946 .
leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio .   the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry saturday night .   the quarry had been abandoned for years .
juventus have a plan in place to sign psg striker edinson cavani .   cavani played for palermo and napoli in 2013 .   manchester united boss david moyes attempted to sign cavani before he joined psg .
the duchess of cambridge 's uncle hit out at a ` speeding ' cyclist who ran over his dog and ` left him for dead '   kate 's uncle gary goldsmith posted a picture of the alleged culprit on social media .   he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes , was with his wife in regent 's park .   as he went for a cycle ride .
samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year .   its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones .   apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iphones .
wojciech szczesny is treated to a private birthday performance by polish band lemon .   the poland international was joined at his home by family and friends as one of his favourite rock bands ` lemon '   szczesny is on offer at szczesny 's home as part of his birthday bash .   tim sherwood 's aston villa also won the fa cup last year .
greg hardy was suspended from 10 games he appeared to get into trouble when he drove his luxury car through flash floods in dallas .   it took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect his possessions .   last year hardy , 25 , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season .
a video posted on social media site vine by a user known as old row , shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend .   seconds after she beat a police officer in a game of rock paper scissors .   the vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times .
mad men star jon hamm 's secret college bullying shame exposed by court documents from the actor 's time at the university of texas at austin .   hamm , 44 , was charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 initiation .   hamm was allegedly subjected to two hours of brutal physical attacks as part of his baptism into the fraternity .
loved-up couples got engaged via instagram howheasked and instagram account howheasked .   one parisian proposal was captured by the groom 's brother in hawaii .   one in norway was captured in the hiking trail in hawaii .
charles kingham , 86 , and pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years .   they bought their home in mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987 .   it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre .
scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight .   the nine-gram robots can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall .   they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites .
sophie english was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family .   she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc 's reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers .   the last time ms english had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old .
transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport .   the uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , gets on to the same train carriage and gropes her .   one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour .
nathan sellers went on divorce court with lia palmquist and said she slept with the wu-tang clan .   palmquist admitted to partying with the wu , but denied that she did anything sexual with them .   palmquist is no longer alive .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have created a video that features new parents sharing their tips .   called extra storage space , the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with a tear-jerking moment .   viewers can submit their own parenting advice .
evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life .   his parents shannon summerfield and kris adams , 19 , died from meningitis , just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time .   evan was born on november 3 last year and was just four-months-old when he took ill with a high temperature .
manchester city supporters were filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford .   it shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section to keep the two sets of rival fans apart .   the clip , uploaded to youtube , looks to have been taken after sunday 's manchester derby .
phil rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of meth and marijuana at tauranga district court .   the veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges .   with his judge-alone trial due to begin on tuesday , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty .   the case has been adjourned until june 26 when rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction .
paula viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead .   no human waste was discovered , her 13-year-old daughter , tori , said there was an odour to the debris after it landed in the garden .   residents believe the rubbish came from the sky holding tank of a plane .
stoke manager mark hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window .   the stoke manager said he would splash out when the right player was available .   hughes wants to agree a new contract at the britannia stadium .
the audience at the filming of thursday night 's debate in westminster cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration .   just 36 per cent of the audience members with a declared political allegiance were supporters of the tories or ukip .   ukip leader nigel farage said the audience had not been selected by the bbc .
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is now allowed to go out driving on her own .   ` look out dc , ' the first lady said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .   obama said she does get to drive outside white house grounds on monday .
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california .   the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees .   it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with liverpool .   liverpool boss brendan rodgers insists sterling is not for sale this summer at any price .   arsenal are also keen on the england international .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their tour of the us .   wayne rooney and co are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days .   adidas are the new sponsors in a # 750million deal but no buy-out clause in nike deal would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed .
the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico .   the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale .   sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the u.s. endangered species act .
arnold palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 masters at augusta national .   the seven-time major champion has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder .   nicklaus has a record six masters wins , palmer four and player three .
nordic country has passed a law banning bestiality in an attempt to crack down on perverts visiting the country to have sex with animals .   the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals .   but agricultural minister dan jorgensen said it was wrong to prove if the animal had been harmed .
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on streets around new york city .   the women he spoke to all called the practice ` disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ` horrible ' and ` uncomfortable '   the man was doing a segment criticizing catcalling ; the man showed his own tactics for harassing women in public .   the new york man says he would call a dog with the same whistling noises .
thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year .   the 42-year-old mother of three from brandon , mississippi , has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time nfl referee .   thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season .
the dolphin capital of britain is the first english ospreys for 150 years .   dolphins at cardigan bay , wales , britain and ospreys were reintroduced on friday .   they swim in their hundreds of fish and 18 years ago ospreys .
the labour leader was referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends .   one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette .   the bride-to-be 's sister , kathryn braithwaite , posted a picture of nicola and miliband on the campaign bus .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united .   the 50-year-old has been tipped as a replacement for carver should he face the newcastle axe .   derby boss steve mcclaren will take over in the summer .
the man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall .   the man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting : ' i want a car .   the man scaled the grandstand on the start-finish line during the second practice session he then made a bid for the chinese grand prix .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother sandra shemansky , 57 .   the body was discovered at the home they shared in winter garden .   his wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago .
photographer uruma takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents .   during his year-long journey , takezawa found inspiration in who live off the land with the natural world .   cowboys drive herds of cattle over a meadow in pantanal in brazil .
andros townsend was his third for england against italy in the world cup .   the 23-year-old has scored more than andros townsend in the premier league .   aaron lennon , james milner and england have all scored england 's goals .
murdered preacher abdul hadi arwani was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car .   the syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london for some building work .   when the imam arrived , the killer was thought to have used a silencer and it took place away from cctv cameras .
the british singer took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital .   ms knight had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia .   ms knight said she ` could n't stop smiling ' at sheeran 's concert in auckland .
frank lampard 's ` ghost ' goal was against germany in 2010 world cup .   celtic striker leigh griffiths has been linked with goal-line technology .   the 2000 africa cup of nations final two years later in brazil .
labour leader ed miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' while watching pride , a british film released last year .   it 's a battle of britain 's falklands crisis , with young men and women .   out of the british film pride .
dele alli was named football league young player of the year at the football league awards last sunday .   dele alli has impressed for mk dons this season .   the 19-year-old has set his move on the toulon tournament with england under 20s .
hillary clinton could claim that her path to the presidency began some 160 years ago in the little-known welsh parish of ystradyfodwg , if she can pronounce it .   us genealogy expert megan smolenyak says mrs clinton 's roots to a mining family from south wales can be part of rhondda .   the district has been linked to a poor welsh mining family .
leaked footage reveals just how close elon musk 's firm came to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic .   now , leaked footage shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind booster it over .   on tuesday , spacex came with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a gopro camera .
in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia .   the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so symptoms can continue for many years .   the longest stage can last for years .
mazzy , who suffers from spina bifida , was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears earlier this month .   the mom brein bjorson marzano and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .   the plane sang happy birthday .
edward west , 59 , saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun .   just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man 's hands , allowing the teens to escape .   west was arrested and charged with menacing , harassment , assault , and unlawful use of a weapon .
emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia .   as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air .   emus belong to the same family of flightless birds as the ostrich .
capture of jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes who was transferred to mexico city .   three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police .   vehicles were torched and shooting began .
marie surprenant , from atlanta , was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the children 's healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic .   after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant .   the city 's top private schools for the fourth grade .
12 per cent of people questioned thought the child should be named after william 's mother - diana the princess of wales .   brits are hoping for a baby princess this time and favour the name diana . alice and charlotte were next in terms of preference .
jaden smith , 16 , will smith 's son jaden smith - 16 .   kylie jenner , 17 , was pictured in nude-coloured hot pants at coachella this weekend .   jaden smith wore a full bodysuit in the californian desert .
scott sinclair is on loan from manchester city but can be bought for # 2.5 million in the summer .   the 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for villa .   joe cole believes villa can beat arsenal in the fa cup final on may 30 .
antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites in india found on display at honolulu museum of art after a tourist spotted they were sourced from an art dealer facing charges in india .   agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to new york and return them to the government of india .   dealer kapoor , was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india .
in the video , the band grew impatient with the alleged ` lack of respect ' from flight attendants .   the group , who posted the performance video to facebook and youtube , said they composed the tune after ryanair 's review of the sarcastic ditty .   sidonie , a spanish band from catalonia , created a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela in spain .
dmitri kovtun insisted that he was not involved in litvinenko 's death .   former kgb agent has agreed to give evidence at inquiry into death .   he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to britain .
study by academics at lancashire 's edge hill university found anxiety link between anxiety and performance .   pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious .   new survey questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools .
wellington 's iconic and bohemian cuba street shut down wellington 's cuba street at the weekend for the city 's inaugural cubadupa festival .   wellington batucada , a colourful party that shut down streets with late night revellers , was part of the dancing street party in new zealand .   the massive scale festival is the first in its first years .
hilary wilson had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section and ` died ' for 11 minutes .   she had no idea she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to felix just days earlier .   it was only when she saw a picture of felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born .
security researchers have found a way to intercept a person 's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older .   fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the flawed password .   a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors .
beatrice nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited prostitutes operating out of properties .   she is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year .   he faces several charges of ` causing or inciting ' prostitution .
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs .   around # 500 less spent on them in their first year of life .   46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling .
pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva .   the duchess of cambridge will shower nappies from her sister , pippa middleton .   at # 4 each , the nappies are not cheap .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week contract with liverpool .   the 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for # 1.7 million .   liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the close season .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month .   the jamaica athletics administrative association has confirmed he will be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays .   bolt insists he does ` his best to make his country proud '   the competition will be announced on may 2 and 3 .
the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch .   irish trainer robbie hennessy confirms rubi light is a runner in the grand national .   the irish challenge for next week 's shorter topham chase .
li chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in taiwan 's hualien county , when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door .   li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard .   the animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner tang chao , 40 , who called police .
jack grealish won his first premier league start with queens park rangers .   the aston villa midfielder scored a part in christian benteke 's equaliser .   fabian delph and jordan henderson were also in midfield .
christine royles , 24 , of south portland , is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work .   maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him .   the hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized he had far more female subjects than male .   he became inspired to start his second project and salty girls with vitiligo , a defective gene and its protein product cause the body to produce a thick , sticky mucus in the lungs , pancreas and other organs .   the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf
the stray dog was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in washington state .   the dog , theia , survived being run over , beaten with a hammer and buried , and now needs surgery .   the dog appeared to be hit with hammer in a mercy killing .
doris fuller 's daughter natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train in maryland last month .   the mother and daughter pair had shot to fame in 2004 when they collaborated on a parenting guide based on natalie .   fuller has written about how her illness went undiagnosed until her early 20s .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard .   william d. kelley , 50 , has improved from critical to serious condition .   mandi , austin and kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on saturday .
new survey reveals women regret their career choices more than men .   under half 47 per cent surveyed admitted that they have suffered from mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles .   one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to missed opportunity at work .
images show residents from lijin village in dongying city carry explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws .   it is a way for villages to save money on the transportation of gas .   reckless behaviour has been reported on as may 2011 .
the post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate the horizon it system in 2012 .   many were sacked , stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches despite claims that a faulty it system was to blame .   the discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him .   the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car .   colon was charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct .
the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour .   the cosmic show will continue on saturday , so it is still to catch some meteors if they did n't last night .   amateur photographer stephen cheatley also took a photo of the meteor over lindisfarne castle on holy island in northumberland .
master patissier eric lanlard refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell .   he is the largest cruise ship built for the uk market .   britannia 's jack-adorned market café is eric 's .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday .   mamadou sakho tweeted a picture of him with steven gerrard in the post .   sakho played 90 minutes on saturday in the champions league .
lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , suggests one of the vertebrae bones may belong to a baboon .   the skeleton belongs to a species called australopithecus afarensis and is around 40 per cent complete .   when discovered in ethiopia , lucy was made when gary sawyer and mike smith at the american museum of natural history in new york .
robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to la to face murder charges .   durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm .   durst is being held without bail in the mental ward of a state prison .
at least five women got into a brawl at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon .   the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood .   no arrests were made .
dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin .   the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines .   using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered .
kris wardle , who lives in leicester , thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her son mark , acting as best man .   the hgv truck driver would be a widower after his wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark after a row over his cannabis use .   kris and tina wardle fell in love in 2002 and had planned a life together .
change in attitudes could save france up to $ 20 billion a year .   chefs in france have treated takeaway bags with contempt .   mp has put forward 36 proposals including promoting ` doggy bags '   study found 1.3 billion tons of food wasted each year .
manchester city are planning to table a mega-bid for raheem sterling on the day the transfer window reopens .   the liverpool forward has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe .   liverpool value sterling at # 50million this summer .
one-year-old anna and six-year-old indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old .   the dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia .   zane and his partner caitlin ollier , 26 , have owned the dogs .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring .   the 45-year-old beat mayweather at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta .   mayweather is unbeaten in 49 professional contests and is one of the richest athletes in the world .
dimitar berbatov and co convinced monaco can reach champions league semi-final at stade louis ii on wednesday .   monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in turin last week .   berbatov believes the french club will not have lost in italy .
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham on sunday , april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley .   social media campaign has been launched for the match which will be shown live on sky sports .   a website sack ashley.com has been set up by the same supporters behind sack pardew campaign .
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city .   this is the first time the emmy-award winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the suicide of dr. fredric brandt on april 5 at his home in miami .   dr. brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
john barnes and jamie redknapp rap on sky 's series of a league of their own .   barnes played together at liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997 .   the pair teamed up to perform a rendition of the sugarhill gang classic rapper .
bobby robson 's assistant at barcelona and guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou .   jose mourinho and pep guardiola will manage real madrid at the parc des princes stadium on wednesday in the champions league .   laurent blanc was one of the coaches of the last eight in this season 's champions league .
derby manager steve mcclaren has called speculation linking him with the newcastle job as ` disrespectful '   mcclaren is understood to be one of two people on newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at st james ' park next season .   the rams head coach insists his sole focus remains on trying to get derby promoted to the premier league .   mcclaren said there had been interest in him from newcastle .
martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently .   cheryl and ashley were both zayn and perrie , 21 .   the 22-year-old was accused of cheating on his fiance .
a team of experts at brandeis university in massachusetts have long known that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected .   most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived .   sleep is critical in converting short-term memories , into long-term memory .
ronald reagan met mikhail gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in geneva , switzerland in 1985 and asked for his support in the event of an alien invasion .   he suggests his words may show reagan , who was inspired by science fiction movies , saw there could have been a threat from aliens .   the president is believed to have become an avid science fiction fan .
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage .   she will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states .   ginsburg , who has sat on the court since 1993 , has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases .
nyia parler , 41 , wrote on facebook a day after she allegedly left her quadriplegic son alone in woodland with just a blanket and a bible .   just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in maryland .   parler was admitted to a maryland facility on sunday for an ` undisclosed condition ' and faces charges including aggravated assault , reckless endangering and false imprisonment .
pep guardiola 's bayern munich face real madrid in the champions league on saturday .   the final four of european 's premier competition will be a champions league .   bayern munich and real madrid can win champions league titles .
feature exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .   now you can find out with a new tool that downloads a history of every google search you ever made while logged into a google account .   to download your history visit history.google.com and log in with your google account .
from marks and spencer to primark , the high street giant has all .   fashion retailers are all at the beauty act with their own make-up ranges .   claire coleman 's nail polish and lip colour also feature .
javier hernandez will return to manchester united at the end of the season .   the striker scored a late winner against atletico madrid on wednesday .   louis van gaal 's plans will be available for around # 7million .
the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in vaccines .   kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families .   the film purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical used in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children .
the woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage .   she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet .   after she was pulled to safety by police officers , the woman was taken by ambulance to elmhurst hospital for observation .
in the 90s , the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry .   cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley became household names across the world .   they still have a-list status 20 years later .
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive .   ` do n't call me an inspiration . be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote .
ed miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers .   but he wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .   miliband said he would introduce rent controls if it won election .
inter owner erick thohir warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina .   by the end of the first half .   it is a city - but no one has seen a one point in the game .
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe , and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks .   the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .   by day 12 , the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents .
fiorentina qualified for the europa league semi-finals .   mario gomez scored a late goal by juan vargas .   khouma babacar 's goal was shot in the next round .
dapper laughs documented his journey to sydney , via doha and melbourne , in a video posted online .   dapper laughs sprang to fame on video network vine where he joked about how women could n't resist him and despite his jibes being branded ` sexist ' his latest video shows he has n't changed tact .   on the pull was cancelled by itv last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it .
waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of councillor shakil ahmed , was accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the uk earlier this week .   greater manchester police confirmed that six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at manchester airport .   waheed was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on april 14 .
more than 50,000 britons have signed up to a scheme to offer discount starter homes to get on the housing ladder .   the project , launched last month , is part of a extension of the help to buy scheme .   properties would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value .
stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection .   the 25,000 punters officials expected to show the ticket they purchased for the event .   the warwick farm card is unable to go ahead on monday .
former world no 1 tiger woods was joined by his children sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia .   wood 's two young children and longterm girlfriend lindsey vonn .   he recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .
david cameron turned the clock back to ape john major 's election soapbox .   mr cameron promised at the weekend he would ` take to the streets ' to defend tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip .   mr cameron hit back at the bbc for saying he said foxhunting is his favourite sport .
elizabeth ` elle ' edmunds faked online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment .   she was issued a court notice this week for two counts of benefits by deception .   ms edmunds faked having terminal cancer to raise money in 2014 .
joseph getty , 26 , was caught behind the wheel of his range rover .   he pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban .   his conviction came just a day after his relative andrew getty was found dead at his hollywood home .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday .   the fast food giant said it allowed hundreds to take a look behind the scene of the 612 kfc outlets in australia .   health experts say the food they make just is n't all for the food .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
chip shop worker jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in basement of fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her .   ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse '   her partner chris jeffries , 48 , claims she could have been killed in the accident .   ms flynn suffered whiplash and bruising .
tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' when west bromwich albion 's players 's *** themselves defeat to queens park rangers .   in december west brom were two goals up but lost to a charlie austin hat-trick .   qpr striker charlie austin claims a comeback win against west brom .
andy murray says british players should work on their world ranking .   the british no 1 says his colleagues should use the world no 83 .   bedene 's ineligibility for the davis cup team is not an option .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show .   the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show .   model manuela arbelaez ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant andrea .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the sixth fight of all time .   sugar ray leonard v roberto duran , felix trinidad to win the world welterweight title .   the first two of the three fights in 12 fights in the mgm grand garden arena .
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for eight months .   he says his mother is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care .   the ` disgusting ' serving of baked potato and corned beef served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing .
rory mcilroy insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a masters challenge on the masters .   the world no 1 admits thursday 's open victory at hoylake last july after a practice round .   ben hogan , jack nicklaus and tiger woods in winning all four major titles has been building .
erica avery was accused of using the internet set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond .   avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood , florida .   montes and avery accused of punching , kicking and pepper-spraying the girl before holding her down to be raped by woolfork .
three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq .   the children even got to attend a meeting with the director-general andrew parker .   jamie , 13 , and ten-year-old finley were selected after a series of ` difficult ' tests to show they are young spies .
valencia midfielder andre gomes insists he has no intention of leaving the club this summer .   the 21-year-old has been linked with manchester united and chelsea .   he says he wants to stay at the club .
riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes at mcclelland college in melbourne 's south-east .   the year eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day , and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident .   her mother anne parker claims has disadvantaged and excluded her daughter .
arsene wenger admits arsenal 's late charge for the top of the premier league to be powered by hector bellerin and francis coquelin .   bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool at watford on saturday .   the arsenal manager said he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas .
australian government report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola .   many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage -lrb- ccs -rrb- technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions .   technology has potential to reduce emissions of coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent .
river plate are keen to sign former forward radamel falcao .   the colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side .   falcao has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford .
450kg hopur , a uighur celebrity chef , spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual apricot tourism festival last week .   the kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks , yellow mud and salt .   the camel is a local celebrity chef and fourth-generation grill master .
bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on twitter .   it is allegedly his sons burt , brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian will reveal about gender change .   ` they are warning him to slow down too much of his journey on reality tv , ' a source said .
tottenham midfielder christian eriksen has found the net since january .   the lovestruck couple have been together for three years .   spurs now sit seventh in the premier league table .
the unconventional maneuver led to a three-day , unpaid suspension for trooper abraham martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week .   gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license .   gaydos was suspended for three days without pay for the unconventional tactic .
police across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos .   tanzania 's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts .   albino youngsters from across east africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers .
glasgow warriors veteran al kellock will start at lock against cardiff blues at scotstoun on friday night .   glasgow warriors have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club .   both skipper kellock and dougie hall are to retire come the end of may .
former nfl cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar ponzi scheme .   allen and daub paid about $ 20 million to investors but received only around $ 13 million in loan repayments from athletes .   allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012 .
calcium formations on ` altamura man ' , a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 , suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old .   now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .   researchers have extracted the oldest ever dna sample to be taken from a neanderthal .
sir david nicholson has warned of a ` substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the nhs and says it is being ignored by politicians .   sir david said it was crucial that all the main political parties backed the nhs 's five-year plan , which calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 .   david cameron and nick clegg have refused to find the cash .
adele berry was bombarded with texts from one of the firm 's call centre workers .   but she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her .   ms berry was put through to a call centre in south africa .
max has taken refuge at the dogs trust in basildon , essex .   he has been looking after him since he was found .   max is described as gentle , intelligent and big-hearted .
a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives .   liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims .   philippe coutinho paid tribute on instagram on the 26th anniversary of the disaster .
jimmy anderson wants to continue playing test cricket for his 100th test on monday .   anderson says he wants to stay for england by the end of the season .   anderson says the england players are not out of the england side .
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado - suv or ute to have their cars checked out immediately .   spanning just over a year , the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015 .   after five customers reported having ` thermal incidents ' , holden issued 14 notices to recall around nine vehicles .
the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel , the gunslinger series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a ` gunslinger '   three years on , javier bardem and russell crowe are still rumored to be interested in the lead role .   the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for plans to make a movie trilogy .   stephen king has announced sony will appear on the screen .
motaz zaid was with a friend in st marks close in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them .   mr zaid , 20 , was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off .   mr zaid was found dumped on the side of the road with life-threatening injuries .
an air canada flight from germany to toronto was forced to divert to shannon airport last night after an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board .   the pensioner , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing .   mailonline travel have been advised by irish police that the woman has since been released without charge .
police in riot gear arrested 31 people from the ` rowdy , and at at times hostile ' crowd on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .   the university of wisconsin badgers will now face off against duke in the ncaa final on monday - the school 's first since 1941 .   more than 30 drunk and disorderly university of kentucky fans were arrested near the lexington campus saturday night after the previously undefeated team was kicked out of the ncaa tournament .
michelle mone bought the property off-plan in the city 's upmarket park circus area after splitting from husband michael .   she paid # 780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 .   it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than # 1 million .
initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant 's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment .   it took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control .   residents are evacuated from their home in a village close to the fire at the chemical plant .
hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award .   celtic boss ronny deila and john collins will be top scorer .   former hibs star says he has ` knuckled down ' and feels jc .
lewis hamilton was on pole at the bahrain grand prix in bahrain .   hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix .   ferrari rival kimi raikkonen claims he is a man .
last week host john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it .   but in an outburst of arrogance , snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ` fundamental ' price of liberty .   the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details .
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson from 1955 to 1958 .   garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star .   ' i think he had me checked out , ' says garlington .
australian josh kerr plunged head first into the reef at margaret river .   wright scored a perfect ten wave score on day two of the margaret river pro .   josh kerr took home the prize for the ` box ' - a right hand barrel .
elche beat real sociedad 1-0 in la liga on monday .   striker jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season .   barcelona are top of the league on 78 points .
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji .   happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles were the most popular across all regions .   australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .
jamie carragher believes the chelsea captain is the best defender to have ever played in the premier league .   terry , 34 , led jose mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw on sunday .   chelsea now need just six points from five games to claim their first since 2010 .
valencia had been reduced to 10 men for athletic bilbao at san mames stadium .   nicolas otamendi scored twice for espanyol in the first half .   rodrigo de paul scored the only goal of the game .
mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry 's paired exchange program .   she received a kidney because her husband bill gave his kidney to a patient in need .   neyen has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to bill .
lawrence phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in los angeles .   soward was found lifeless on saturday morning in the cell he shared with phillips , 39 , at kern valley state prison .   phillips was once one of the top college football players at nebraska . he played for the st. louis rams , until being released in 1997 for insubordination .
lloyd dennis taught at a primary schools across hampshire before becoming a lecturer at basingstoke college of technology .   the 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child .   lloyd dennis has taught is cadland primary school in hampshire .
chris jordan 's second test century in only his ninth match for gary ballance .   alastair cook will set west indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions .   west indies will be able to win australia 's world record test chase .
coachella , jack white , florence and madonna pay an average of # 187 per day .   england 's glastonbury is the third most expensive with a # 113 per day cost .   price of the world 's largest summer festivals has been sold on july 25 .
jason lee , 38 , a former managing director at goldman sachs , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in east hampton .   lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail .   prosecutors said lee was celebrating his birthday at georgica restaurant and lounge in wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party .
jasper and jasmine will be ` married ' in a charity event in may to raise money for pug rescue and adoption victoria .   both adorable dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a health problems .   both dogs were found struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis .
joshua finbow , 23 , and darren smalley , 35 , were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault .   the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia , allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman .   they were led into dartmouth provincial court on friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies .
jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas against queens park rangers .   chelsea 's cesc fabregas would miss games against arsenal and manchester united .   chelsea boss jose mourinho insists his midfield will play at loftus road on sunday .
john brynarsky 's son chris was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in north carolina .   when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it .   john brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago .   she 's transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the ldn muscle bikini guide .   she 's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on instagram .
brian and joan ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho .   the thief reaches into the pocket of mr ogden , 80 , while her accomplice stands between mr ogden and his wife joan .   cctv footage from the hotel shows mr ogden get the wallet back from one of the thieves .
cole skuse 's first ipswich town goal , in their win against cardiff city in the first half .   freddie sears scored the winner for ipswich with a third goal in the final playoff .   cole skuse was a cardiff target for ipswich .
sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine .   the law student spent # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 .   her addiction to red bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis .
a stormwater man fell down a stormwater drain was rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole .   firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg .   rescue teams were called to meadowbank in sydney 's west about 11pm on wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain .
barcelona beat celta vigo in la liga on sunday .   neymar , dani alves and adriano were all three points .   jeremy mathieu admits his side were poor .
lib dem leader 's wife said mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected above their party for five years ` at great personal cost '   she hit the campaign trail on her own today , as mr clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party .   she is expected to campaign for women candidates in run up to general election on may 7 .   lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone appeared in go ape haldon forest park .
aston villa boss tim sherwood is hoping they can cause a fa cup semi-final shock vs liverpool on sunday .   the 20-year-old has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with jordon ibe .   the 20-year-old is a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria .
eugenie bouchard beat lauren davis 6-3 in the second round at the family circle cup on wednesday .   davis , 21 , had lost her only career meeting with bouchard .   davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match .
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 to tie the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 .   the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .   on thursday at mission hills in the first major championship of the year .
steve harmison has now won seven on the spin with his club side .   former england bowler has led to seven wins on the bounce as ashington manager .   former england team-mate mike ashley has invited harmison to training .
chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's yoshinori muto .   japan international will join chelsea 's vitesse arnhem on loan next season .   muto claims chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million deal they signed with yokohama rubber in february .
phoenix keating , alice mccall , zhivago and khim hangall were tattoos on show at the alice mccall show .   khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses on the catwalk .   punk fashion took to the runway at sydney 's carriageworks .
rare archive photo discovered in hitler ` fan magazine ' from hitler .   fuhrer banned the camp woodland snap and banned it ` beneath one 's dignity '   but fuhrer banned hitler 's camp snap , saying it beneath dignity ' hitler .   but it is not clear whether the portrait was banned from military cap .
millionaire real estate heir robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges .   a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana .   his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles to face a murder charge there .
manchester city under 18s could field a starting xi of players all born in greater manchester for the clash against west london .   jason wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team .   the first leg will take place under lights in the # 200m etihad campus .
bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix .   national protests led to the event cancelled in 2011 .   it 's a top five bahrain grand prix list .
dame helen mirren believes she was in her prime age-wise in ` unfortunate ' 1970s .   she says she was a ` horrible ' time for women .   in an interview with times2 , she says ' i was a unfortunate '   the actress has won the premiere of the woman in gold .
native american actors appearing in the ridiculous 6 , a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler , left the set after they became offended by the script 's jokes about their race and culture .   even the cultural adviser for the movie , filming in new mexico , walked off the set .   it was one of the actors who walked off , navajo nation tribal member loren anthony .
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing six of her children in the garage of her home in pleasant grove .   a judge handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her ` cold and calculated '   huntsman , a meth addict , told police she started killing her children when she got pregnant because she could n't care for them .   her mother , joyce huntsman , is not considered a suspect in their
opening in 2018 , the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year .   london heathrow was the third busiest in the world with over 73 million passengers .   new terminal will focus on wide open spaces .
arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc .   she was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades .   ricci had denied hiding equivalent of more than # 15million .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in saratoga springs , utah .   but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest .   mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs '   mcelroy said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had lost her ` dignity forever ' when news of the scandal first broke .   drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy made a doctorate from harvard law school last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link .   the legal writing professor writes that she was sure
kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat david alderson and left him to drown , before using his keys to steal # 40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns .   kevern , 22 and cooper , 34 - lured him to a disused mine at wheal maid near carharrack in devon and killed him in january last year .   cooper is accused of murdering mr alderson with his cousin trewen kevern .
manchester city defender lucy bronze is the current holder of the women 's pfa players ' player of the year award .   carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club 's hall of fame .   arsenal and england forward aluko has represented england at all levels from under 17 upwards .
rita ora , 24 , unveiled as face of brand 's colourful new collection of eyeliners , lipsticks and nail varnishes .   she 's a singer , actress , fashion designer , one of the world 's top and is only 24 .   rita ora 's festival-inspired lip and nail collection by rita ora .
elena curtin was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 .   oregon law allows for use of physical force against an intruder who wo n't leave a resident 's home .   curtin , 23 , was ` jealous and bitter ' that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his parents .
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was fired on sunday by tranmere , rock bottom of the football league .   malky mackay , fired by wigan this month , was the 17th to go in the second tier .   arsene wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years at arsenal .
manchester united have made de gea # 200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford .   david de gea will move back to spain to join real madrid this summer .   louis van gaal admits that de gea is a free agent for iker casillas .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia stormed the runway at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night .   designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace '   show organisers had ` no respect for the local community '   the australian designer was a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at the ellery show .   the show was interrupted by a security guard .
ukip leader says he would not give up trying to pull britain out of the european union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum .   ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims party would become ` redundant ' as a result .   nigel farage said party could enjoy snp-style surge in support .
marilyn zuniga was suspended for allowing her class to write ` get well soon ' letters to a convicted police killer claims the children wanted to send notes to him .   ms zuniga is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 .   both her pupils and high school students in the philadelphia student union wrote to the killer .
the variety theater in cleveland was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig in 1984 .   the power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be off for good .   the 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted metallica , the dead kennedy 's and r.e.m. .
retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye .   eileen had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the royal sussex county hospital in brighton .   several hospital rooms were found to have traces of the bacteria in the shower drain .
taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november .   the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults .   ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons . i go to school every day , and i get my life became too difficult , ' she said .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .   robin van persie rescued a draw with an injury time in the game .   louis van gaal 's side have won four on the spin .
marouane fellaini is expected to start against manchester city on sunday .   manchester united manager louis van gaal has been substituted in a 3-0 united defeat against aston villa .   fellaini has scored three goals in a row and are in third place .
real madrid boss carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid ahead of tuesday 's clash against sevilla .   sergio ramos scored real out of the champions league final last season .   real madrid are unbeaten in six madrid derbies this term .
qingqing qingqing is just ten weeks old .   her parents left her by herself while they worked in fields .   she and husband fed their daughter went to work near their house in china .
ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes .   herrera , 25 , took part in one of manchester united foundation 's dream days on monday .   herrera was known for ability to score goals from midfield .
kimi raikkonen has been urged to prove himself if he wants to stay at ferrari .   raikkonen 's contract finishes at the end of the current formula one season .   raikkonen has never been happier working with a team in his f1 career .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged the teenager into his house and abused her .   three years later police admitted ` unacceptable delays and failures ' allowed rapist to live as a free man just streets he attacked .   she was jailed for five years after the attack because of a bungled police investigation .
jeremy hunt said a future conservative government would look into the findings ` in detail '   patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures .   professor sir brian jarman called for an independent review of top nhs pay .   health secretary jeremy hunt says labour will ask labour health .
the fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january , but still does n't have a stable supply of the meat .   mcdonald 's pledged to stop using chickens treated with antibiotics at its stores in the next two years .   fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning .   while dixon was renting the condo in the last four years , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management .   as the mother of three sons and daughters 's decatur schools - on tuesday , she said her children are homeless .
a russian-ukrainian film about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations .   ` battle for sevastopol ' in russia but ` indestructible ' across the border in ukraine , the movie , launched last week with gala premieres in both moscow and kiev .   the film is about ukrainian-born sniper lyudmila pavlichenko .
dame barbara hakin , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets .   it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if original investigation went ` far enough ' in respect of patient safety .   gmc is concerned that there ` may have been a material flaw ' in the decision .
buenos aires thief sofia davila , 21 , posted raunchy pictures or herself online .   she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious .   she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies .
austrian designers maya pindeus and johanna pichlbauer have created a robot that takes out of applying make-up .   the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush and an attachment smears on lips .   women were filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students ' art project .
currently second in the championship , the easter road club stand to make # 1million from anticipated gates against rangers .   play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days .   hibs chairman rod petrie has support from hearts and motherwell for a resolution .
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york .   the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart , 31 , and her husband joseph naaman , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly .   felix 's crate was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the etihad airways flight .
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire .   the juventus captain said it would be a waste to quit now when he feels he is still in top form .   italy international scored a 1-0 win in the first leg of the quarter-final .
on a day when a new poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy , the leading democratic party candidate for president has a mess to clean up .   part of it will involve the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments .   hillary clinton was helping approve russia 's purchase of us uranium production as her foundation .
bayern munich take on porto on wednesday in champions league quarter finals .   pep guardiola 's side have won champions league quarter-final first leg against porto .   franck ribery and arjen robben are also injured in the premier league .
calum chambers has signed from southampton last july for # 16million .   the arsenal defender has already made 36 appearances for arsenal .   wenger said he will play at centre back in the premier league .
canadian prostitute celine bisette claims she wishes other people would n't make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry .   she claims that she did n't have an abusive childhood , and she 's not a ` hyper-sexual nympho '   celine bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' - that .   ' i am embarrassed to be a sex worker , and i 've made exceptional progress in my career , ' she said .
bristol city will become first football league club to win promotion this season .   aaron wilbraham 's equaliser after jermaine beckford scored just before the hour .   bristol city manager steve cotterill will avoid defeat against preston on saturday .
andre ayew is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs .   the 25-year-old scored for ghana against germany and usa in last summer 's world cup .   ayew is keen on a move to the premier league .
st mirren hit out at the state of pitches in scotland .   ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance against st mirren on friday night .   celtic lost eight points clear of aberdeen .
alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director .   stewart 's fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .   england head coach peter moores would report to the cricket director .
paul nuttall , ukip 's education spokesman , appeared in the party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` british rebels and reformers '   ukip 's deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph to make him look more educated - in front of a photoshopped library clutching a picture book .   the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 .   mep joked that photoshop allegations were not true .
scientists suggest that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities .   the uk is one of the least religious places in the world .   in a global ranking of 65 countries , the uk came sixth from last .
sir nick faldo will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course .   watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july .   faldo and faldo will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship .
leila alavi had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband mokthar hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil .   ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at auburn shopping village in sydney 's west .   ms alavi had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women 's shelters .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park .   bosch joined saracens from biarritz in 2013 .   marcelo bosch was the hero of saracens ' european champions cup quarter-final win .
nearly 1000 bags of the drug kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat .   police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis .   man and woman were arrested and taken to katherine watch house .
` chef q ' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $ 321.43 .   floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of welterweight limit .   mayweather 's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was saved by two off-duty police officers when she had a heart attack in basildon , essex .   doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped .   but two officers , believed to be from the met police , rushed to her side and gave hollie life-saving cpr until an ambulance arrived .
cameron hooker kept a young hitchhiker as a sex slave for seven years .   he was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan .   she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during her captivity .
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang .   the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - far higher than the initial estimate of $ 3.5 bn -lrb- # 2.33 bn -rrb- .   nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch .
winning punter discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening .   comes from mittagong in southern new south wales .   two entries won the first division share of oz lotto 's $ 40 million jackpot draw on tuesday .
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone .   she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her .   she has slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12 .
ben morgan is on course to play a part during england 's world cup dream .   the gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens in early january .   morgan last featured for england at the world cup .
the attraction , which features a ball pit , slide and climbing area , can be accessed via the doll 's right foot .   ba di doll has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china 's nanjing city .   cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex .
amanda richards hit out at lane bryant 's recent i 'm no angel lingerie campaign .   clothing store shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand 's lingerie .   women of different sizes being portrayed as sexy .
football association will wait for referee andre marriner 's report on sunday .   chelsea midfielder nemanja matic hit on the head by a lighter thrown .   loic remy should be available for next weekend 's home game .
lewis hamilton led home mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in shanghai .   hamilton was absolved of any blame by both wolff and niki lauda .   rosberg bemoaned hamilton 's ` selfish ' tactics after one-two finish .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was ` ugly '   the picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on april 11 .   carter , who suffers from a congenital heart defect , to view his surgery scars as beautiful marks of bravery by a photo of the boy 's chest to his facebook account .   mark has received 1.5 million since it
ian merrett , 28 , is astonished that poppy smart , 23 , did not take it as a compliment .   he says has helped him ` snog loads of girls ' in the past .   miss smart filmed them and asked west mercia police to investigate alleged sexual harassment .
kuku kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers .   scores lower than 11 are poor , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average .   the differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time .
qasr al-farid or ` the lonely castle ' is the largest of 131 monumental tombs in the city of mada'in saleh .   the tomb in madain saleh is located in the northwestern region of the arabian peninsula .   it is located on one of the major trading sites which linked saudi arabia 's first world heritage site in 2008 .
jackson county jury found susan monica guilty of murdering two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to the animals at her farm .   prosecutors said stephen delicino , 59 , was killed in 2012 and robert haney died in 2013 .   she admitted to shooting haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013 .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   the observation deck measures 27 metres from the edge of the cliff and 718 metres above the river in the basin below .   it is five metres longer than the skywalk at the grand canyon .
australia 's johanna johnson show the last bottle of champagne drunk on thursday night .   the heels have been taken at the week in sydney .   skin is face bling - akira and michael lo sordo .
the claim was made by the commander of russian space command .   oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk .   but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia 's executions of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan .   it comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - had his case pushed forward by six months .   chinese prosecutors are reportedly seeking the death penalty against jockey anthony roger bannister , 43 , from adelaide , who was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3kg of methamphetamine from guangzhou to australia .
vietnamese binh wagner , 3 , and her twin phuoc were left with impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome .   when phuoc needed a donor just a little more , their adopted father chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match .   binh and phuoc wagner of kingston , ontario were adopted by michael and johanne wagner around a year and a half ago from vietnam .
duke and duchess of cambridge moved back to kensington palace to prepare for birth of new baby , mailonline can reveal today .   the couple , who is a trainee pilot with east anglia air ambulance in norfolk , had been expected to take two weeks ' statutory paternity leave after the birth .   william will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave .
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back .   her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine .   her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis .
the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler 's cabin and success .   ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland .   trainer paul webber was on sunday .
clarke carlisle says he has ` moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years , gemma .   mr carlisle tried to kill himself in december , two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving .   incident has left ex-burnley defender with scars all over his body .
darren bent opened the scoring for watford against the 10 men of watford .   the final act was the first victory in seven championship games .   adlene guedioura scored with 15 minutes to go to his watford team-mate lee grant in watford 's box .   ighalo is joined by team-mate troy deeney .
demetri nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home .   two children were at the home with the victim at the time of the robbery .   nelson was unable to operate a manual stick shift in the victim 's car .
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for the spanish side .   the 22-year-old is on loan at swansea but is out of contract in june .   besiktas and dinamo moscow are also interested in bakary sako .
pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids .   pumpkin seed oil helps promote normal cell structure and retains moisture .   zinc and vitamin e from the pumpkin seed can also improve the skin 's healing process .
the incident took place on april 1 at high speed in santa monica , los angeles .   the skater 's friends tried to wear a helmet and rolls over times .   the skater was only one injured .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing .   the clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal .   the piglet have all been born with all four legs .
leanna norris , 25 , plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket .   the body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 .   norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , the father of her child , dating other women .
ben gibson entered the record books in 2011 when he lined up against durham university just 27 days after his 15th birthday .   the 19-year-old said it was a ` difficult decision ' to retire from cricket at a young age .   in his last game he did not bat or keep wicket .
only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives .   only 25 per cent of voters believe it 's important to get to know families .   david cameron and nick clegg have made their wives more prominent .
alice kovach-suehn , 56 , from apopka , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs .   kovach-suehn told officers he was being starved and never allowed to move his hands and his knees were locked together .   kovach-suehn was arrested after she brought half-starved man in care to florida hospital .
andrea catherwood is the unesco world heritage list for barcelona .   the hotel arts is a great city on a beach party .   barcelona is the best city break in the world .
the scent of marsha yumi perry , 36 , was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog on friday , who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in .   police said the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows , and he was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in vancouver .   perry was taken into custody on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant .
dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup .   the # 30million three-year deal would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the emirates fa cup .   arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in 2004 .
business leaders have voiced fears over the ` disastrous tory campaign '   they believe cameron 's advisers have done little to discredit ed miliband .   business leaders said they have called on campaigners to change tack today .   it comes weeks after more than 100 of britain 's top business leaders .
after next month 's election ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15 , so businesses can plan holiday rotas in advance .   in 1928 , the easter act was passed in parliament to make that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april .   both the house of commons and house of lords passed the act but it was unable to get agreement of churches .
jules bianchi , 25 , crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 .   the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable .   ` every day , jules is running a marathon . all of his organs are working without assistance , but we hope for a new evolution , ' philippe bianchi said .
a south african writer has claimed australia is more racist than her homeland - segregation by skin colour used to be law .   sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months .   she has spent years writing about human rights and race relations in south africa .
hormone therapy increases a woman 's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment .   women 's health initiative in us and the million women study strong evidence that hrt increases effects of breast , womb and ovarian cancers .   researchers found if women use hrt for more than 10 years , their risks are even higher .
chris ramsey was appointed permanent manager in february but four points from games against aston villa and west brom .   the former tottenham coach believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road .   west ham 's sam allardyce and eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey 's job in the summer .
freddie gray died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ` secret ' until today .   gray , who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a university of maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death .   six officers have been suspended , but investigators say they still do n't know how it happened .
mei ru , 50 , and her husband ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in fujian province , south east china .   mr song was rushed to hospital but he died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding .   song was going shopping in the chinese city of fuzhou when his wife climbed out of their car .
the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments .   the west australian was told junior doctors were moved to ` maximise training opportunities ' by a state committee .   the hospital went on ` baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago .
residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover an easter egg on every doorstep .   the easter bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people .   tracey residents said it was a wonderful act of random kindness .
kunaratnam kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at medway magistrates ' court .   he was fined # 14,500 and ordered to pay # 2,793 in costs .   he admitted two health and safety charges .
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody .   he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .   the toddler 's easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , of mount olive , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school .   the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper ` communication ' and ` fraternization ' with two other 18-year-old male students .   if she may have to undergo random urine testing , all charges against mcdonough would be dropped and her criminal record would be expunged .
anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge .   court case likely to cost # 150,000 , st john 's college and a retired architect have been locked in a battle over an hedgerow hedgerow between their properties in warwickshire .   anthony bethell would pay to restore ancient hedge , which marks land between his home and the college 's land .
fife council workers looked at mikaeel kular 's confidential files after he was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya , who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase .   she then told police the boy had wandered off and was jailed for 11 years in august last year .   it has been revealed at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action .
the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .   black cat rademenes helps to nurse sick cats and dogs back to health at a polish animal shelter .   veterinarian lucyna kuziel-zawalich adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital .
the gold irish freedom box was presented to lord uxbridge for losing his leg at the battle of waterloo has sold for more than # 100,000 .   his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as lord lieutenant of ireland .   the gold trinket box was given to the aristocrat who was by then marquess of anglesey in 1828 by trinity college dublin .
new york city captain david villa scored his first goal for new york red bulls on april 11 .   frank lampard is currently two points behind city rivals the premier league season .   villa will have his side to third place in the eastern conference .
the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru .   it was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen off the gulf of mexico .   the young male is the second of its species ever seen .
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch .   footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen .   the video was watched more than 100,000 times .
the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit .   frances and jeremy , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years .   frances has previously apologised with the 54-year-old broadcaster .
gordon robson , 26 , hit father john potts , 45 , with a single punch to the back of the head that was so hard it made an ` audible crack ' before he fell down dead .   robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather 's funeral with a friend of mr potts .   mr potts could not be saved .
nicola sturgeon warned ed miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the tories out of power .   polls suggest a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority on may 7 .   snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian defence force .   he will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises .   the prince will also time with indigenous norforce soldiers in the northern territory and the army 's sydney-based 6th aviation regiment .
jay liptrot , 43 , owned a flat in which five members of the same family were murdered in an arson attack .   his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , miss shiers 's nephew bailey , four , and niece skye , two , were trapped .   melanie smith , 45 , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family .
luca railton , 11 , was told he would never walk - but has taken his first steps unaided .   doctors said the condition affects just one in three million people meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight .   luca was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia .
che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne 's international comedy festival .   waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users .   aly admitted ` we stuffed up ' later on during the channel ten show the project .
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds .   the bird is one of a number of species that would n't be out on a video game .   the curl-crested onca pintada pintada pintada breeding centre is an exotic bird in brazil .
ashley james models the bold collection in a new set of images .   the # 38 jessica comes in a range of sizes from a 28d right through to a 38hh .   the bra is even more cleavage from d-hh cup .
nathan brown , 19 , fell off a ladder after being electrocuted while testing lights .   he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries .   nathan was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane .
valerie rutty , of warrington , cheshire , stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes .   the 60-year-old stole almost # 3,500 from the fund at irlam primary school in greater manchester .   rutty wrote nine separate cheques into a bank account she had commissioned - then paid the difference between her own bank account by cheque from the school fund .
aberash bekele , 32 , was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage . she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors .   miss bekele believes the film will ` make a change ' in the film .
kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points .   san antonio spurs rolled past golden state 107-92 on sunday .   tim duncan had 19 points and set a new career-high with seven steals .
stéphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ` ridiculous demagogues ' for doing so .   in the short book he said : ` you can laugh at everything if not discrimination '   the book is being used by activists and activists .   the editor of charlie hebdo said the drawings were attention-seekers .
anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` obby ` oss celebrations '   the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 .   mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children ethan , 11 , piran , 5 , sophia , 8 , and four month old baby faith to the event .   the annual may 1 celebration is a centuries ' old tradition
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder .   knight is accused of murdering terry carter , 55 , and trying to murder sloan , but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt .   suge is being held on a $ 25million bail .
brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager at the end of this season .   the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton and spoke with bees owner matthew benham .   current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month .
a clutch of sausages stuffed with poisons were found on the cuckoo trail , a path running from hampden park to heathfield near hailsham .   the grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove , and dog owners are now being warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals .   photos of the cocktail sausages were posted on the doggy style pet service page .
the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california by a score of 4 - 3 for the win .   usc women 's team won the pac-12 championship on thursday .   both teams will compete in the pac-12 championships next thursday .
elizabeth dawes was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 .   doctors advised the 39-year-old that she needed immediate surgery .   but four days later , ms dawes told she would need a further procedure to correct ` deformities ' to her breasts caused by the first operation .
the man , wearing an orange high-vis jacket , could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 .   he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle .   police are investigating and believed to have gone on for five minutes as the man pulled off the ` stunt ' just yards from lorries .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in the el clasico .   lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez scored for barcelona .   jeremy mathieu and gerard pique scored for the french centre-back .
tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando .   he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry .   investigators say the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track .
ethel rider , 87 , fell from her bed at the half acre care home in radcliffe .   she was left ` cowering ' in pain after falling out of bed .   carers failed to seek medical help and lifted her back into bed .   but mrs rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened .
tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side on saturday .   tottenham defender vlad chiriches scored the winning goal in the 78th minute .   christian benteke equalised for villa in the 16th minute .
radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan .   the manchester united striker has n't impressed this season .   france 's ligue 1 is not premier league or la liga .
newcastle face liverpool in premier league on monday night .   john carver says his players have a point to prove they face liverpool .   newcastle are currently in a row and fall into relegation danger .
charles darwin argued that animals can express emotions with their face and body , like humans do .   researchers have found that rats can recognise pain the faces of their fellow rodents .   they may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help .
dangelo connor , from brooklyn , new york , filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend 's apartment .   he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet while he was still holding it .   users have branded the video being viewed more than 17million times .
gul ahmad saeed , 25 , is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday .   their deaths came just months after he is suspected of killing his own parents , brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match .   saeed has been on the run ever since , but returned to his home town in pakistan at the weekend .
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up .   sherwood is without alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair .   sherwood faces his friend and tottenham assistant .
thiago silva believes he will face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final this week .   the spanish league leaders have a front three of lionel messi , luis suarez and neymar .   silva says luis suarez are the best three players in the world .
marie muldoon won this years with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse titled true love .   the winner of the ` nt landscape ' category was won by anna weir for her amazing photograph of farm land called no. 11 ammaroo .   the photography competition was designed to showcase the best the bush has to offer .
chlorine gas was used for the first time on april 22 , 1915 .   some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack .   chlorine gas ate away at eyes , throat and lungs .
two more games and jose mourinho will have a third title in five matches at the premier league .   chelsea beat manchester united outfit david de gea and paddy mcnair to open the scoring .   eden hazard 's 13th premier league goal was in the second half .
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 .   the mission would last approximately 30 months , with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit .   nasa could afford a crewed to mars orbit by 2033 and onto the red planet 's surface by 2039 .
the celebrity former boxing promoter is one of the party 's most famous candidates .   she warned supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power .   but she warned how other candidates have given the party a bad image .
manchester united striker wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby .   sir alex ferguson 's side won the race for the premier league back in 2011 .   craig bellamy scored twice as manchester united beat manchester city .
live yellowtail jack fish , native to japan , will be delivered to the oregon coast aquarium .   five million tons of wreckage were swallowed by the ocean when the tsunami struck four years ago .   around 70 percent of it is believed to have sunk near the japanese coast .
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , gave up clothes for lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life .   along with her business partner rosemary pringle , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for london 's air ambulance .   charlotte , co-founder of fitness company rabble , owes charity her life after a crash in november 2010 left her with punctured lungs , 12 fractured vertebrae , broken ribs and a broken collarbone .
children living in pakistan 's slums forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas .   but there is some facilities in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities .   pakistani christian children fled in a slum area on islamabad and rawalpindi .
eden hazard and harry kane appear set to contest pfa player of the year award .   the 21-year-old has 29 goals in all competitions at the top of the premier league .   alexis sanchez has scored 19 premier league goals this season .
kola across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october .   researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments .   they determined the fireball 's path by studying its flight and the meteorite 's final impact site .
marlon samuels says the england players ` do n't learn ' as he found verbal alternations .   ben stokes is spoken to by umpire steve davis after a heated exchange with samuels .   stokes was taunted by samuels after the match .
video captured by william bird while out with stepson alex shows the # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland .   the first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370 mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines , while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways .   the video was taken on the same day that typhoons were deployed by the royal air force as two russian bear bombers .
jason edward harrington , who worked with the government agency for six years , claims screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they do not like .   his comments follow two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .   he said the case was disturbing but admitted it came as no surprise .
serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward but city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis .   inter milan have opened talks with manchester city about a deal for forward stevan jovetic .   inter milan boss roberto mancini is hoping to raid his former manchester city this summer .
jenny wallenda 's nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness .   wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .   she died late saturday at age 87 .
a fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani .   a jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with mr arwani 's murder .   the father of six was found dead in his car on a london street in wembley two weeks ago .
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united , chelsea and manchester city this summer .   borussia dortmund 's marco reus is one star .   bale signed his record # 86m deal to join real madrid from tottenham .   carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club .
labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the number of poor students .   labour leader was challenged over whether this called into question judgment of him and his team .   mr miliband said : ' i do n't think that 's a judgment ' people are going to make at the election .
a patient at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , is being tested for suspected rabies .   the patient is currently being treated in a northern ireland hospital .   the results of the ` complex ' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
yaphet kotto starred as dr kananga in 1973 bond installment live and let die , said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed on the big screen .   his comments come in response to months of speculation black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig 's successor .   last month veteran bond actor roger moore was condemned for his claim that elba could not be the next james bond actor .
nina moric , 38 , posted photos of heavy bruising on her instagram account .   italian media reported that ms moric tried to take her own life .   ms moric told her fans that she was recovering at home after being treated in hospital on saturday night .
ukranian photographer , vadym shevchenko , 34 , was caught on camera at kiev zoo .   the poor fella was unable to get up to the back of a female 's shell .   shell we had to lose its balance on its back in the mud .
javier hernandez has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants .   the mexico international is on a season-long loan from old trafford .   carlo ancelotti is willing to make a final decision on hernandez .
an 11-year-old retired k-9 officer took his last ride in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health .   the german shepherd , who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer , began around 4.45 pm and ended at the ridgefield veterinary hospital .   zeus was honored in a squad car in a farewell held by fellow officers and residents celebrating his time on the force .
michael jacobs ' ninth-minute seasiders beat bolton ' neighbours wigan on april 26 .   eidur gudjohnsen scored the first away victory in 343 days in a 1-1 draw .   blackpool boss lee clark was on the final day of last season .
labour 's plans to impose rent controls are ` economically illiterate '   ed miliband said rent controls would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters .   generation rent campaign group said plans were ` riddled with loopholes '   landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent .   but experts warn they will backfire .
the fight will be streamed live across the world .   floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight on may 2 in las vegas on tuesday night .   the american has an open workout for the fight here from 12am uk .
carphone warehouse 's mobile network launches in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries including the us , australia and across europe .   when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 .   the firm 's boss said the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets .
frank lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city on loan this season .   liverpool captain steven gerrard will join parent club new york city in july after signing a two-year deal with the mls side .   lampard will join la galaxy in the summer .
simona trasca , 34 , said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it .   plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued her .   ms trasca had made the remark as part of a joke about her boob job .
manny pacquiao sang an excerpt of the song , penned and recorded by pacquiao to be his walk-out for the richest fight of all time against floyd mayweather .   on his show jimmy kimmel live floyd mayweather and us talk show host jimmel kimmel sa filipino for his song .   kimmel is on his live show next week .
hardy , who signed with the dallas cowboys last month , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season .   hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge in charlotte , north carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend nicki holder .   hardy was dropped by his previous team , the carolina panthers .
police located a body at cocoparra national park , in nsw on friday night .   they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years .   ms scott 's sister kim scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on saturday to ` wear yellow ' in memory of stephanie .
steven allison , 37 , formerly of idle near bradford , west yorkshire , had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life down under .   he was unaware the net was closing in as british police teamed up with colleagues in australia and interpol to locate allison .   allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women .
greek-born pryce has written a book about life in women 's prisons .   her advice to women would be to ` be as independent as you can ' , she says .   economist vicky pryce admits she never baked cakes for her children .
australian tv presenter , model and mother of two sophie falkiner says she 's been trending for ten years .   kardashian swear by corset-like waist trainers for slimming their waist .   her sister , a nurse in singapore , also noticed girdles were trending for a work assignment years ago .
isis entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the syrian side between rebels and government forces .   the militants , who already control large territory in northern syria , reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the nusra front .   the palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years .
kieran lee scores the first goal for the home side .   kieran lee equalised for sheffield wednesday with a 1-0 victory .   sheffield wednesday 's sheffield play-off hopefuls brentford win brentford .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of .   she also revealed his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated .   ms sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season .   the chelsea forward is now on 17 goals for the season at queens park rangers .   jose mourinho 's side have not won a 1-0 win over david de gea .
hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to u.s. rep mike doyle 's office on wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down .   the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed .   the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday .   footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane .   she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere .
everton defender leighton baines is a big music lover .   england international is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys .   baines also reveals mark ronson and bruno mars ' uptown funk is also played in the toffees ' dressing room .
dawn , who has seven miscarriages , was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her .   when one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , burst into tears and stormed off .   jamie had sent a message to dawn during the journey to london in which he declared his undying love .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the robbery took place at 12.30 pm at a lloyds bank branch in cardiff .   detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing .   detectives said no one was injured during the robbery .
the family rift in france 's national front came after he infuriated his daughter marine , with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks last week .   mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust was ` a detail of history ' and had also praised france 's wartime leader marshal petain to replace him in the regional elections .   now party founder le pen has said he will not stand in .
the harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997 .   by scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection , researchers discovered ` arousing words ' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion .   these properties are normally used for words in isolation , which can be categorised as negative , neutral , and positive .
manchester united beat chelsea 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday .   louis van gaal 's side are ten points ahead of arsenal with six to play .   van gaal and eden hazard are sent for chelsea .
manchester city striker marco reus has been in good form this season .   the new puma evospeed 1.3 graphic took inspiration from the dragon .   sergio aguero and marco reus were linked with a move to dortmund .
jack wilshere and ryan bertrand turned out for the bt sport industry awards in battersea on thursday .   the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment .   mccoy was handed his award by gunners legend henry .
john howard , 66 , from canterbury , had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago .   father-of-three had sole access to non-profit organisation 's account and spent # 300 meals a month .   he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague .
nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have subsurface oceans .   it followed claims by dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years .   nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet on deansgate , manchester .   staff accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it .   restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed ms dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette .
pan american world airways declared bankruptcy and ceased operations in 1991 .   many of the adverts featured beautiful women in new coffee table book , peggy olsons and other ` mad men '   adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day .   twa and canadian pacific .
sean maitland has undergone surgery on his shoulder .   the london irish-bound star will miss the rest of the season .   head coach gregor townsend said he suffered a setback and has played his last game for the club .
baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes .   around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year have to cite one of five reasons : adultery ; desertion for two or more years , two years '   lady hale , 70 , wants couples to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour '   critics say divorce laws in england should remove the need for allegations of adultery and blame , britain 's most senior female judge has said .   couples
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander wore a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back .   in january , former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay tweeted a photo to his more than 40,000 twitter followers of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player 's name .   the pitcher posted the selfie to his 150,000 instagram followers .
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 and transported to dunkirk to help with the evacuation of allied troops in the face of the nazi advance .   after carrying 600 soldiers back to britain the boat returned to london where it helped to save st paul 's cathedral and other buildings damaged in the blitz .   the boat went out of service in 1971 , and four decades was used as a walkway in a london dock .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from salt lake city , has already racked up a 44.1 k followers on instagram .   albert is named after his famous physician albert einstein , due to his wild locks and a trademark of his breed .   albert , who was also known after his lookalike , albert einstein .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney 's west hours after 2pm , when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene .   it is believed the incident took place shortly after wigram street in harris park was closed as the search for the gunman .   no one was injured in the incident .
flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30 pm on easter monday .   but some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .   passengers bound for london from las vegas delayed by over 33 hours .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be georgina bagnall-oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in november last year over sale of the home in bayswater , west london .   the 56-year-old , from croydon , could not speak english and took her daughter-in-law monika brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate .   she was given a community order and made to pay costs after they too admitted a fraud charge .
russian president vladimir putin has claimed intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia .   he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services .   putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush , who promised to ` kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question .
the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official , lynch , was approved by a 56-43 vote .   he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote .   lynch is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday .
tanya heath paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place , and can be released at the push of a button .   every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe .   the heel can be slid into the shoe .
the home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it .   the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up .   janner could face 22 charges but his health is too poor to put him on trial .
fa chairman greg dyke has increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 to 12 .   arsenal manager arsene wenger in one of his idea to bein sports .   wenger is a free market for wenger 's defensive record .
wasps ' director dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage .   his team lost their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday .   toulon 's delon armitage is the world 's best players .
benefits cheat ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around .   the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts .   football coach also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace .
the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy .   ` harvey nichols : here 's rest of your fur coat , ' the slogan ashley james has an image of the 26-year-old animal lover , who is a fake one we are .   peta has joined harvey nichols peta on the campaign .
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am .   they managed to corner it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart .   it is not known whether it was the same coyote that was spotted in manhattan 's riverside park on wednesday .
sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ` florida '   mrs martin was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 .   mrs martin , 37 , has three children - with her husband dean .   mrs martin 's family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday .
smoke billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane crashed in flames at old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk .   the man in his 50s died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show .   mr jenkins was named british advanced champion in 2012 and 2013 .
manchester city beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday night .   tammy abraham and dominic solanke are top scorer in the premier league at stamford bridge .   jose mourinho 's side will take a 3-1 lead into the second leg .
a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has now come to the rescue .   ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month . blame valentine 's day '   nike 's ` do it slogan was inspired by the last words of gary gilmore , a convicted murderer executed by firing squad in 1977 .
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train .   his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police .   isabelle also stole $ 2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food , air jordan track suits and his graduation fees .
edinson cavani visited barcelona with a day out at the zoo .   former napoli forward has 18 goals for ligue 1 this season .   louis van gaal wants to stay at paris club after # 55million signing .
the 29-year-old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome -lrb- ais -rrb- , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body .   pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class .   she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match .
the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes , a study found .   they found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more to be convicted of such crimes .   the biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line .
philip lyle hansen , 56 , is accused of removing women 's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked ` gummy ladies ' claims he was just trying to ` help ' them .   the new zealander has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 .   crown prosecutor sally carter said she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ` afraid ' to say anything .
amanda bailey published the details of john key 's behaviour while she was working at a cafe in auckland , as she ` expected more from him ' and wanted ` the public to be aware '   mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .   the 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by prime minister john key while working in the cafe on wednesday .   the 26-year-old took to an online blog asking how mr key pulled her hair in
czech republic reached fourth fed cup final in five years .   petra kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia 6-4 , 6-4 for an 3-0 lead .   petra kvitova won the first reverse singles .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday .   wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff .   ayotte also has an elected seat on the manchester school board .
ian joll was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach , but survived the incident to make it home to gravesend .   when mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she must have seen a ghost .   ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram saying her son , squadron leader joll , was ` missing believed killed '   sq ldr joll had survived the crash and after his plane was hit by ground fire on may 10 .
susan farmer , 37 , from eddy , texas , was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight by concerned doctors .   while the 37 year old was determined to shed the weight , her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods .   at her heaviest , susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time .
surveillance footage shows todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana .   phillips of franklin , wisconsin , only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches .   phillips ' helmet helped protect him from head injury as he was slammed against the pit wall .
the picture appeared in the opening on the right - the tv is now being sold at an auction .   it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system .   the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube .
j.b. silverthorn got charged with a dui moments after being convicted for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the niagara river on december 29 .   he was stranded three-feet deep in moving water and rescued by firefighters . he 's due back in court monday for a felony hearing .
bowe bergdahl , the u.s. army sergeant who left his post in afghanistan and was held by the taliban for five years was found to have be ` going over to the other side with a deliberate plan '   bowe col. anthony shaffer said on fox news ' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl ` had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban '   the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009
anti-racism protester jacob king had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at federation square .   mr king was raised in melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions .   mr king had a face off with a neo-nazi at the easter weekend 's reclaim australia .
britain 's biggest banks earmarked billions of pounds for ` remediation costs ' and fines over the last three years .   the bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal , with banks setting aside # 4.7 billion last year to compensate customers .   another # 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines .
ronny deila will take his celtic side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi-final on sunday .   deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong .   deila says teams should have more of a say on kick-off times .
18-time olympic champion is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio .   he had already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the rio de janeiro olympics .   phelps said he wo n't be swimming at the world meet in russia in august .
swansea 's jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador 's 1-0 defeat by mexico in a los angeles friendly on saturday .   swansea will make a late check on jefferson montero before hull 's premier league visit to the liberty stadium on saturday .   gaston ramirez is suspended while nikica jelavic and robert snodgrass remain sidelined .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league final on june 6 .   juventus 's andrea pirlo and carlos tevez scored in the first leg against monaco since 2003 .   real madrid will face juventus in the semi-final of european competition .
nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in malaysia .   she was out shopping with her mother and sister at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia .   nurhayada is expected to be buried in her father 's hometown in muar .
emma hannigan has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years .   she carried the faulty brca1 gene which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 50 per cent .   she opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year to reduce her risk .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall .   her husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent .   he was remanded in custody before his trial on june 8 .
martin alvarado jr. , 23 , appeared in court on monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o'reilly and has been ordered to be held without bail .   he was watching edwin at their home when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change .   alvarado allegedly confessed to the assault on videotape .
luis suarez scored the two goals at the etihad in the last 16 .   he has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games , six from six in the champions league .   lionel messi and lionel messi are on 91 for the season .
robbie knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars .   knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away .   knievel invoked his rights to an attorney but did n't give officers a name .
the 20-year-old woman was driving down a colorado interstate , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck .   she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck .   miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels .   hours before the woman was shot , a man 's rear window was shattered as he heard a ` pop ' sound
mario ambarita , 21 , took chances with his life at jakarta 's soekarno-hatta airport .   he had climbed into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight .   the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway in sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ariana miyamoto , 20 , was born and raised in japan , speaks fluent japanese , and was last month chosen to represent her country in the port town of sasebo near nagasaki .   some critics of ariana 's win have complained she is a mixed race ` hafu ' and not a ` pure ' japanese woman .   the first ever mixed race miss japan has faced horrific racial abuse growing up .
mum gitte denteneer asked staff at rubens eaterie in leuven to warm up milk for her two-month old son lucca .   but when she came to pay she was added onto the bill .   restaurant manager tweeted photo of bill which went viral on twitter .
it is hoped the new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade drugs and cause the tumour to re-grow .   cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1,000 women in britain every month .   they are testing the drug sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer .
billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations .   he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities , which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull .   he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .
a woman from south carolina is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain .   the harlem tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later .   asabi says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on vh1 .
darlene feliciano was out on the makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell .   about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka .   her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries .
isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group .   the source said he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh , iraq .   at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through .
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go at the emirates on saturday .   brendan rodgers is a fan of sterling and has been one of liverpool 's best players this season .   sterling has been just 13 games for liverpool 's premier league games .
located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario .   toronto 's cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world .   the square formation of rock is one of norway 's top tourist - with more than 200,000 visitors every year .
chris ramsey insists he will remain at the club for as long as they want him .   ramsey handed the manager 's job until the end of the season after harry redknapp resigned in february .   ramsey will link up with friend tim sherwood at aston villa this summer .
nearly all of the offenders who obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive , hard drugs like crack cocaine , methamphetamine and heroin .   barack obama has now approved a total of 43 commutations during more than six years in office .   in december , mr obama issued his first round of commutations under new guidelines .
everton team-mate gareth barry has advised ross barkley against moving to manchester city at this stage of his career .   the 21-year-old midfielder believes it is still too early for the 21-year-old to decide on his future .   barkley believes he 's not to leave goodison too soon .
arsene wenger 's side face manchester city on saturday .   kolo toure and mamadou sakho are in line for arsenal .   martin skrtel , olivier giroud and kolo toure will replace skrtel .
the teenage victim was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery .   the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail .   cortez berry was visited by his aunt on saturday and he told her he had been jumped by ten people who beat him .
restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation , the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court .   the row erupted over an 18 second video advert to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza .   the advert opens in a traditional pizza restaurant has accused mcdonald 's of a ` shameful ' attack .
new york state senator jeffrey klein apologized after a search for ` hot ' pictures of a political strategist was shared with the world on his twitter account .   the democratic state senator , who broke away from his party and caucuses with republicans , said ` mistakes like this happen '   the tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a google search for images of the strategist , who has previously worked with former new york city mayor rudy giuliani .   del percio , a member of former new
from today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji .   emoji are popular in the instagram community .   it has four main features called faces , mirroring , photo booth and previews .
former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song , i was only 19 , at one of saturday 's reclaim australia rallies .   the songwriter , who penned the song - like many of his others - was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .   but it has emerged the hit was played at one rallies , which aimed to oppose ` sharia law , halal tax and islamisation '   the singer released a statement on sunday to condemn its use .
trevor vale has pleaded with australians to attend an anzac day service .   in the video , mr vale calls on australians to make it their business to show the anzacs the respect they deserve .   mr vale was furious at the lack of interest from australians in paying respect to the anzacs .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey .   he was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years after he used a broken champagne bottle to stab olu olagbaju , 26 , in shadan 's nightclub in london .   tesfamichael tesfamichael will spend 13 years behind bars for the stabbing of olu olagbaju .
kai windsor set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty into woman .   the number of transgender referrals to children under 11 has quadrupled since 2009 .   mother rachel said : ` as a girl kai is not a boy . '
jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours .   the world is the ` activity holiday ' and can range from pilates to kayaking .   this is because the arctic or swimming costume is control freaks .
lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out on friday .   carey was later spotted ` hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital .   city clerk connie madsen said the mayor pro term , brenda renz , is now in charge of the city .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall .   ferguson was flung from his horse in the 4.20 pm on thursday morning .   ferguson 's double somersault fall from merrion square was watched online .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in guangdong province .   but two years on when you asked her to marry him she was a jealous boyfriend who ` fattened up ' his partner in a plan to put off any love .   yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , has slammed belle gibson over her false claims she had terminal brain cancer .   the 21-year-old student has been in and out of hospital after she was diagnosed with a severe brain condition .   gibson was named the social media star of the year cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards in 2014 .
robert abercrombie , known as rob venomous in the ring , tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car .   a video mr abercrombie uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle car .   james had been asking him for days to perform the diy removal before he gave in .
all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september .   infants must promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases .   each child must print their name and provide a signature .
rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years .   she models herself on the company 's style gallery , an open fashion forum .   customers can suit how they have each item to suit their own personal .
the man in his 50s was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike .   his brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry .   he later died in hospital from his injuries .
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace after # 60 was stolen from an epileptic woman 's handbag .   the female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes .   passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama .
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars-sized object called theia , 4.45 billion years ago .   the two theories appear in the journal nature across three studies - two in favour of the ` similar to earth ' theory , and the other favouring the ` shower of debris ' model .   this is known as the giant impact hypothesis .
everton midfielder steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .   pienaar has made just 11 appearances for the toffees this season due to knee injuries .   pienaar is held back at the liberty stadium .
jenna louise driscoll , 25 , was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog .   she was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week and did not show up and is now wanted by police on seven drug charges .   driscoll has been charged with three counts of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding .
european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   google will have to probe google 's operating system for android smartphones .
amanda butler , 42 , enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks .   her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive .   in the weeks and months he underwent heart surgery , a lumbar puncture , laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions .
george and amal clooney have invited friends to their mansion on lake como .   the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february .   the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have returned to italy .
a group of eight-year-old children in new jersey have written letters to convicted cop mumia abu-jamal .   he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 , was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution .   this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union .
olivier giroud won the premier league player of the month award for march .   david ginola was the first french winner of the award .   giroud scored five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month .
forty-year-old andrew steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in august 22 shooting deaths of his wife ashlee steele , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol of lake elmo , minnesota .   defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele 's brain , not criminally responsible for the deaths .   two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on thursday .
zafar ansari graduated from cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology .   the surrey spin-bowling all-rounder is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south .   ansari , part of england squad for the test tour of the caribbean , will captain england against ireland .
dante de blasio , 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month .   the mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in brooklyn is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son 's elite education .   dante has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown .
mood swings , headaches and nausea , while more serious complications include blood clots and breast cancer .   findings suggest the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain , changing the way they function .   neuroscientists found in the pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function .
bristol city face peterborough in the championship at bradford on tuesday .   steve cotterill 's side will win promotion this season at deepdale .   bristol city were the first football league club in a row .
sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race and offer their predictions .   ap mccoy 's favourite shutthefrontdoor is the highlight of the grand national , racing year , and will one .   of the paddock .
the remains of friedrich branft , 22 , make the first skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo 200 years ago .   brandt , a member of george iii 's german legion , was killed by napoleon 's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs .   brandt 's origins and identity was cracked by gareth glover , a former royal navy officer and historian .
roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed .   lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in birmingham but later let go .   he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle .
allie davis , 21 , posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter .   her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent ` to stay in the relationship '   beyonce , 33 , is so obsessed with beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer , with questions about beyonce 's songs .   beyonce 's sister solange knowles attacked beyonce 's husband .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove they face liverpool on monday night .   united have lost four on the spin - but carver admits he does not know where their next point is due from .   the head coach is hoping to invest in the squad this summer .
siyanda ngwenya has been accused of ` sexual misconduct ' with a female housemate .   the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away .   ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman .
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank , california .   the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony .   the host of nbc 's the today show host ellen degeneres agreed to end their pranking feud .
lewis hamilton told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' ahead of sunday 's bahrain grand prix .   the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix in bahrain .   hamilton said the double world champion will do it on track .
jordan spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago .   spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year .   spieth finished joint second with sweden 's jonas blixt .
tug mv hamal was intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast .   the crew of the hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 , were detained for questioning by investigators .   they are due to appear at aberdeen sheriff court on monday .
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade .   a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean .   the pair have been able to mount a gopro camera to the end of the pole .
lucas matthysse beat ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night .   matthysse won the fight as a draw 114-114 .   glenn feldman and john mckaie scored the fight for patrick allotey .
poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like cadbury mini eggs .   trading standards officials raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations as they were ` likely to contravene food imitation safety rules '   the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break .   eggs bear a ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg .
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment .   she said wearing wristbands would help doctors , lawyers and police officers .   people suffering mental illnesses struggled to explain themselves .
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating .   at the time , he was chief economics adviser to the party that night back in march 2004 was flanders ' boyfriend , labour rising star ed miliband .   miliband had been back in britain for two months as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever .
patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium .   manchester city do end up manuel pellegrini but patrick vieira captained but he wants to be a manager .   vieira was a captain at manchester city 's new training ground .
marouane fellaini was substituted at half-time against louis van gaal 's side at goodison park on april 18 .   the manchester united midfielder and his twin brother mansour on tuesday .   mourinho said he was not playing at the club 's hotel doorman .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre , and hailey walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones .   the principal and local police chief said she would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography .   each girl receive $ 75,000 in damages .
witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car in west of the city 's international airport .   but a companion pup escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion .   the rescued pup weighs about 25 pounds and is 10 months old .
bangladesh beat pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in dhaka .   tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored 30 runs in 2.2 overs .   the hosts set pakistan 330 for victory .
photo stylist nathalie croquet has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project spoof .   the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne .   in the images nathalie has recreated the ads of famous designers and brands .
britt mchenry has been suspended from her position after an ugly rant .   the 28-year-old had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia .   she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office .
australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his ` inappropriate and disrespectful ' anzac day tweets .   mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter , claiming it ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion , ' and accuses australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft '   ` mr mcintyre 's actions have breached the sbs code of conduct and social media policy , ' he said .   the sbs football journalist condemned anzac day as an ` imperialist invasion '
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in six years .   the portuguese forward has played in madrid for only six seasons .   he is just seven goals from alfredo di stefano in the la liga club .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 3-1 in the champions league on saturday .   gareth bale is a doubt for real madrid 's quarter-final second leg .   real coach carlo ancelotti wants to have karim benzema fit for wednesday 's match against malaga with a knee injury .
tortoise beat two cheetahs in desert in south africa , south africa .   big cat fast food escaped by cheetahs into its shell .   big cats to wander off in search of snack snack .
bolton beat cardiff 3-0 in the welsh capital on sunday .   craig davies scored a brace for eidur gudjohnsen in front .   neil lennon 's clinical side have a 13-point in the relegation zone .
french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas .   the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep and does n't go to the bottom .   free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid .   the 30-year-old spaniard is in his third season with atletico madrid .   cazorla says he 's happy with his life at arsenal and with his wife .
donald sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades .   shelly sterling said she took the woman to court ` for justice ' ' i did it for justice , ' she said on wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money .   donald sterling is suing his wife and the nba over the $ 2 billion sale of the team .
retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland .   current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies .   the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze
rock band portishead attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ` especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply .   he wants musicians to be paid more , and says it is hurting young talent .   barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away .
the law , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state .   fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays .   the ceo of salesforce.com was one of the first corporate executives .
bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif .   social media lit up as those from whether bishop was right to cover her head at the funeral of saudi arabia 's king abdullah in january .   the foreign minister also defended her wearing of the headscarf .
nelson oliveira is set to make his second premier league start at leicester .   the 23-year-old has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury .   gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks .
emily reay , 17 , claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years .   but now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons .   emily says she will return to school with her hair pinned up .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .   she is accused of sending a facebook message to the girl on april 12 .
claire mccoy left his home at bolger 's academy for four and a half years .   the 15-year-old has had a career at the top of his five years .   he says ` it is the end of an era '   claire says ` anthony ' leave her ` heartbroken '   he said : ` we are all going to sandown on saturday .
the family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter , who groomed melbourne terrorist numan haider .   besim besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday .   he is one of two men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in melbourne were warned by police the men were becoming radicalised .
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home .   northern territory 's chief minister adam giles said parents should not doubt his ` resolve ' to take their children into the hands of child protection services .   parents will also be fined $ 298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters .   the 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on twitter as fans criticised miss sokie .   she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .
stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of the season at palmerston .   the ibrox side lost a second championship defeat to the ibrox club .   rangers are third in the table , with a game against raith rovers .
liverpool beat aston villa semi-final in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .   simon mignolet insists he can not play for fa cup and top four finish .   brendan rodgers ' side have been in training with aston villa .
photographer kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia .   the scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia .   the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis clashed with anti-racism groups .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online .   he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this ' and was adamant there was more to ` that ' video than meets the eye .   his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to endangerment , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .
ulster and ireland declan fitzpatrick to retire from rugby on medical grounds .   ulster said that fitzpatrick had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons .   medics referred him to a neurologist and after tests it was recommended it would be in fitzpatrick 's long-term interests .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo 's paulo dybala .   argentine paulo dybala has attracted interest from european clubs .   dybala is in madrid and is set to meet the atletico madrid on friday .
the dutch owner of the 2012 supercar was waiting in the hotel exedra after attending a meeting of the ferrari owner 's club with his wife in anzio , south of rome .   the car 's owner entrusted the car , one of the most powerful ever produced by ferrari , to a parking attendant who tried to return it to the hotel in less than 3.5 seconds .   the # 300,000 supercar can hit 60mph in a seconds .
dr sanjay gupta performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside .   more than 6,000 people were injured in saturday 's earthquake .   the neurosurgeon is in kathmandu to cover the brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake .
drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the woman collapse on the pavement .   but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a # 70 ticket on his car .   mr hollinshead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers .
luka modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .   croatian midfielder pulled up in second half against malaga on saturday .   cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale .
hakeem kuta was on life support and passed away saturday after falling off the roof of a six-story bronx building .   police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall .   the 17-year-old jumped over a three-foot high wall without realizing there was a gap between the buildings .
lynch is serving nine years for violent gang robberies .   he has been free to run facebook site from his cell in bedford prison .   he is using it to make profits from websites selling legal highs .
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit .   the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has too expensive for them .   detroit restaurant katoi is seeking to consider residents from new york or detroit .
prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl , after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out .   last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a ` sex slave ' to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be ` struck from the record '   virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew 's friend jeffrey epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender .
giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much .   the milan-born designer spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements .   kelly brook 's ex , david mcintosh , is one celebrity .
jordan spieth flew to south carolina to keep his promise to play the heritage tournament .   spieth has competed in four events in a row as the bmw pga championship is staged at wentworth .   local favourite ian poulter , world no 3 henrik stenson .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee .   stoll was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool shortly before 5pm .   stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in california .
moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to iran in 2010 .   defence ministry said it was ready to supply the missile equipment ` promptly '   move is likely to anger both u.s. and israel at time of tensions .   russian president lifted ban on supplying iran with missile system .
jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury problems .   louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge .   chelsea face chelsea in the premier league on tomorrow .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , has documented her changing figure via her instagram page .   just 10 days before she is due to give birth . '10 days until we meet #babyjames .
christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers .   fay purdham and christopher dodd are to marry after reuniting years after miss purdham underwent surgery to become a woman at the age of 23 .   the pair , who now live in south bank , middlesbrough , reunited at a party years later .
a michigan girl dismissed from a catholic school for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments has been invited back but will attend a public school for now .   barbara mcgrath said that her daughter is attending lakeview middle school and that she ca n't say whether rose will return to st. joseph , a private catholic school , until she determines if issues can be resolved .   the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012 .
carlo ancelotti has revealed karim benzema will miss real madrid 's la liga game against malaga on saturday .   the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem .   real madrid striker benzema has scored 15 goals during the la liga campaign .
alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes in the southern xi .   manchester city beat harry kane in the match on monday .   sergio aguero and sergio aguero also scored in the northern xi .
tim mcgraw is scheduled to raise money with a connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group .   mcgraw committed to a benefit concert in support of a pro gun control charity .   mcgraw 's opening act bill currington backed away from the project after backlash .
lewis hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses .   he used to date ex-pussy cat doll nicole scherzinger as ` selfish and inconsiderate '   he said he should be forced to apologise for ` specially directing ' the bubbly into the woman 's face .   hamilton sprayed with champagne on sunday 's summit of the formula one world championship .
the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013 .   areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square miles -lrb- 0.4 square miles -rrb- - are bright pink .   in the map , lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans .
darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby .   alex pritchard scored his 10th goal for the rams in the fifth minute .   alex pritchard opened the scoring for derby with a header .
danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   porto and brazil have won the last eight of this year 's champions league .   rodriguez was sold on to monaco in 2004 champions league .
followers of gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an $ us49 ,500 per year .   ms bines apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950 .   she mistakenly advertised the price of one of the courses as $ 4,950 ,500 - ten times it 's real $ usd4950 price .
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in 1492 .   archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle .   bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .
slovakia beat czech republic 1-0 on tuesday in a friendly between the two teams .   ondrej duda scored a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute .   it was the third victory for slovakia in the 10th match against the czechs since 1993 .
from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in iceland .   turkey hunting is hunting fans can hunt wild turkey in 200 acres of land .   turkey hunting season will take place at pittsburgh international airport in minnesota .
aaron finch faces three months out of action after surgery on his hamstring .   australian batsman sustained injury playing for mumbai indians in indian premier league .   finch has never played test cricket and was not in australia squad .
a nurse was forced to give birth to her son on the interstate 65 north in louisville , kentucky , during gridlock traffic behind president obama 's motorcade .   dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm on thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital and both are in good health .   the roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown louisville .
the model contains more than 30,000 figures .   fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory in the battle 's bicentenary , which falls on june 18 of this year .   it is on display at the royal green jackets museum in winchester .
at least nine job listings have been spotted on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   the battery will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour .   it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use .   this includes 90 time checks , 90 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music .
the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island 's international airport .   the special flight was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline 's pilot to a member of cabin crew .   the airbus a319 flew two circuits around malta .
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful .   it will mark the television acting debut of schofield , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .   schofield will be playing nick , a mentor of maya avant , played by karla mosley .
andrea furlan was captured on camera by friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes .   he played a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and caused a herd of cows to stand .   the italian musician was filmed standing in river in stratford holding a butterfly landscape designed didgeridoo .
a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people .   between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers and speed boats and rescue craft .
ms ainscough , 30 , died in late february following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma .   she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support .   she died after a long fight with cancer in february .
geoff johnson returned to the home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he died of breast cancer in 2013 .   his mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy .   but when their mother passed away , the house was handed to them .
the woman from the sunshine coast found an empty trolley in coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday .   she pushed the trolley up the escalator to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .   snake catcher richie gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag for ulcerative colitis .   she opens up about life after undergoing emergency surgery .   hattie was admitted to hospital on january 26th of this year .
the first lady and ` grandmother-in-chief ' had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village on saturday .   the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and were looked after owner and restaurant mogul mario batali .   the pair had the ` chef 's roman tasting menu ' on saturday .
an exotic animal owner from ohio is campaigning for his bear and big cats to be returned after they were seized by the state in january .   in total , six tigers , a bear , a black leopard and a liger were taken from kenny hetrick 's stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe '   authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures after they released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself
pietro boselli , 26 , admits he tried to keep his double life as a teacher .   he taught for fear they might ` look down on him ' at university college london .   italian model is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy .
scoring sixth place on the list is elizabeth stewart , a former fashion editor for women 's wear daily and the new york times .   cate blanchett and margot robbie have all made the top 10 in hollywood reporter 's power stylists lists .   stewart was voted number one stylist on the power stylist list last year .
new survey by ripley 's believe it or not has david beckham voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad .   white house down and jump street star channing tatum is also a personality brits wants to have their brother .   ed sheeran and channing tatum have been voted as the men we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family .
roxy walsh took to facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday .   ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday .   the ring was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner of the gold .
kristen bieniewicz of westland , the representative of her husband 's estate , is suing bassel saad , along with another man who controlled the soccer league .   saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer .   the figure represents $ 1 million for each of the 51 additional years that john bieniewicz could have lived .
clare else had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack .   norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head him to kill .   mrs else has been scared to leave her home since her husband andrew was stabbed to death by a paranoid schizophrenic as he got off a bus in croydon , south london .
tigres monterrey scored two goals in queretaro 's 4-0 win over club america .   the 2002 world cup winner rolled back up to fourth in the clausura .   former barcelona forward ronaldinho beat monterrey team-mate emanuel villa .
the chancellor claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme .   aidan turner and eleanor tomlinson vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions .   mr osborne admitted that he was secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark and confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza .
stephen curry scored 34 points for the golden state warriors in there play-off game .   the warriors built a 15-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter .   new orleans power forward anthony davis scored a game-high 35 points , 20 in the fourth quarter .
buddhist wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city .   records show his parents died he was put in the traditional lotus position of prayer .   self-mummification was a way to preserve person 's body after death .
those championing christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund .   the pair are among a host of powerful women for different shades of pink .   pink is the new colour for high-achieving women in the world .
obama said he ` had to say hi ' to bolt , the fastest sprinter of all time .   when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982 .   obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy '   bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday .
angel di maria has a new no 7 shirt at manchester united .   the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from old trafford .   the former real madrid star does also wear the no 7 jersey for argentina .
researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains .   exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment .   spores have been linked with mood swings .
gary neville believes manchester city need to be bold and take on uefa 's ffp regulations .   former manchester united defender believes his former club , chelsea and arsenal would be a straight choice between the big clubs in the premier league .   neville believes city would now struggle to attract top players .
the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session .   she says : ` bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week . stretchies say hi ! ' women have been taken to instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches .   range from bruises and sprains to fractures , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord .   government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .   jose mourinho 's men are only three signings from winning the title .   ray parlour believes wojciech szczesny wants to play this summer .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday .   pep guardiola 's underwear was on show after the incident .   guardiola led their side 5-0 at half-time .
the rogue european eagle owl spent around one minute perched on the woman 's head .   locals have advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird .   residents in the town say it may have escaped from an aviary .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush .   mr quinn , 46 , of hereford , believes ` honesty is the best policy '   he had been carrying # 10,000 in cash from his inheritance after his mother dropped him at the station and on his mistake says he felt ` dazed '   the taxi driver has made a friend for life after taking bag a passenger left on the back seat of
secret footage showed former first minister who claimed he would write the party 's budget north of the border .   also joked that he would ` check his top pocket '   david cameron and boris johnson to join forces to warn of a ` constitutional crisis '   snp 's plan to put ed miliband in downing street if labour wins the election .   prime minister said : ` i 'm writing labour 's budget .
the remote community in aberdeenshire does not have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of ` significant size ' for decades .   towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions .   sleepy towie , population 300 , is being developed by dalradian gold in northern ireland .
abc released a fourth video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition .   the former decathlete tells the journalist that it is ` going to be an emotional rollercoaster but somehow i 'm gon na get through it '   the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home .   the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner .
jake castner , from victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts .   on his fourth day on the run jake castner said ` we do n't talk to police ! '   the 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences .   on 7 april castner claimed he had ` iphone 4s locked ' for sale on his facebook page .
man-made quakes once stable regions in eight states , including parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , ohio , oklahoma and texas .   earthquakes , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .   researchers say the spike in seismic activity was largely down to the oil and gas industry injecting wastewater deep underground , which can activate dormant faults .
rebecca calder , 24 , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money .   at her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts .   officers discovered calder had stolen more than # 5,000 from the savings .
natasha elderfield , 41 , chased her partner off boat they shared after he discovered her in a short dress and stockings about to have sex with her lover , a court heard .   mr dobinson , 33 , is on trial at oxford crown court accused of the murder of her boyfriend robert dobinson .   the couple had sex in the day he was killed .
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home .   the manchester united manager stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal .   sterling 's agent aidy ward next to saido berahino .
yvonne deegan , 77 , said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr rory lyons .   her husband bernie deegan , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year .   police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr lyon 's surgery and a private address .
spacex has released footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the atlantic ocean .   the video shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform .   but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact .
dr mark porter , head of the british medical association , the doctors ' union .   all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use .   critics will say if gps had not been tempted to bring in charges .
teresa sheldon , 38 , from dartford , kent , has appeared in court charged with murdering her son tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the car .   tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley , near winchester in hampshire .   his mother was also taken to hospital for treatment but died from his injuries on august 25 .
mauricio pochettino insists tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy .   sherwood is still in touch with tottenham chairman levy .   spurs occupy sixth place in the premier league .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday .   horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national .   mcilroy is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend .   since the wimbledon champion announced his plans to say ' i do ' at the cathedral .   there have been plans to line the streets with well-wishers as the couple make their way to the venue .
doctor john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney 's west for treatment about midday on saturday after he developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness .   the humanitarian doctor from sunshine coast in queensland had been working at an australian-run ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year .   nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage .
michelle schwab has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell . she faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .   the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit to retrieve the child , who was treated for a leg injury .   he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to george iii and letters from rear admiral sir samuel hood written during the american war of independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive .   collection , which was amassed by george iii , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch .   the poems were given to the hanoverian monarch in 1812 .
tim sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time with his new team on saturday and said he would ` absolutely ' shake levy 's hand .   sherwood claims tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club .   levy sacked sherwood last may .
detectives were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw by the mother and brother of vincent standford .   standford , 24 , was last seen on easter sunday .   her body has now been transported to glebe morgue in sydney to undergo forensic testing .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 , at age of 33 .   hartson admitted to having a gambling problem that he was forced him to face up to a gambling addiction and become a loyal husband .   former luton , arsenal , west ham and celtic striker admitted cancer .
annette edwards is the size of an average eight-year-old child .   the former playboy model has held the record for the world 's biggest rabbit .   jeff is set to lose his title to his son jeff .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia show on tuesday night was held at white city tennis club in paddington and featured real life fitness influencers .   lindy klim , australian ballet star juliette burnett , and former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk .   amanda bisk , samantha harris and juliette burnett also feature .
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age .   a retired nurse , who was sent to neerkol orphanage near rockhampton , said she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham , who is now dead .   the rockhampton hearing in queensland is expected to go until april 24 .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature .   in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and the solid form it take on impact .   scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products .
the quake caused a ` sharp jolt ' to be felt in the san fernando valley and parts of northern los angeles county .   the quake came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit the west los angeles neighborhood of baldwin hills .   it was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 .
david lammy said the snp was a party labour labour could ` do business with ' in the event of another hung parliament .   polls suggest nicola sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on may 7 .   sir john will say that a labour-snp administration would lead to ` weak and unstable ' government .
stacey johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007 .   doctors discovered her sister dannii also had a growth in her brain .   stacey , now 22 , has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back .   lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister , was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home on june 17 , 2013 .   prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since two months and more than 100 witnesses .
valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world .   by studying the composition of valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria .   ned stark , played in the hbo adaptation of the books by sean bean , had a valyrian sword called ice .
eric cantona claimed manchester united are ` kings of the city '   the former united captain believes the red devils can win the league next year too under louis van gaal .   manchester united legend eric cantona believes they are kings of city .   click here to read the latest film at the laureus shanghai football campus tour .
glen walford , 75 , has spent two years fighting worcestershire county council over whether the # 205,000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mother 's care .   miss walford was not her home at the time when her mother went into care .   council has won right to force miss walford for care home fees .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .   mathieson said he was unsure how to walk in his new black boots .   the video was watched more than 80,000 times .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle .   he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police .   the chase ended when shepherd , 41 , peeled off and led a fleet of cars on a chase as he crashed into a white van and then another car .
sandie konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck and killed by a st louis metrolink train on friday morning .   she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert about an opossum on the tracks near an illinois train station .   she was struck by a westbound commuter train on tracks around 8am .
daria rose , 18 , immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything when the superstorm hit in october 2012 .   the hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools .   rose and her grandmother 's house were forced to evacuate their home in baldwin .
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' kelly clarkson in a radio interview , saying he should have spoken of the singer 's ` remarkable talent ' , not her weight .   he said the ` american idol ' winner has ' a lovely voice ' , but added that she ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while '   wallace 's response had sparked outrage online .   now , the veteran news man apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks .
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday .   it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches '   but by sunday morning , the tree had been ripped down , leaving just a shard of the trunk .   the metal dedication plaque at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association .
devoted wife wei guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in southern china for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition .   the couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children .   on their wedding day , the couple have been picked up on social media .
england full back mike brown admitted he is unsure when he will return to action for harlequins .   northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season .   ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks .
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury .   he was not only handcuffed and put in leg irons , but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station .   unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides .
belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz are in talks over a possible partnership .   french side lille cut their ties with mouscron and chelsea this season .   talks have been ongoing for over a month .
capital one is first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers .   financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit .   company scrapped deal after announcement last month of eu cap .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith has expressed regret that the party can not ` get rid ' of the trident nuclear deterrent .   tories have warned labour could ` sell out ' britain in a deal with the snp .   last month survey found three candidates opposed to renewing trident .
zlatan ibrahimovic has scored 17 ligue 1 goals for laurent blanc 's side this season .   the paris saint-germain midfielder was suspended for the champions league quarter-final first leg last week .   luis suarez scored twice at the parc des princes last week .
ryan giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his wife .   ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship .   his apology came nearly four years after rhodri 's wife natasha admitted an eight-year affair .
the native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland while now it 's disappeared from around 80 % of that area with small populations remaining in queensland , the northern territory and western australia .   kevin bradley said foxes and feral cats are ` desimating the population '   australian marsupial is under threat with bilby numbers because of their ` cryptic ' nocturnal habits .   it has been an australian easter tradition since easter tradition .
annegret raunigk , 65 , was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials .   her youngest of 13 children told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister '   she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life .   annegret is set to become the world 's oldest woman to give birth to quads .
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix .   hamilton will claim his third win from four races this term .   hamilton says he is a triple world champion .
nikko jenkins recently tried to carve ' 666 into his forehead but did it backwards '   jenkins told his attorney about the incident in a phone call from his cell in omaha , nebraska .   jenkins was jailed one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison .   jenkins pleaded not guilty but then ineligible for trial on insanity .
channel 4 presenter krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask actor robert downey jr about his personal life .   the actor said : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? '   the american star is in london to promote his new film avengers .   naomi campbell , robert pattinson and peter andre have all cut their chat time short .
larry kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles .   in volume one of his two part book ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover .   abraham lincoln and george washington were gay .
anna broom has not worked since the age of 19 .   she wants the government to loan her # 10,000 for her wedding to jordan burford .   miss broom receives monthly benefits including # 200 housing benefit with fiancé jordan burford , 39 , who also gets # 134 income support a month .
navinder singh sarao , 37 , is wanted by american prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street ` flash crash ' and making more than # 26 million using a fraudulent trading technique .   sarao appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday and was bailed with a surety .   sarao spent third night in custody last night after failing to pay the # 5million surety to grant him bail .
historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams .   experts expect them to fetch a total of around # 1million .   rare quilted helmet with gold koftgari bar is expected to sell for # 35,000 .
shelley dufresne , 32 , confessed to having sex with a 16-year-old english student in exchange for a plea deal that he slept with two teachers .   an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher at the time , dufresne , and his english teacher from the prior year .   respess taught the same student english the year prior .
massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob was born mia , the second of three sisters .   the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy .   jacob was n't always a boy .
vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria , a charity which supports crime victims in her area .   the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force .   it comes after the home secretary implemented a rule allowing pccs for victims of crime .
the family of three arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem .   kim , kanye and khloe arrived in jerusalem 's old city to visit st james cathedral .   the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport .
radamel falcao has been linked with paris saint-germain , juventus and valencia .   colombia striker replaced marouane fellaini in the 83rd minute .   united face premier league-leaders chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday .
stuart dallas impressed for northern ireland in the week .   the 23-year-old scored two goals against fulham 4-1 on good friday .   dallas spent three months on loan at northampton .
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head discovered during an excavation at the city of gdansk in poland .   it was found in the latrine and dates back to the second half of the 18th century .   artifact has now been taken away for preservation work .
the ` third eye ' is associated with the pituitary gland , the pea-sized master gland of the endocrine system .   light pressure applied to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration .   pumpkin seeds also contain omega-3 oils which are great brain food .
marouane fellaini paid tribute to steven gerrard as the best passer of the ball he has played against in an official club interview .   fellaini was on the pitch as gerrard was dismissed just 38 seconds for liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to united at anfield last month .   united face everton in the champions league next season .
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the footpath outside sydney conservatorium of music in the heart of the city as his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car .   felicity waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer it .   the former pm said his driver was there to change it .
anya brodie asked michelle obama her age and when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it .   ` i 'm 51 , ' said michelle obama .   the girl yelled her up on stage so she could give her a big hug .
break-ins in edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in 12 months to april 2014 .   victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke '   lego figures are being used by police as part of a move to raise awareness of crime .   police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants .   but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth # 1million .   tories said miss thornberry lost her job after making picture of a house .
martina navratilova won 18 grand slam titles as a player .   navratilova has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round .   radwanska 's coach of 2012 wimbledon ranked no 9 .
conservatives will not win general election because they have become ` too right-wing '   mr clarke cautioned against signing up to ` blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets .   tory mp bemoaned conservatives ' recent electoral performances .   mr clarke also warned against offering blank cheques .
liverpool striker daniel sturridge has played just 12 league games this season .   the england international will be absent once again on saturday at the hawthorns .   sturridge is `` unsure '' as he will play for liverpool again this season .
schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children unable to speak english .   teachers have warned schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 languages .   some teachers to use google translate to make lesson plans in other languages .
biologists hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process .   they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that pull them together so they interlock like a zip .   this image on the left taken of skin cells healing a wound using an electron microscope show how cells on opposing sides .
the 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane .   police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it .   the victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene .
snp leader nicola sturgeon hit back at claims from tory former prime minister sir john major over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government .   sir john said that he had warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more .   labour had said it would ` kill independence stone dead ' when she is ` not even bothering ' to stand as an mp herself .
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay on april 19 .   lucas leiva is hoping to play his first game at wembley in 2012 .   the reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 .
real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg will be eighth time .   diego simeone 's men have failed to win any of their last seven games .   real madrid beat atletico madrid 2-1 in the champions league final .
liverpool 's fabian delph scored the winning goal to crush gerrard 's fa cup final dream .   gerrard 's final game at anfield as a liverpool player will come in the league against crystal palace on may 16 .   gerrard 's liverpool career will take time to get over .
the filipino icon will be put through at the wild card gym in los angeles .   pacquiao has promised to be on time - and after mayweather was just two hours late for his workout workout .   floyd mayweather jnr takes his turn .
last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 °f -lrb- 13.6 °c -rrb- was the hottest march on record , averaging 1.5 °f -lrb- 0.85 °c -rrb- above the average for the 20th century .   there 's been no break from the globe 's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks , according to the national oceanic and atmospheric administration .   scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere .
33 per cent of 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as the most impressive .   pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be cameron or labour 's ed miliband .   comes six weeks ahead of the general election on may 7 .
marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united .   but his countryman courtois says the blues have a plan to deal with him .   united travel to stamford bridge on saturday .
angela maxwell thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day prank .   she said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals at coningsby community hall in lincolnshire despite winning millions of pounds .   the 67-year-old had just returned from her shift at the community hall with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing last thursday .
christopher eccleston played the doctor for just 13 episodes during first series of show 's revival in 2005 .   he has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent .   only stayed for one run after falling with then show boss russell t davies .
lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' and ` wife '   ` we as women are programmed to tell each other that we 're not fat is the worst thing that you can be , ' she said in her ted talk .   the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly '   the top ` magic wish ' has risen 66 per cent in the past 30 years .
mr yuan was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since .   none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him .   the women have now set up online facebook group so they can all chat .
aaron cook 's switch to represent moldova was confirmed .   the 24-year-old ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class .   cook has received a moldovan passport and will compete for them at rio 2016 .
alan smith has denied claims liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in during manchester united 's fa cup exit nine years ago .   liverpool fans tried to disrupt smith 's journey to hospital by throwing bottles , beer glasses and stones at the ambulance .   smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle .
lindsay jo rimer went missing from hebden bridge and her body was found in a canal five months later .   the teenager 's sister kate described her family 's struggle since lindsay jo 's death as a ` life sentence '   she has spoken out in a new bid to find her killer as they admit they are still searching for the ` golden nugget '   she said : ' i was 20 when she was missing and five months ago she was found '   the sister of her body was
the tory mp defected to ukip to trigger the rochester and strood by-election is on course to lose the seat at the general election .   nigel farage 's party mark reckless became ukip 's second mp last november .   as with thanet south poll , party has said figures are demoralised .
police are hunting the owner of a ` staffy-type ' dog after a four-year-old girl suffered bite wounds to the face .   the youngster was taken to the royal alexandra children 's hospital to undergo treatment .   the girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip .
jack rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool last july .   he had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water .   a coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ` never went near ' the pool .
bernard whalen 's new book ` the nypd 's first fifty years ' is a tale of kickbacks , mob violence and secret kkk members .   the department 's first chief of police , william devery , who held the post from 1898-1901 was known as the king of kickbacks .   devery was able to buy a baseball team , the new york yankees .
the ring connecting orion will be 11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox .   the space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space .   a concept image of the near-earth asteroid scout mission will fly by a small asteroid and yield key information for future astronauts exploring an asteroid .
locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo reported ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year when the flight disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board .   kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll in the indian ocean .   locals identified red and blue markings from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft .
two hot dancers dressed in more than underwear and thigh-high boots .   the exotic dancers had been hired by the deceased 's own wife .   mrs jian said she booked them to perform at her husband 's funeral .
martin allen and barnet will land in benidorm as conference champions .   it came down to 90 minutes against gateshead .   mauro vilhete scored a brace for barnet .
an average of four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead .   comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister .   mr miliband on 28 per cent and mr farage just 10 per cent .
the 16-year-old told nbc he believes everyone on the tulsa force is to blame for his father the april 2 death of his father eric harris and says ` they should all go down '   ` he should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' aidan fraley said of robert bates .   all the tulsa police who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death .   ` the lord has forgiven me for my sins , and
cadbury is cutting the size of its freddo frogs by 20 per cent .   the miniature chocolate amphibians will now weigh just 12g .   cadbury 's parent company 's profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $ 87 million to $ 127 million in 2013 .
alan pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club goalkeeper tim krul .   crystal palace manager insists he is happy with current no 1 julian speroni .   crystal palace boss insists he has had no contact with newcastle or krul .
as a candidate for president in 2008 , obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous armenian-american , kim kardashian , and the pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide .   she last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west , sister and khloe .   white house still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a ` genocide ' for fear of ally turkey .
luke rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york .   rockhold beat lyoto machida in ufc on saturday night .   machida wants a shot in the ufc .
henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night .   liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson believes his side could catch manchester city in the premier league .   manchester city have lost 4-2 at manchester united and liverpool are four points behind .
protests in melbourne turned violent when anti-islam and anti-racism groups clashed .   it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia .   some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes .
conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than # 150,000 to fund additional free childcare places .   the prime minister will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces at a cost of # 350 million .   mr cameron will also argue that true compassion is n't a benefits cheque .
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the home-rental website .   private rooms are available for as little as $ 12 -lrb- # 8 -rrb- a night .   airbnb has plans for rapid growth in cuba .
