cnn hero of the year has been warned not to use main water line to risk of cholera .   koirala 's group is home to 115 girls of sex trafficking .   all of the children have been sleeping .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides .
danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   porto and brazil have won the last eight of this year 's champions league .   rodriguez was sold on to monaco in 2004 champions league .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was '   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act .   prince harry was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at the encore .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist '   ` apes were never meant to drive so stop , ' said one of the notes .   she has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans
justin rose missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour .   rose believes his finish of second at augusta can lead his season .   rose arrived at augusta national and is the first european player to win the us open and masters .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk '   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   chloe 's mother named only as isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais 90 minutes after she
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss .   the couple met after they lost their homes and were swept away by the waves .
cesc fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder charlie adam .   chelsea midfielder suffered a broken nose playing for spain in 2008 .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner .
maren sanchez is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez .   the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
council has ruled they can stay .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of alexander 's family .   mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow eating because of the leylandii .
catherine nevin was given life in prison for arranging to having her husband shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course .   black widow catherine nevin took her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .
didier drogba hopes to inspire footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year-old scored against leicester on wednesday .   zebeto is one of the children inspired by drogba .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley is now a nun at the university of edinburgh .
qpr beat west brom 3-0 at the hawthorns on the 35th minute .   bobby zamora scored qpr 's second goal of the game .   chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers ' season .
` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up .
jurgen klopp will be a top manager at the end of the season .   germany international mertesacker says klopp would be good fit in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has been linked with arsenal in the bundesliga .
at least nine job listings have been spotted on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   the battery will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour .   it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use .   this includes 90 time checks , 90 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the mens final .   novak djokovic beat murray novak djokovic in the miami open final at crandon park tennis center on saturday .   murray and djokovic face monte carlo open on saturday .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her canterbury branch .   she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining of a jacket .   the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn .   mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll '   mr carroll could still be elected as an mp despite dying two days ago .   carroll died following a battle with cancer .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry suspended for one week .   her car had been towed from parking lot of chinese restaurant in virginia .   network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   she also admits she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature .   the mobile app has already been downloaded 20,000 times .
michael pulman , 33 , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   his mother , joy , never spends money on herself and wears # 5.99 shoes from oxfam .   her son is a divorced father of two .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a glimpse at mobility of the future .
philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's debate between democratic candidates .   abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .   54 per cent of participants said they would vote for abraham in the democratic primary .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down .   weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
godfrey elfwick appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   pneumatic latina is a ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd .
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants .
residents on greville street - near the scene close to farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist .   scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on good friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required '   the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy '   farhana begum , 19 , said : ` this was a
father-of-two shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he heard buzzing from the ground .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when a pedestrian had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people .   between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers and speed boats and rescue craft .
farm worker caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .   member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .
nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's wealth , says buhari buhari .   he says nigeria is the first of its kind in history .   he says the cancer of corruption has now been cut out .
the former soviet state has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials as sun cream and cold drink .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 .
a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   each of the images are similar to videos released of british and american hostages who have also beheaded by militants .   the man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' the series of photos .
denise and glen higgs , from devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off in the west midlands .   it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   birmingham city council said they were aware of it .
charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus .   terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite rebels .   prince talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , is the grandson of saudi arabia 's founder ibn saud and one of the richest men ion the world .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters attacking the victims just seconds before .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   other parts of the brawl are hidden in the subway station .
fitness fans paul and laura elliott have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on special day .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .   the pair live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn .   it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car .   his plan to get the all important selfie - and make an appearance on the street view map .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , including jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman will be the third major he has won in a row at the open .
danny higginbotham calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced '   republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane scored a free-kick .   keane is part of martin o'neill 's backroom staff after his role at aston villa .   keane scored in 1-1 draw with villa on december 15 .
the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson .   dna testing on the bed once belonged to king henry vii .
robert bates was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter .   the former officer , johannes mehserle testified that he had to use his stun gun .   experts say the gun should be on the officer 's side .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .   carter also served as president of football league and a vice-president of the football association .   sir philip died peacefully at home on thursday morning after a short illness .
border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   using a human as their base , pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   the brief clip is set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , ' she said .
police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby .   rio ferdinand was thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter-final .
floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 .   he is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao .   former undefeated world super-middleweight champion calzaghe is confident he can predict .
winchester council in hampshire said it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter .   hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   sir andrew motion now president of campaign to protect rural england .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .
manchester city 's james milner could leave as a free agent .   england 's premier league clubs set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   johnson is on loan at the world cup .
matt pliska , a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes '   mikenzy , who has down syndrome , spread an message about friendship when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   ' i just feel like it ... shows our friendship to the list , ' mikenzy said .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother sandra shemansky , 57 .   the body was discovered at the home they shared in winter garden .   his wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago .
thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night .   it was the world cup winner 's 27th champions league goal .   muller scored the fourth goal of porto in the second leg .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   rancadore 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout .
leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   sports brand features ` tick ' logo to wearing christian cross .   ban comes after one militant shows popularity of nike among isis fighters .
lorraine bracco said she was first approached to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   lorraine bracco starred opposite ray liotta in goodfellas in 1990 .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .   if he is successful mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election win for barack obama .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about the cost of living .   he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo now 's official iphone and ipad app is also rolling out on the app store today .
hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin was spotted with her husband anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan in new york on saturday .   abedin and clinton were seen a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week .   staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   in 2013 , it did n't make the top 1,000 .   gary lineker was jailed for 16 years for sex attacks on girls .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .   his mentor ricky wilson is his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc .   leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label .
alexandra harra , 28 , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   she was found it was n't her university education .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci scored at dens park .   turkish midfielder ciftci dundee no 1 bain was the lead .   dundee earn first win in a derby for 10 years .
australia 's johanna johnson show the last bottle of champagne drunk on thursday night .   the heels have been taken at the week in sydney .   skin is face bling - akira and michael lo sordo .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by end of year for smuggling drugs .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .
abby bishop was 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   now zala is 20 months old and follows bishop .
matt prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire .   he will lead his own team in the race for the first time .   the former england cricketer is ceo in the chorley grand prix .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down and only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   another man said he dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding ' another came from reveller in basildon , essex , who called to say she was locked out of the house .   east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs .
ben flower punched st helens ' lance hohaia in last season 's grand final .   the 27-year-old made his first appearance since thursday 's match .   coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see him come back .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , is inspired by the city of lights ' overnight .   the maisons maison souquet is the most popular hotel in paris .   the hotel is located in the moulin rouge theatre .
steven finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .   finn is the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   finn has spent time since world cup at brondesbury cricket club .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .   armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .   perry says kym ellery 's show is ` taking a breather '   perry says she is one of the mercedes-benz fashion week 's 20th anniversary of mbfwa .   perry 's name is a second fashion week in 2015 .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than 12 people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school 's performance of the musical american pie .   the calamity occurred at the worst time - just as dozens were on stage for the finale .
raheem sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer .   brendan rodgers says it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club .   the champions have monitored vice-captain jordan henderson on his contract .
the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london .   charity bite-back boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   google will have to probe google 's operating system for android smartphones .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   mr smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a natural talent with children .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane .   but spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor 's wages .
detective inspector raymond falconer identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire .   bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   martin lost three of his family and has no evidence to suggest the fire may not have been an accident .
rory mcilroy was filmed battling with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown .   mcilroy is a manchester united fan .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   the ice cream was named after the show by ben & jerry 's .
the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine .   qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january .   he invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo will be up against alberto bueno at the end of the season .   luis enrique says he will make changes against almeria .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time '   former england star scored 170 for surrey in the parks .   pietersen already has three ashes series wins on his side .   pietersen has been sacked 14 months after alastair cook 's team .
julio cesar chavez jnr has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs .   anthony dirrell 's ibf world title fight is against james degale .   carl froch lost to andrzej fonfara last week .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana .   it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .   barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for arsenal in the fa cup .   the chelsea player has struggled to win the premier league this season .   steve clarke has been in the form for arsenal since 1994 .
england 's delayed flight landed at manchester airport on tuesday .   michael carrick and ross barkley will be back into training .   andros townsend was england 's winner on tuesday night .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   food service said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not be as bad as it .   after the photo of her child 's lunch , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .
the boat was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the libyan port of misrata .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .   italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .   bolton coroner 's court said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '   torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend '   jacques was found in a hotel room above the pub in bolton last year .   coroner said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may .
father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall .   miss horton , 28 , is half jamaican .   their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   the observation deck measures 27 metres from the edge of the cliff and 718 metres above the river in the basin below .   it is five metres longer than the skywalk at the grand canyon .
liverpool captain steven gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension .   gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy .   reds legend robbie fowler says players must not focus on gerrard .
serving people with legal papers is `` service of process '' in new york .   judge : if you are going to sue , you should know about it .   he says it 's an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .   ebus patients wait an average of 14 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
england face italy in the euro 2016 qualifier on tuesday .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have won the finals in france .   england captain wayne rooney and luke shaw are on the scoresheet .
the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer .   clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was filmed last july .
a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   swimming pools , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden for the first time .   the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .   it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg .   he then cracks the smaller egg and has a yolk and white inside .
richard dysart died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness .   for playing the founder of the firm mckenzie , brackman was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .   dysart 's wife : `` he 's so -lsb- l.a. law , '' he says .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   over a million people visit the walls every year .   an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
louise shepherd , 31 , was hiking through a national park in bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   ms shepherd , from surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .   ms shepherd had a burial plot for her birthday .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .   estate agents in london are said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the levy will hit his own home in north london .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mr keenan had been living in the tent with his father keith , 62 , last year when they fell behind with their repayments .   the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove they face liverpool on monday night .   united have lost four on the spin - but carver admits he does not know where their next point is due from .   the head coach is hoping to invest in the squad this summer .
mick mccarthy was pictured with his side 's 31st goal of the season .   ipswich were denied three points as wolves fought back to draw 1-1 .   former wolves boss mccarthy described the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' of players .
police in rhein erft , germany dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call .   they discovered that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   batarfi is among aqap 's top regional commanders .
the girl in the spider 's web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   mr lagercrantz , known for swedish football star zlatan ibrahimovic 's autobiography , said it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .
lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up against newcastle .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland .   wes brown has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee .
sofia , the daughter of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia has said she is trying to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .   sofia has found the daughter at the end of some cruel criticism .
the sewol ferry sank on april 16 .   a year later , park 's life have been sent to jail on criminal charges .   park eun-mi is recovering from the death of her daughter .
submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze .   premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
javier hernandez scored against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final .   the mexico international broke down the goal of his life on wednesday night .   real madrid are hoping to buy the man united star 's loan permanent .
naomi jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   in 2008 , she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .   miss jacobs told bbc it was when she was about to sit her gcses .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   more than three decades after he was incarcerated , crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters .   it is thought edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia .   at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain changed their communication methods since the leaks by snowden .
`` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at major banks and broadcasters .   south korean investigators say they have a malicious codes used in the attacks .   north korea says it will end its nuclear operator 's nuclear power plants .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .   but before the ladder could be used to grab the arm of a woman .   police had failed to convince the woman who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season .   the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .   klopp has been linked with a move to the premier league .
disgraced former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .   mcdonnell and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. .   ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
the bodies were taken off the ship thursday night by a team of fbi crime scene investigators .   authorities will not say how the couple died .   the ship departed tampa , florida , on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern caribbean .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey .   brady olson knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .   he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .   tinder will now display last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .
ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .   brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent .
some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty .   they are one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his car straight through the front doors of a police station .   the station was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .   police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the richest fight next friday .   up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into vegas this fight week .   the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas is not profit .
secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended .   footage broadcast by ketv-7 in omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .   clinton 's secret service rolled out as a decoy on wednesday .
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .   she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   the thunder had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa .
invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '   conservative jacob rees-mogg will focus on the ` pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace .   the service of commemoration will take place on the 200th anniversary of waterloo .
the image , believed to come from a religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   university of sydney 's professor says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment '   the number of caesarean surgeries is to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .   last year the world health experts said number of surgeries needed to drop .
five highest-earning nhs dentists paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   thousands of patients struggle to get on books of nhs practices .   further 11 dentists paid between # 400,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .
jackson byrnes is under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .   three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a brain tumour three years ago .
tony pulis face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday .   the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .   ramsey says pulis is one of the best british coaches in britain .
steven gerrard signed a new liverpool contract on thursday .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .   henderson is expected to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail for working without a licence .   allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him .   hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
new survey reveals women regret their career choices more than men .   under half 47 per cent surveyed admitted that they have suffered from mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles .   one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to missed opportunity at work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   pieces from the meteorite would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories including flo dunn , 22 .   the shoes are worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .   daphne said of the collection , she is the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' collection .
last week host john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it .   but in an outburst of arrogance , snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ` fundamental ' price of liberty .   the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details .
military and aid flights are indian military planes in nepal .   some buildings are not up to high construction sites .   nepal 's landmarks are not , but there 's no way to get out .
nicola sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in britain .   women become sexier with age , income and office .   in 2001 she dressed her feet into kurt geiger heels .
raheem sterling has been used at wing back by liverpool .   the 20-year-old impressed as part of england 's front three .   sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 qualifier between england and norway to be replayed .   fifa did similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier .
aaron lennon reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police that the # 55,000-a-week winger left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 18-year-old was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   lennon is on loan to everton .
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing '   with long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   clients must release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner .   the clinic has even had to extend its hours .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the edinburgh derby .   stuart mccall had his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .   nicky clark and nicky clark both scored in the race .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   his favourite website tmz is $ 25,000 .   manny pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on monday as part of the big fight .
researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .   angela kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .
charity runners taking part in 10km fun run at weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed .
located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario .   toronto 's cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world .   the square formation of rock is one of norway 's top tourist - with more than 200,000 visitors every year .
paris saint-germain beat psg 3-1 at the nou camp on wednesday night .   lionel messi and neymar scored 3-1 lead in the first half .   luis suarez scored a double at parc des princes for the brazilian .
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league .   chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will stay up .   ramsey believes his side will stay in premier league with three wins .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones .   the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .   the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .   but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason adopted by another family .
over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .   symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness .   the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen .   the un last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   on saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother .   he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on tuesday .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .   she is accused of sending a facebook message to the girl on april 12 .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support .   pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .   the 36-year-old also posted a photo with karl malone at his wild card gym base in los angeles .
luis suarez scored his second goal for barcelona in the champions league quarter final .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his last 11 games .   suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .   brent 's father , herbert , received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   but as the need for the fleet , just over 120 ships remain , so has the number of vessels .   the ships are the ` ghost ' national defense reserve fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need .
nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   but he claims that overall caps on net migration ` might change every year '   ukip 's manifesto chief said he would not set ` arbitrary targets ' in march .   but ukip leader said it would be ` ludicrous ' to stop people leaving country .
david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .   his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   detectives are investigating the alleged killer was living rough .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over 15 years .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in new south wales this saturday .   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday .   now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body just a week before her big day .
justine miliband , 44 , fell in love with her husband ed after she got bitten by a dog .   but the labour leader failed to tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party in the north west .   mrs miliband said she was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '   mrs miliband was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend '   but the doberman incident happened in doncaster .
arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league .   arsenal were made to fight for their eighth win in a row at turf moor .   sean dyche 's side are two points from hull city and aston villa .
men form a small part of jaysh al-islam or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   dozens of masked special units show off a range of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers .   group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel .   it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .   all of the farms include the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .   klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
green party has set it to music , with new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage .   designed to show that tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   video shows ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .
many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five .   at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .
kim callaghan piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .   her weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .   kim married her husband sean callaghan in 1999 .
` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .   neanderthals may have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton .   froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out .   chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night but has said he is open to facing the brit later this year .
the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   leah williamson and leah williamson are second in the group .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league on wednesday .   javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute .   real defender raphael varane filmed the footage of the supporters .
