( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .
porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   since winning the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004 the portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .
carrie reichert ( left ) , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story in which she recounts the events of prince harry 's infamous party night   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .
justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament   justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .
dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam
a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   remembrance : friends embrace and remember slain student maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015
her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years   stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured )
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   black widow catherine nevin leaving mountjoy prison as she walks to get a bus .
following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season
theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .
bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns   charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute   sportsmail 's match zone shows where bobby zamora struck qpr 's third goal
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . '   gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade
jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .
at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use .
andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final   andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open
paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda '   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .
britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley ( left , with lola and right with lola and husband david ) came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant   like most first-time mums , chloe and husband david , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital .
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .
the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car ( shown ) .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '
the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham ( left ) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates   the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted   chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck
godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian   cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   sick : twitter 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the isis militants themselves ( pictured ) or by supporters of the terror group , on april 2
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it
a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .
a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .   a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son
the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   affordable : bulgaria has been named europe 's cheapest destination , with black sea resorts like sunny beach ( pictured ) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities   research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer .
his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .
but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .   targeted : they then pull them to the ground and punch them .
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   ready to go : the car clearly captured nasr waiting to take the all-important selfie in mississauga , canada
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta   rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .
republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane ( left ) looks frustrated during his country 's draw with poland   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk   former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .
the four-poster oak wood bed ( above ) , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .
in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california .   that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side .
off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday   justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .
using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap   the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match   mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '   it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune .
manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups   here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .
perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .
thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win   thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .
the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain   bain refuses to react as the turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at den park   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine
abby bishop 's ( right ) life completely changed when she took in her niece zala ( left )   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams   the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire   the one pro team in yorkshire on monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in england   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix
another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .
the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights   inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess .
steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place   finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   finn 's form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture )   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   but after a spending spree on the trip , armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   fashion favourite : perry says kym ellery ( pictured left ) is one of his favourite designers showing this week
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie
brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract   rodgers talks to sterling during friday 's training session ahead of fa cup semi-final against aston villa
the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre )   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .
the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   there is n't a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .
the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1   rory mcilroy ( left ) battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta
chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share   after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '
qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .
wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year   fraud : wheelchair-bound starrs , 50 , was a manager with bt who admitted defrauding the company of # 28,000 over two years
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five-goal haul against granada at the weekend
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad   andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago
froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now   carl froch ( left ) has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium   mesut ozil and alexis sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .   steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist .
england have finally arrived home from turin after their delayed flight landed at manchester airport following tuesday night 's 1-1 draw with italy .   the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy on tuesday night but their flight home was delayed   everton pair phil jones ( left ) and ross barkley ( right ) will be back into training ahead of facing southampton
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   reasoning : virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules   : a corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week
rome ( cnn ) the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .
astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother jacques , 20 , in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web .   torin lakeman , 19 ( left ) , and brother jacques , 20 ( right ) , died in a pub in manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web '   the brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch manchester united play a game against hull at old trafford in december last year
miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .   father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall ( centre left ) and baylee ( centre right ) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics   but , in odds of a million to one , baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   the new ` skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county , southwest china , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .   work on the # 3.7 million structure started in march last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension   liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the fa cup rather than steven gerrard , according to reds legend robbie fowler .   liverpool forward raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield
( cnn ) recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   what exactly is " service of process " ?   one form of alternate service is " nail and mail " service .
now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( uclh ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .   a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .
england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .   the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places   partisan : kansas republican gov. sam brownback ( center ) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   the unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction   while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .
( the hollywood reporter ) richard dysart , the emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama " l.a. law , " has died .   dysart , who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning " that championship season , " died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness , his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter .   the acclaimed " l.a. law " -- created by steven bochco ( who eventually handed off the series to david e. kelley ) and terry louise fisher -- aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994 .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls   however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .
tragedy : louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm   louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the annual levy will hit his own home in north london ( right )   wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` ed miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the labour leader if he becomes prime minister .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mitchell keenan , with his father keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent   they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday   john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league
mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on saturday   ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs .   despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead , town 's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby   they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl   they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   khalid saeed batarfi poses for photographs inside the governor 's palace in mukalla , yemen , days after he was released from prison by terrorists
the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   under wraps : the sequel to the girl with the dragon tattoo series by steig larsson ( left ) entitled the girl in the spider 's web ( right ) has been shrouded in such secrecy it is being written on computers with no internet
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   massadio haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity   but now sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   a year later , park 's life remains at a standstill .   the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .
the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea .
javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final   javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   the mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send real madrid through to the semi-finals
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life   overnight , she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit   but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .
and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   seoul , south korea ( cnn ) on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea .   then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports people 's daily online .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time   he had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer   jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   the club have called a press conference for wednesday at 12.30 pm .
a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .   mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption   the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press .   cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   an ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a holland america cruise ship docked in puerto rico .
quick-thinking : brady olson , a teacher at north thurston high , took down a gunman on monday   no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle , authorities said .   brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .   tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests   the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .
brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .   the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   instead he complained he is ` bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors
a man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute into the doors of the harts range police station   the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10pm on sunday .   territory duty superintendent brendan muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather weigh-in at the mgm grand garden arena   floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina ( left ) and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee ( right )
secret service agents parked hillary clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials   hillary clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end .   footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .
defense denied : a judge ruled wednesday that attorneys for brett robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient   brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa   rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship , thunder from lagos to cover up illegal fishing   environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .
invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .   defeated : napoleon ( illustrated ) lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815
the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia   doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .
a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   the sum is almost five times the prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago   jackson byrnes ( pictured ) is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery   with less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page .
chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league   ramsey claims pulis ` is one of the best coaches in britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice   ramsey 's qpr , who face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday , are 19th in the barclay 's premier league table -- four points adrift of sunderland in 17th .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season   steven gerrard ( left ) trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday   adam lallana ( left ) was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   former immigration minister hakaoro hakaoro , who was jailed in january 2014 for working without a license , has been found guilty of another string of complaints   this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .
with 47 % compared to only 40 % of men   the survey , from specialist travel agency , planet cruise , was conducted on people age over 55 and exposed widespread career disappointments among both men and women   just under half ( 47 per cent ) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter , would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22   looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & other stories collection alongside the customised shoes
in a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency .   the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .   last week tonight host john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents and asks him to explain why he did it
kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu .   there 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake ( of 2010 ) .   driving through the city , there 's not a huge amount of visible damage .
nicola sturgeon ( left in 2001 ; right in 2015 ) is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer   the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night   sterling 's current # 35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast   uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute
the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 28-year-old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers .   nicky clark celebrates after putting rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers on sunday   hibs had secured a win over hearts in the edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the light blues knew they had to respond .
floyd mayweather ( left ) vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on may 2   pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 ( # 67.48 ) to watch the fight   andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes   but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .
blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run ( pictured ) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .
toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   at 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the seven wonders of the modern world by the american society of civil engineers .   brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system
luis suarez torments a less-than-fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian   suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night   it proved too much too soon for paris saint-germain 's david luiz as the brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half against barcelona .
queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins   chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status .   rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it
for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .   zella jackson price ( pictured ) , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .
state health alert : new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that ` spice ' , also known as ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from april 8 , 120 of them in one week   now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .   the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   air strikes : it is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen - but so far , the international red cross has not been able to gain entry to the middle eastern country
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   the outburst unfolded as kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .   a self-confessed neo-nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .
bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .   two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   arrest : tabitha bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather   pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2   the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   suarez scored twice as barca put themselves in control of the tie with a 3-1 first leg win   luis suarez puts the ball through david luiz 's legs before scoring his second goal for barcelona '
` revenge ' : alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon ( both pictured ) , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .
ghost ships : a number of the remaining ships in the united states ' national defense reserve fleet lay moored in james river , virginia   helping hand : the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies   the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .
ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   the conservatives accused mr farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but mr farage has denied his party has made any u-turns on immigration .   but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .
his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   expat : detectives are investigating the killing of david king ( pictured ) , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy   the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy 15 years ago .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback ( pictured ) sold for almost four times its estimated value
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   passengers were forced to exit the boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   friends and family of murdered stephanie scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .
mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   justine miliband , right , said she fell in love with her husband ed , left , after she got bitten by a dog
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league   arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at turf moor .   burnley manager sean dyche shakes hands with wenger following arsenal 1-0 victory at turf moor
these men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   the group operates in the embattled syrian city of damascus and their ongoing battle against president bashar al-assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of saudi arabia .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel   the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .
klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30   jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer   klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club .
now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   the video begins with ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano , with ` ed miliband ' looking on
now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   since herman melville penned his novel moby dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills   they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons   many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers ( nut ) .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   however , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10
a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , on show in ljubljana .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia
froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr. ( right ) in las vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury   wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton   carl froch will be a keen observer when julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast   uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .
real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday   javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute against atletico to win the tie   fans greeted the team coach as real arrived for their champions league second leg with atletico madrid
