danilo this week agreed to join real madrid in the summer for # 23million .   transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440m since 2004 .   james rodriguez , pepe and radamel falcao among those sold by porto .   click here for all the latest real madrid news .
ronnie carroll placed fourth in the eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .   he died in london two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .   mr carroll was running in the general election for hampstead and kilburn .   he remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness .   carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .   toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader ' .
gary fell from 147th most popular british name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .   reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .   meanwhile , names including dexter and jenson are now in the top 100 .
a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook .   danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media ? .
england manager roy hodgson appears to still not know his best xi .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters reveal their england euro 2016 line-ups .   england are currently top of euro 2016 qualifying group e on 15 points .
newcastle take on liverpool on monday night at anfield .   the magpies have not won away at liverpool since 1994 .   newcastle have lost their last four games scoring just one goal .   john carver 's side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
the couple are in their 50s and from cleveland , ohio .   ship with 1,500 passengers aboard left tampa , florida , for a two-week caribbean cruise on sunday .   the bodies were discovered thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at ashworth hospital in merseyside .   hopes ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in general election .   branded david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' in the rant .   murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on saddleworth moor .   he hopes that ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing david cameron 's views as ` the usual mob-pleasing pr drivel expected from such bovines ' . .   the political leaders are unworthy of ` even being assassinated ' . .   voters must choose between ` public school millionaires ' or a ` refugee , privileged german jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to ed miliband , whose belgian father fled the nazis . .   after ` half-a-century 's imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are tory voters . .   branded question time ` for the dumb ' with the ` same old party hacks ' and labelled host david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' . .   claims he does not like the bbc and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from al jazeera . .
advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named coalition .   greens claim main parties are all ` singing from the same hymn sheet ' .   mocks tories , lib dems , labour and ukip for agreeing on austerity .   the film will first be broadcast at 5.55 pm on thursday night on bbc2 .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed .   england will resume the match against norway from the penalty spot .   the elite round qualifier resumes in belfast on thursday at 9:45 pm .   referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .   england were 2-1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .   german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .   three lions earn 3-1 victory against switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for european championship qualification .   norway beat northern ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in group 4 .   it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .   watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .   read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
