porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   since winning the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004 the portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .
( cnn ) recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   what exactly is " service of process " ?   one form of alternate service is " nail and mail " service .
england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday   john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press .   cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   an ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a holland america cruise ship docked in puerto rico .
brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .   the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   instead he complained he is ` bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   the video begins with ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano , with ` ed miliband ' looking on
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast   uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .
