the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car ( shown ) .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it
a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .   a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine
abby bishop 's ( right ) life completely changed when she took in her niece zala ( left )   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams   the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old
the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture )   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   but after a spending spree on the trip , armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .
the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   there is n't a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .
the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1   rory mcilroy ( left ) battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta
chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share   after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   reasoning : virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules   : a corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week
rome ( cnn ) the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .
now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( uclh ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment .   a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .   the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .
the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   under wraps : the sequel to the girl with the dragon tattoo series by steig larsson ( left ) entitled the girl in the spider 's web ( right ) has been shrouded in such secrecy it is being written on computers with no internet
they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors
a man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute into the doors of the harts range police station   the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10pm on sunday .   territory duty superintendent brendan muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner .
the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia   doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .
a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   the sum is almost five times the prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter , would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
nicola sturgeon ( left in 2001 ; right in 2015 ) is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast   uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute
floyd mayweather ( left ) vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on may 2   pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 ( # 67.48 ) to watch the fight   andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20
ghost ships : a number of the remaining ships in the united states ' national defense reserve fleet lay moored in james river , virginia   helping hand : the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies   the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .
his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   expat : detectives are investigating the killing of david king ( pictured ) , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy   the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy 15 years ago .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   friends and family of murdered stephanie scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel   the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .
a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , on show in ljubljana .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia
