( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
carrie reichert ( left ) , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story in which she recounts the events of prince harry 's infamous party night   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .
justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament   justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead
dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .
a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   remembrance : friends embrace and remember slain student maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015
following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season
bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns   charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute   sportsmail 's match zone shows where bobby zamora struck qpr 's third goal
andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final   andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian   cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .
the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   affordable : bulgaria has been named europe 's cheapest destination , with black sea resorts like sunny beach ( pictured ) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities   research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta   rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '   it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .
manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups   here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre )   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five-goal haul against granada at the weekend
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium   mesut ozil and alexis sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .   steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist .
miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .   father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall ( centre left ) and baylee ( centre right ) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics   but , in odds of a million to one , baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   the unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction   while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the annual levy will hit his own home in north london ( right )   wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` ed miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the labour leader if he becomes prime minister .
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   massadio haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity   but now sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .
javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final   javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   the mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send real madrid through to the semi-finals
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer   jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   the club have called a press conference for wednesday at 12.30 pm .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather weigh-in at the mgm grand garden arena   floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina ( left ) and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee ( right )
chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league   ramsey claims pulis ` is one of the best coaches in britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice   ramsey 's qpr , who face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday , are 19th in the barclay 's premier league table -- four points adrift of sunderland in 17th .
toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   at 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the seven wonders of the modern world by the american society of civil engineers .   brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system
luis suarez torments a less-than-fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian   suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night   it proved too much too soon for paris saint-germain 's david luiz as the brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half against barcelona .
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   suarez scored twice as barca put themselves in control of the tie with a 3-1 first leg win   luis suarez puts the ball through david luiz 's legs before scoring his second goal for barcelona '
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   passengers were forced to exit the boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .
mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   justine miliband , right , said she fell in love with her husband ed , left , after she got bitten by a dog
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league   arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at turf moor .   burnley manager sean dyche shakes hands with wenger following arsenal 1-0 victory at turf moor
klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30   jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer   klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills   they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons   many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers ( nut ) .
froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr. ( right ) in las vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury   wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton   carl froch will be a keen observer when julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .
real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday   javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute against atletico to win the tie   fans greeted the team coach as real arrived for their champions league second leg with atletico madrid
