anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry in vegas .   carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a ** ' .   the 43-year-old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
justin rose finished joint runner-up at the masters 2015 on 14-under-par .   rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters .   rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .   click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
pair were left homeless after storms and met in connecticut trailer park .   won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after easter to mark new start .   ` because of sandy i met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
the life of 16-year-old maren sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on saturday by hundreds of people .   i do n't think there 's anything sad about this . .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with sanchez 's murder .
didier drogba given the barclays spirit of the game award .   the 37-year-old 's foundation has done impressive work in africa .   some of chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised # 400,000 .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
eduardo vargas put qpr ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   charlie austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , bobby zamora made it three .   victor anichebe pulled one back for west brom before youssouf mulumbu was sent off and joey barton scored .
tournament performances have restored andy murray to world no 3 .   but it 's wedding to kim sears that takes murray 's no 1 spot this week .   murray is due to marry fiancée sears in dunblane this coming saturday .   there are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list .
cuban-born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   miami-based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .   has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   they also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday .   group seen returning to scene on saturday - a day after initial break-in .   police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on friday .
tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . .   he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . .
bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .   researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket ' .   cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   its most popular resort of sunny beach copies those of spain and greece .
charles terreni , 18 , was found dead march 18 at a frat house in columbia .   terreni was a usc freshman and a member of the pi kappa alpha house .   coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
air strikes were launched by saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   saudi forces have focused on beating back shiite houthi rebels in yemen .   prince alwaleed bin talal pledged bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta .   the northern irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in georgia .   mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year .   one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday 's par-3 contest .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 .   joe calzaghe believes mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent .   read : ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight .   read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4-4-2 .   glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .   james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .   burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front .
david axelrod masterminded two obama presidential election victories .   he was hired by labour leader ed miliband amid great fanfare last year .   revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in uk .   labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
emmanuel adebayor 's current tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane .   togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 in la liga at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   real travel to rayo vallecano in a madrid derby on wednesday night .   juventus won 3-0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday .
reading lost 2-1 against arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley .   royals took much fancied gunners to extra-time after 1-1 draw .   steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
rebecca horton , 28 , and curtis martin , 24 , had twins kendall and baylee .   girls are non-identical , meaning they do not share the same set of dna .   this means their physical characteristics and genders can vary .   however , having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
unusual egg was captured on camera by us youtube user elman511 .   shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .   phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that has n't been laid .
estate agents are offering a ` cameron price ' and a lower ` miliband price ' .   labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million .   the prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount .   some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .
lee cattermole returns from suspension for sunderland .   but black cats without injured defender wes brown through a knee injury .   knee surgery will see massadio haidara miss rest of the season .   steven taylor , paul dummett , cheick tiote and siem de jong also out for newcastle united ahead of wear-tyne derby .
sofia abramovich took to instagram to create a motivational post .   she said she had been criticised since people found her account .   the teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity .   sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
javier hernandez scored the winner in the champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid .   real madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign manchester united star .   mexico international has attracted interest from dinamo moscow , lazio , everton , newcastle , west ham and stoke .
premier league clubs on alert after shock reports from germany .   klopp has told dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer .   press conference has been scheduled for 12.30 pm .   the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .   klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .   breaking news : klopp confirms he will leave dortmund in the summer .
fans will be charged to watch a weigh-in for the first time when floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio step on the scales .   all profits will be donated to charities nominated by the boxers .   mayweather and pacquiao will be weighed at the grand garden arena .   wladimir klitschko admits that he is considering retirement .   the ukrainian looks set to fight tyson fury and deontay wilder .   carl froch may choose to retire after julio cesar chavez jnr 's defeat by andrzej fonfara .   froch had hoped to face the mexican in las vegas later this year .
chris ramsey praises tony pulis as one of the best coaches in britain .   the queens park rangers boss says he wo n't be asking for his advice .   qpr travel to west brom on saturday in crucial relegation clash .   click here for all the latest qpr news .
holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man-made or natural vantage points .   brave souls can hang over the edge of toronto 's cn tower , which stands 1,815 ft tall .   pulpit rock in forsand , norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league .   injured david luiz forced into the fray after thiago silva limped off .   luis suarez nutmegged luiz in lead up to both of his goals .   the internet soon filled with memes at the brazilian 's expense .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg .   suarez nutmegged david luiz on his way to scoring both goals .   the striker says the tie is not over despite barca 's two-goal advantage .
incident occurred as the boeing 737-800 landed at khajuraho airport .   plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway .   crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides .   jet airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
ed miliband bored his future wife justine on their first meeting at a party .   the labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest .   he then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host .   mrs miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ` kitchengate ' .
arsene wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against burnley .   arsenal needed an aaron ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at turf moor .   wenger hails burnley 's ` solidarity and organisation ' .
jurgen klopp 's seven-year stint at borussia dortmund will end on june 30 .   premier league clubs on alert after the shock news from germany .   klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .   dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke confirmed news in press conference .   the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .   klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .   klopp : ' i believe that borussia dortmund actually needs a change ' .
teachers say pupils not ready for ` formal sitting down stage ' before seven .   play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe .   want to follow lead of finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .   union to ask for more play time at its conference in harrogate this weekend .
injury forced carl froch to withdraw from bout with julio cesar chavez jnr .   instead , chavez faces andrzej fonfara on saturday night .   the wba super-middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
real madrid eliminated atletico madrid from the champions league .   javier hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for real madrid .   raphael varane filmed fans as madrid arrived at the santiago bernabeu .   read : barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final .   who will win the champions league ? .
