the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .
her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years   stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured )
theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .
jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .
paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda '   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund
britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .
the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham ( left ) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates   the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted   chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck
godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   sick : twitter 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the isis militants themselves ( pictured ) or by supporters of the terror group , on april 2
a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .
his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .
but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   ready to go : the car clearly captured nasr waiting to take the all-important selfie in mississauga , canada
republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane ( left ) looks frustrated during his country 's draw with poland   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk   former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .
the four-poster oak wood bed ( above ) , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .
in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california .   that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side .
off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday   justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .
using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap   the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match   mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune .
perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .
the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain   bain refuses to react as the turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at den park   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire   the one pro team in yorkshire on monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in england   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix
steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place   finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   finn 's form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   fashion favourite : perry says kym ellery ( pictured left ) is one of his favourite designers showing this week
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie
brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract   rodgers talks to sterling during friday 's training session ahead of fa cup semi-final against aston villa
the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption
qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .
wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year   fraud : wheelchair-bound starrs , 50 , was a manager with bt who admitted defrauding the company of # 28,000 over two years
froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now   carl froch ( left ) has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .
astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother jacques , 20 , in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web .   torin lakeman , 19 ( left ) , and brother jacques , 20 ( right ) , died in a pub in manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web '   the brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch manchester united play a game against hull at old trafford in december last year
gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension   liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the fa cup rather than steven gerrard , according to reds legend robbie fowler .   liverpool forward raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places   partisan : kansas republican gov. sam brownback ( center ) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats
( the hollywood reporter ) richard dysart , the emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama " l.a. law , " has died .   dysart , who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning " that championship season , " died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness , his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter .   the acclaimed " l.a. law " -- created by steven bochco ( who eventually handed off the series to david e. kelley ) and terry louise fisher -- aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994 .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls   however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mitchell keenan , with his father keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent   they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby   they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl   they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   khalid saeed batarfi poses for photographs inside the governor 's palace in mukalla , yemen , days after he was released from prison by terrorists
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   a year later , park 's life remains at a standstill .   the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .
the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea .
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life   overnight , she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit   but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .
and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   seoul , south korea ( cnn ) on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea .   then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports people 's daily online .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time   he had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down
a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .   mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption   the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals .
quick-thinking : brady olson , a teacher at north thurston high , took down a gunman on monday   no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle , authorities said .   brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .   tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests   the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .
defense denied : a judge ruled wednesday that attorneys for brett robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient   brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa   rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship , thunder from lagos to cover up illegal fishing   environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .
invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .   defeated : napoleon ( illustrated ) lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago   jackson byrnes ( pictured ) is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery   with less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   former immigration minister hakaoro hakaoro , who was jailed in january 2014 for working without a license , has been found guilty of another string of complaints   this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .
86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22   looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & other stories collection alongside the customised shoes
kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu .   there 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake ( of 2010 ) .   driving through the city , there 's not a huge amount of visible damage .
the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 28-year-old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .   a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers .   nicky clark celebrates after putting rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers on sunday   hibs had secured a win over hearts in the edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the light blues knew they had to respond .
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes   but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .
blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run ( pictured ) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it
for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .   zella jackson price ( pictured ) , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   air strikes : it is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen - but so far , the international red cross has not been able to gain entry to the middle eastern country
he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   the outburst unfolded as kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .   a self-confessed neo-nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .
bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .   two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   arrest : tabitha bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather   pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2   the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .
` revenge ' : alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon ( both pictured ) , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .
ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   the conservatives accused mr farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but mr farage has denied his party has made any u-turns on immigration .   but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback ( pictured ) sold for almost four times its estimated value
these men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   the group operates in the embattled syrian city of damascus and their ongoing battle against president bashar al-assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of saudi arabia .
now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   since herman melville penned his novel moby dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   however , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10
