portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's board should be offered a share of the company 's shares .
a court in the indian city of mumbai has found a man guilty of causing death by dangerous driving .
a major fire at a derelict mansion in cheshire has been destroyed , the fire service has said in the city .
police in colombia say they have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a plane crash on sunday .
one of the world 's most famous paintings has sold for # 1.5 m at auction .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that two men have lost their appeal against their convictions for murder .
a hoverboard service is to be built on the isle of wight as part of a plan to boost tourism .
somalia 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered a ban on foreign nationals living in the capital , mogadishu .
when steve campbell was found guilty of being involved in a corruption scandal in his home town of qpr .
police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man was found in a block of flats .
some of the uk 's best - known tea chains are set to go on public display in london .
if you ' ve been using your phone to tell us what you 're going to know about the phone .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman 's body was found in a flat in west belfast .
a denbighshire home is to be built as part of a # 1 m regeneration scheme .
three people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , after a passenger plane crashed on sunday .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says the club are ` ` in the dark '' as they prepare for the premiership play - offs .
arsenal ladies have completed the signing of arsenal women 's super league one club arsenal ladies defender caroline williams .
former rangers captain robbie neilson says he wants to leave dundee united at the end of the season .
a former university building in reading is to be built as part of a # 3 m regeneration project .
a police force in durham is asking parents to keep their children in the hands of their own hands .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at why the lion was killed in zimbabwe .
the european union has launched a legal challenge to the uk 's membership of the eu , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
worcestershire 's batsmen dominated day two of their county championship match against worcestershire at edgbaston .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side can not afford to win the premier league title .
police have released images of an 18-year - old man they want to trace in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a musical based on the west end of leicester is to open its doors for the first time in 20 years .
at least 20 people have been killed in a blast at a factory in the portuguese city of santiago , officials say .
a new children 's choir is to open in gloucester for the first time in more than 20 years .
wales ' first game in charge of euro 2016 ended in defeat by wales at cardiff city on saturday .
yeovil town women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed northern ireland 's sarah howard .
a man has died in a crash on the a72 in west sussex , police have said .
a man 's body has been found in a street in glasgow , police have said , after a body was found .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations were dashed as ivory coast came from behind to beat algeria .
apple has reported better - than - expected quarterly profits , boosted by strong sales of iphones and tablets .
the owners of a waste recycling plant in greater manchester have been given a six - month suspended jail sentence .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial bill aimed at ending the birth of a woman .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has confirmed it will host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
mark selby came from behind to beat ding junhui and reach the world championship quarter - finals .
at least two teachers have been killed in clashes between rival groups in the southern mexican state of guerrero .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to a string of sex offences against a girl .
some of nigeria 's most famous landmarks have been forced to close because of noise and noise , campaigners say .
wrexham have re - signed midfielder liam kelly from wrexham on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
