American billionaire Michael Eisner will address fans on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer for 100% of the promoted League Two club. Shareholders and PST members will vote on the former Walt Disney chief executive's proposals later this month. "I don't think that we should think this is our only chance," Brown said. Eisner, 75, has presented the terms of his offer before a town hall-style meeting at Portsmouth's Guildhall on Thursday. Among his proposals are a further £10m equity investment, as well as the removal of three PST members from the club's nine-strong board. The PST own 48% of the club after helping bring it out of administration in 2013. Rather than instructing shareholders to vote in favour of Eisner's deal, the PST and club presidents have told fans to make up their own minds. "What people need to do is see if it's the right option and the right person," Brown told BBC Radio Solent. "That's the difficulty for people as you're dealing with somebody you don't know. "Thursday is a chance for some people to look him in the eye in a public forum and ask him some questions and we'll see what he has got to say then. "It's a huge decision about the future of the club, one that will define the path in goes on in the next few years. The beauty is that it's the fans that are making it."
Judge DW Deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement. Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. He recently told the court he was not driving on the night of the incident. The actor also said his driver Altaf was driving the car when the crash occurred. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. Late on the night of 28 September 2002, Khan's Toyota Land Cruiser rammed into the American Express bakery in the Bandra area of Mumbai, authorities say. The vehicle ran over five people sleeping on the streets, killing 38-year-old Noor Ullah Khan and seriously injuring three others. Another person received minor injuries. The prosecution has alleged that Khan was driving the car and that he was drunk. The actor, who has always denied the charges against him, recently told the court that he was not drunk and was not driving the car either. Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 Hindi-language films. Several of his films, including Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aap Ke Hain Kaun, have been huge commercial hits.
Several fire appliances were called to the scene at Carnsalloch House to tackle the blaze. One witness reported damage to the main part of the house at Kirkton, with floors and the roof burnt out. The category A listed building had fallen into a state of disrepair and had been described as a target for vandals, fireraisers and drug-users. The mansion house at Kirkton was built in the middle of the 18th Century, with a number of extensions added over the years. From the late 1960s until about 2000 it was owned by the Leonard Cheshire foundation. Plans for a housing development at the site were rejected and earlier this month the developers sought a council review of the decision.
The twin-engined CN235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of Codazzi, in Cesar province, having reported engine difficulties. Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos described the victims as heroes. An investigation into the cause of the crash has been ordered, says the commander of Colombia's air force, Gen Carlos Bueno. Colombian media reported (in Spanish) that local residents said the plane had been struck by lightning. All of those killed were members of the Colombian air force. The CN235 is manufactured by Airbus, who said in a statement that the plane concerned was produced in 1998 in Seville.
Inspired by the lily pond in Monet's garden at Giverny in France, the painting was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. It totalled just under £122m, including £15.2m for Piet Mondrian's 1927 Composition with Red, Blue and Grey. Sotheby's said it proved collectors are still keen to acquire "trophy art". Paintings by Sisley, Picasso, Manet and Kandinsky were also among the 46 works, with only four pieces failing to find buyers as many sold close to the top end of the pre-auction estimates and sometimes above. "The Nympheas selling for such a huge sum is again a reflection that this is still a market that is driven by trophies, that the great works by the major masters are still really sought after," said Philip Hook from Sotheby's. The auction house said the bidding for the Monet work attracted buyers from Asia and all over the world and went on for 10 minutes, going up in £250,000 increments in its final stages. It said the painting, from the "most iconic and celebrated of Monet's painting series, can be counted among the artist's greatest achievements". It once belonged to Paul Durand-Ruel, the legendary art dealer who championed the Impressionists and represented Monet. The same work had been offered for auction in 2010 but failed to reach its reserve price. Sotheby's said this time it had carried a more "realistic" estimate of £20m to £30m. The sale price of £31.7m included a buyer's premium. Two other Monet paintings were also offered in the sale, La Seine a Argenteuil which sold for £8.5m and Antibes, vue du plateau Notre-Dame, which sold for £7.9m.
Five justices in the Supreme Court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at Batang Kali in 1948 by a four to one majority. The families, who say the men were "massacred", had their case rejected by the UK Court of Appeal last year. British forces at the time of the killings said the men were insurgents. In the Supreme Court panel's judgement, one of the justices, Lord Kerr, described the case as "shocking" and said the "overwhelming preponderance of currently available evidence" showed "wholly innocent men were mercilessly murdered". He said it was "with regret" that he dismissed the appeal. "This is an instance where the law has proved itself unable to respond positively to the demand that there be redress for the historical wrong that the appellants so passionately believe has been perpetrated on them and their relatives," Lord Kerr said. "That may reflect a deficiency in our system of law. It certainly does not represent any discredit on the honourable crusade that the appellants have pursued." Another of the justices, Lady Hale, said she would have allowed the appeal and said the UK government "did not seriously consider the most cost-effective form which such an inquiry might take". "They did not seriously consider the "bigger picture": the public interest in properly inquiring into an event of this magnitude; the private interests of the relatives and survivors in knowing the truth and seeing the reputations of their deceased relatives vindicated," she said. The appellants in the case - Chong Nyok Keyu, Loh Ah Choi, Lim Kok and Wooi Kum Thai, two of whom were at Batang Kali as children - were supported by the action group Condemning The Batang Kali Massacre, a campaign in Malaysia that includes 568 civil society organisations. Michael Fordham QC, representing the appellants, told the court that the families wished to "vindicate the legitimate interests of the deceased, in order to achieve justice, before they die themselves". Relatives argued that Article 2 - the right to life - of the European Convention on Human Rights imposes a duty on the UK to commission an independent inquiry, despite the killings occurring before the convention was drafted and signed. It was argued on behalf of the government that the Human Rights Act "does not have retrospective effect and does not impose an obligation to hold an inquiry into deaths occurring several decades before it came into force". The account of the British authorities at the time was that the deceased were justifiably shot while they were attempting to escape from the patrol. An official explanation was contained in a written parliamentary answer in Hansard, published on 26 January 1949. On 11 and 12 December 1948 - when Malaya was still a British colony - 24 villagers were killed by a platoon of Scots Guards during a raid at Batang Kali. The men were Chinese migrant workers suspected by the British of helping rebels during the Malayan Emergency - a conflict between communist guerrillas and British and Commonwealth forces, which lasted 12 years. An investigation at the time cleared the soldiers of wrongdoing, but in 1970 some of the soldiers said the villagers had been executed. In the 1990s, authorities in Malaysia opened an investigation, but it was halted before a conclusion was reached. There have been numerous calls for a public inquiry - all of which have been rejected by the UK.
The company said it was looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea. It said the idea had come from businesses at the island resort who were keen to boost tourism. If confirmed, the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August. Neil Chapman, managing director of Hovertravel, said: "We're always open to new ideas which might boost tourism to the Isle of Wight and we provisionally agreed the concept, subject to gaining the appropriate permissions." The plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27 August. The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details and the use of Sandown Beach for the service.
He made the pledge in a Ramadan message to Muslims, who have been worst affected by the ban. The government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April, saying it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Kenyans Somalis accused the government of blanket punishment. Somalis around the world rely heavily on the firms to do business and send cash to relatives in Somalia, where the banking sector is almost non-existent. Mr Kenyatta, in his message to mark the Islamic holy month, said he had noted proposals to lift the ban on the firms. He had therefore directed the central bank to "immediately issue comprehensive regulations" for the activities of the firms, "upon which their suspension would be lifted". The ban was imposed after Somali militant Islamist group al-Shabab killed 148 people in an attack on Garissa University College in north-eastern Kenya. There has been a similar crackdown on the companies in the UK and US where the governments have adopted strict money-laundering laws making it difficult for banks to deal with them. The United Nations estimates that Somalis in the diaspora, almost all of whom are Muslim, send home about $1.6bn (Â£1.1bn) annually, significantly more than foreign aid. More than 40% of Somalis receive remittances, the bulk of which are used for basic needs, including food, clothes, medicine and education, according to a UN survey. Somalia has not had a functioning government since the fall of Siad Barre's government in 1991, and has been beset by religious and clan conflicts.
Washing his own training kit and playing on sloping pitches is a world away from the life to which he had become accustomed during his career, much of which was spent in England's top two divisions. As recently as March, the 32-year-old was scoring goals in the Championship in front of thousands, but on Saturday he could take to the pitch in front of hundreds as Conference South side Maidenhead host Gosport Borough in the FA Cup third qualifying round. But Campbell will not be turning out for a team that plays in the sixth tier of English football because his career is on a downward spiral. The former Birmingham and Queens Park Rangers player is at Maidenhead to rediscover his love for the game, having come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. The toughest period of his career began one December morning last year, when a knock at the door at Campbell's home preceded a dramatic arrest in front of his family, and did not end until nine months later when he was finally cleared of any wrongdoing. "The whole situation was a joke and obviously depressing," says Campbell. "It was difficult because after all I had worked for, it tarnished my name and even now you still have managers saying this and that. "But I can't change any of that, all I can do is focus on getting back to where I was. Hopefully I can do that." Campbell was one of six people arrested in connection with allegations of fixing in football matches, which came after ex-Portsmouth defender Sam Sodje allegedly told an undercover newspaper reporter he could arrange yellow and red cards in exchange for cash. Sodje was later cleared. Released on bail following his arrest, Campbell tried to focus on his football, but he was loaned by Blackburn to Millwall in January before leaving the Ewood Park club by mutual consent in July. It was the culmination of a difficult time in Campbell's life. Having climbed from non-league to the Premier League with Birmingham, QPR and Blackpool, an increasing number of injuries in recent years - coupled with the spectre of the match-fixing allegations hanging over him - almost became too much for Campbell. "It was all new things to deal with and my dad passed at the same time while the match-fixing rubbish came up, so it was a lot to handle," he says. "I got to the point where I thought 'what is the point?' I didn't need all these problems and for what? "But at the same time I reflected on my career. "I had done a lot to come from nothing and really make something of myself, why would I throw it all away because of this? "There were plenty of people in a worse position than me who would love to play football, so I just decided to get on with it and do what I love." After leaving Blackburn, Campbell hired a personal trainer and took to training on his own in a park. It was during that time he received a call from current Maidenhead boss Johnson Hippolyte - Campbell's friend, mentor and former manager at non-league Yeading, one of the striker's first clubs, over a decade ago. Campbell credits Hippolyte, "Drax" to those who know him, as the man who kick-started his career, having convinced him not to quit football as a teenager after being released by Aston Villa. Consequently, when Hippolyte made a tongue-in-cheek comment about joining Maidenhead, Campbell took it more seriously. "I was waiting for the right club to come along," continues Campbell. "But as time went by I thought about it more and more, and in the end thought 'why not?' "The move will have surprised a lot of people but if there was anyone I was going to play for at this level it would be Drax, we have a lot of history together." There was, though, the issue of wages. Maidenhead clearly had no chance of offering Campbell the kind of money he had been accustomed to during his Premier League and Championship days. But the discussion never came up. "It is not all about the money," Campbell says. "It is about being happy and I have not been happy the last few years with all that has gone on. "It is easy to think all footballers are motivated by money, and I could have signed for a club and just sat on the bench and taken a wage but I decided not to do that. "I've decided to play for Drax and get back to doing what I love doing." Hippolyte adds: "He is not getting paid at all. "The players were really keen for him to stay and play for Maidenhead when he was initially just training with us, so much so that they offered a whip-round for him. "But it was never about the money for DJ, he just wants to play and enjoy himself again, and we want for him to show that he is still hungry and still has the ability." That ability is clearly still there. In front of a crowd of about 400, Campbell scored on his debut last month as Maidenhead beat Faversham Town 4-0 to progress to the FA Cup third qualifying round. To grab a goal in the competition, with Hippolyte watching on from the dugout, will reignite memories of the famous FA Cup run the pair enjoyed at Yeading back in the 2004-05 season. Campbell scored seven goals in the competition to help Yeading reach the third round, where they lost 2-0 to Newcastle. But, having held out impressively for 50 minutes against the Premier League side, with the game broadcast to millions on BBC One, Campbell caught the eye, with Brentford giving the then 24-year-old his first chance in professional football. From then on he flourished, scoring 12 goals in six months - including a double in a 2-1 win against Sunderland in the FA Cup which earned him a move to Birmingham City, then playing in the Premier League. "The FA Cup really put me in the shop window," remembers Campbell. "It made me get noticed because in those days it was tough for non-league players, not many got the chance they seem to do now. "My form in the competition helped get me my move to Brentford. I continued to score lots there and Birmingham manager Steve Bruce was in the crowd when we played Sunderland in the FA Cup. "I think he was looking at another player, but I scored twice and caught his eye, so that was a blessing." With just two qualifying rounds remaining in this season's competition before the first round proper, Campbell hopes to be able to score the goals that could help Maidenhead replicate Yeading's famous FA Cup run from a decade ago. But regardless of whether the Magpies can achieve that, Hippolyte, remembering the talented 16-year-old he first spotted playing in a park near his home, hopes Campbell will not be around long enough to be part of it. "I really wish Saturday is his last game," he says. "In a perfect world he will play for us, score in the FA Cup and get us through and get his move on Monday. "As much as I would love to keep him here, as a father figure he should not be playing anywhere near this level." Considering the FA Cup arguably made his career in professional football, it would only be fitting if the competition now resurrected it.
Police were called to the property in Thornhill Road at about 11:00 on Saturday following the discovery of the body. The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause. A Police Scotland spokesman said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats. Forensic examinations are taking place at the scene and there is an increased police presence in the area. Officers are appealing for any witnesses who may have been in the Thornhill Road area between 17:00 on Friday and 11:00 on Saturday to come forward. Det Ch Insp Jim Smith said: "This is a heartbreaking time for the deceased's family and they are being supported by officers at this time. "We are aware that sounds of a disturbance were heard within a block of flats in Thornhill Road and are keen to hear from anyone who was in that area during the evening of Friday 10th April and into the early hours of Saturday 11th April. "Anyone who saw or heard anything that was out of the ordinary is asked to contact Police Scotland immediately."
The traditional turkey meals are for patients, but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck in to their dinner in a hospital canteen. Across the UK, 12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 Christmas babies. At care homes in England there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat during a break in their shift. Lane House Residential Care Home in Tamworth will be serving turkey with all the trimmings, including roast and mashed potatoes, stuffing, carrots, parsnips, peas, sprouts and cranberry sauce, followed by Christmas pudding served with either custard or brandy sauce. After lunch there will be a 'film afternoon' for the residents, along with a buffet tea of finger sandwiches, scotch eggs, sausage rolls, pork pies and mince pies. At University College Hospital London it will be "business as usual", but with some extra Christmas magic. Ana Veloso, nursing assistant in the acute medical unit, said: "Christmas Day is extra-special. We put up decorations, the nurses wear hats and earrings, and the patients are given presents." At Alder Hey children's hospital in Liverpool. Father Christmas will be paying a visit to the ward. Val Shannon, voluntary services manager at Alder Hey, said: "Christmas should always be special for children and our staff will do everything possible to make Christmas Day as magical as possible for our patients, many of whom are very poorly. "Father Christmas will visit our wards on Christmas morning and every child in the hospital will receive a sack full of presents. "There is also a traditional Christmas lunch, prepared by our ward-based chefs and complete with Christmas crackers. We also try to ensure our patients' families have a special day too, by giving out toys to siblings and providing parents with vouchers for a free meal in the hospital restaurant."
Those were the days, by the way, when phones were for making calls but all that was about to change. “Have you got your hands on this new Apple phone for a piece to camera?” shouted a producer in London. “If not, why not?” . This appeared to be an impossible demand. Steve Jobs had just unveiled the iPhone before an adoring crowd but it was not available for grubby hacks to manhandle. Then I remembered that we had been offered - and turned down for lack of time - an interview with Apple’s marketing chief Phil Schiller. I turned around and headed back to the Moscone Centre. Having located Mr Schiller I asked whether before our interview I might just have a look at the iPhone. He graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring Jony Ive or order 5,000 lattes as Steve Jobs had on stage, I brandished it at the camera for my Ten O’Clock News piece. The following weekend a Sunday newspaper columnist described me as having clutched the phone as if it were “a fragment of the true cross”, and some viewers complained that the BBC had given undue prominence to a product launch. I appeared on the Newswatch programme to defend our reporting and said that some products did merit coverage because they promised a step change in the way we lived - and I mused on whether the Model T Ford would have been a story if we’d had a TV news bulletin back then. Afterwards, I rather regretted saying that - who knew whether the iPhone would really prove as revolutionary as the arrival of mass car ownership? But today that comparison does not look so outlandish. The smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade, putting powerful computers in the hands of more than two billion people and disrupting all sorts of industries. One example is in the photograph at the top of this article. It’s not very good - but then again it was taken by me on a digital SLR camera. In difficult lighting conditions, I struggled to get Steve Jobs in focus on stage. Compare and contrast with a photo taken 10 years later in Las Vegas last week - it was shot on an iPhone but could just as well been captured on any high-end smartphone such as a Google Pixel, and was the work of the same incompetent photographer. This 2017 photo could be instantly shared on social media - the Steve Jobs one stayed in my SLR for days. My point is that the iPhone radically changed the way we thought about photography and a whole range of other activities we could now do on the move. Of course, there were cameras on phones before 2007, just as there were mobile devices that allowed you to roam the internet or send an email. But the genius of Steve Jobs was to realise that without an attractive user interface many people just couldn’t be bothered to do more with their phones than talk and text. So, despite my rather British distaste for the hyperbole surrounding the iPhone launch - expressed at the time in a blog - I now look back and feel grateful to have witnessed a moment in history. Other firms, notably Amazon and Google, are now taking us forward with innovative products imbued with artificial intelligence. But it was on a sunny January morning in San Francisco that the mobile connected era began.
The victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom of the flat in Ross House, Mount Vernon, on Monday morning. The woman, who is 41, has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice. She is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space, and Anglesey's local history collection. Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. Last month, the Welsh Government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order on the former owner of the market hall and the work is being funded by a Â£2.3m lottery grant.
Ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived. Local TV showed the heavily damaged Boeing 727 Allied Air plane lying across a road close to Kotoka International Airport. Ghana's airport operator said the plane, which had flown from Lagos, Nigeria, overshot the runway. It said in a statement that the four crew members were receiving treatment at an airport clinic. "The aircraft collided with a minivan, resulting in 10 confirmed fatalities," the statement added. Police and troops cordoned off the scene following the incident just after 19:00 GMT on Saturday. Ghana's Vice President John Dramani Mahama told reporters at the airport that a thorough investigation would be carried out. "No early conclusions should be drawn. We should allow investigations to arrive at the actual cause. But I can assure Ghanaians that the situation is under control," he said. Ghana Airport Company said flights were continuing as normal at the airport. Kofi Kportufe, head of Ghana's national disaster management agency, praised the emergency services for their quick response, which he said had "averted further disaster". "This is a sad day for Ghana," he said. The BBC's West Africa correspondent John James says Ghana's air safety record has been good in recent years.
Tigers are fifth after a season of struggle which has seen them sack director of rugby Richard Cockerill. They are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish in the league for the first time since the 2003-04 season. "There's a lot more to come from this team," Murphy told BBC Leicester Sport. "Hopefully the Anglo-Welsh Cup can be the catalyst to kick on in the Premiership. There is a long way to go in the season. "I am confident we can make the top four and challenge when everyone is looking around and saying 'what are you doing here?' We can answer that emphatically." Tigers are a point behind fourth-placed Bath with five games remaining, but 11 adrift of Saracens who are third. They have lost seven of their 17 matches, but welcome respite has come in the Anglo-Welsh Cup where they beat Saracens 32-10 in Saturday's semi-final. Murphy, who is part of Aaron Mauger's backroom set-up and has been on the coaching team since retiring in 2013 after 16 seasons as a Tigers player, has taken on a leading role in this season's competition. The 38-year-old said the players fully deserved their place in the final at Twickenham Stoop. "A lot of people have been saying, 'Hold on a second. How did you guys get here? That wasn't in the script'," he said. "We have been really good so far in the competition. We have picked some young guys, some inexperienced guys and some players who haven't had a lot of field time. "We have developed a hell of a lot. We have had different styles of wins. Our opening win against Bath was really tenacious; we had to dig in and fight for everything and we won by a point. "We had a good win against Newport at home where we put some scores on and played more attractive rugby. And we had a tight win against Saints. "We went away to Saracens in the pool stages and lost, but the most impressive thing for me was that we learned the lessons from that game. We went back down there at the weekend and executed a game plan and got into the final. Our forwards had a great game. "The consistent thing from the players who have taken the field is they have been really passionate and have worked hard for each other. "One of the things we have asked of them is to be able look at each other at the end of the game and know they have given it absolutely everything. So far that has been the case."
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club. Coach Pedro Martinez Losa said: "We are very pleased that Alex has signed a new contract with us. Alex is a true leader who brings so much to our team. "She shows professionalism on and off the pitch, providing a great role model for our younger players to look up to."
Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice, where he has been training since pre-season. "I would never say never," the 32-year-old said of the possibility of signing for the Scottish Premiership club. "If they came to me and were interested, I would definitely consider it." Daly spent six years at Tannadice and ended as club captain. "I am currently training at Dundee United," he told BBC Scotland. "When pre-season came about and I still hadn't got a club, I rang manager Jackie McNamara and asked if I could go in. "They are a good club with some fantastic young players. "I would never say never, but United would need to want me first." The United States appears to be a possible destination for Daly. "I am probably looking further afield than Scotland," he said. "I'm looking abroad. "At the moment, there are a few clubs interested, but they have their full forum of allocated players so they need to maybe lose one or two of them before they can move. "It is looking like January before the foreign market can come about, so I might need to get something short term until then." Daly had no regrets about his move to Rangers, who helped the Ibrox side win Scotland's third tier before dropping to the bench for much of last season in the Championship. "I was out of contract with Dundee United and at the time they were only prepared to offer a one-year contract," he said. "When I spoke to Ally McCoist, they were prepared to offer two years. "A lot of people say you are dropping down the divisions, which is a fair point, but it is going to a club of Rangers' stature, history, fan base, playing at Ibrox every second week and training at Murray Park every day. "I was just delighted to go to a club like that and play for a man that I really respected in Ally McCoist."
The listed properties on London Road were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago. The university, which owns the buildings, and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments. Christopher Reeve of the university said the buildings "create a sense of heritage" in the town. If planning permission is granted by Reading Borough Council, restoration work will start in early 2016 and is expected to take approximately nine months.
The poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children. Durham Constabulary wants children to see officers as people who can help rather than simply law enforcers. And the force's poster has been shared more than 47,000 times and liked by almost 35,000 people on Facebook. A force spokesman said: "Children should be taught from an early age that if they feel like are in danger and they need help, they can approach an officer who will reassure them." However, the poster has divided opinion on Facebook. Jeff Rowse said: "Telling them they will go to jail if they are bad is wrong how? Surely that is the major reason for having a police force? And jails?" In response Paul Parry said: "Telling a three-year-old that if he doesn't eat his dinner the policeman will come and take him to jail isn't true and will only serve to instil fear into that child. "The police shouldn't be used to reinforce bad parenting." Others were more taken with the officer, with several people asking for him to be moved to their local force or saying they would happily go to him for help.
Walter Palmer from the state of Minnesota is believed to have paid about ??32,000 to hunt lions in the wild. Cecil, the lion he shot, was a massive tourist attraction and famous in Africa for being relaxed around humans. Mr Palmer said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion was protected. Cecil's death has prompted a huge reaction from many on social media, with tens of thousands of people signing a petition asking for Cecil's killer to be punished for what he did. Hunting lions is not illegal in Zimbabwe, and in many other countries in Africa, but hunters have to have special permits from the government allowing them to kill certain animals. Some people in Zimbabwe also argue hunting can have a positive impact. They say the money paid by tourists can be used for conservation and to create jobs for local people. I don't think people should hunt animals for sport, it's wrong and what did Cecil do to Walter in the first place? Nothing! It's not fair, money can't buy what that lion gave to us, love. If Walter can't see that he should open his eyes and see what really is important in life - money or love? Daisy, Monmouthshire, Wales . I believe that it is a cruel sport that shouldn't be done anywhere because the killing of animals will increase extinction. Even though the killing of animals is still done in certain countries I believe it is a cruel and unforgiving sport. From what has happened I believe that if anyone spends money to slay an animal they should still be arrested. In my opinion if anyone would want to pay to kill an animal I would consider them 'sick in the head'. Ellie, Leeds, England . I think it's wrong to hunt animals for sport because the hunter doesn't benefit from it and it's strange that someone gets a buzz from taking an animal's life. I know people that hunt deer but they do it for food and appreciate the fact that they've had to kill an animal to get the meat. Jake, Essex, England . It's not right to kill animals or hunt them for sport as they have a conscience and mind. They didn't do anything to harm you, so why should you harm them? Jonnie, Buckinghamshire, England . Sport is about feeling good about yourself but killing the eco-system is not a sport especially when a vital animal is killed. Honor, London, England . It is certainly not right to hunt animals for sport. How would the hunters feel if a lion chased after them with a weapon (or, of course, without - those teeth can be deadly anyway)? They'd be scared, stressed, and worried. These animals all have a family to go back to, just like us humans do. We can't keep thinking we're the only living things on Earth that matter. Amy, United Kingdom .
The petition calls on the EU and its member states to stop the talks on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP. It also says they should not ratify a similar deal that has already been done between the EU and Canada. It says some aspects pose a threat to democracy and the rule of law. One of the concerns mentioned in the petition is the idea of tribunals that foreign investors would be able to use in some circumstances to sue governments. There is a great deal of controversy over exactly what this system, known as Investor State Dispute Settlement, would enable companies to do, but campaigners see it as an opportunity for international business to get compensation for government policy changes that adversely affect them. This kind of provision exists in many bilateral trade and investment agreements. Friends of the Earth have published new research on the impact they have had on EU countries. Information about these cases is not always made public, but the group says that going back to 1994, foreign investors have sought compensation of almost €30bn (£24bn) from 20 states. Where the results are known (a small minority of the total), the tribunals have awarded total compensation of €3.5bn (about £2.8bn). In Britain, the possible implications of this provision for the National Health Service have been especially controversial. Campaigners believe that the investor tribunals would make it harder to reverse any decisions to contract services out to international healthcare firms. John Hilary of War on Want said: TTIP "will make it impossible for any future government to repeal the Health & Social Care Act and bring the NHS back into public hands". The petition lists a number of other areas where its signatories believes European standards would suffer if the TTIP negotiations are completed and the Canada deal is ratified: employment, social, environmental, privacy and consumer protection. The European Commission says the EU will not have to sacrifice its high standards. It also says investor protection provisions are important for investment flows and have in general worked well. But it accepts there is a need for improvement and is trying to achieve that in its bilateral negotiations. The petition has been organised as an exercise called a European Citizens' Initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the European Parliament and require the European Commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for. The European Commission has already said that the petition doesn't qualify as such an Initiative. Campaigners have launched a legal challenge to this decision.
But after losing their opening home fixture, 40 overs of play were possible before the weather closed in. It was dominated by Tom Westley and Cook following the loss of Nick Browne. Their unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs, with the stylish Westley making an unbeaten 70, fully justified Essex's decision to bat first, reaching 144-1. He was the more aggressive batsmen, reaching his half century off 64 balls to brighten a gloomy, drizzly day. It was the sixth successive first-class match in which he has passed 50, starting with his appearance for the MCC in Abu Dhabi against county champions Yorkshire in March. England Test captain Cook, who has already scored two centuries this season against Gloucestershire and Sussex, hit seven fours and a six off England team-mate Moeen Ali as he completed a more sedate fifty off 112 balls. Rain and bad light meant the loss of the entire afternoon session following a morning session in which Worcestershire's New Zealand international fast bowler Matt Henry went for 11 off his first over before quickly claiming the only wicket to fall when he had Browne caught behind. Worcestershire assistant coach Matt Mason told BBC Hereford & Worcester: . "It was a frustrating day to watch as a coach because I know anything we do isn't through lack of effort. "But we didn't quite have our discipline with us this morning and probably over-pitched and were a little bit on the full side with deliveries at times. "Credit to them in some ways in trying to get those wickets early but they just didn't quite get it right and it cost us momentum really." Essex head coach Chris Silverwood: . "We were delighted to win the toss. We got off to a good start. It is essential if you want to capitalise when you have won the toss. "We have got ourselves in a reasonable position. I won't count any chickens yet. There is still along way to go. "But hopefully we can restart tomorrow morning and build on the start the guys at the top of the order have given us and see where that takes us."
Media playback is not supported on this device . The Blues boss says his side have "almost" won the Premier League title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge moved them 10 points clear at the top. United dominated possession and had more chances than the league leaders. Mourinho said: "We prepared for it to be like this. It was the game we wanted and expected." Chelsea will be champions if they win at Arsenal and Leicester in their next two matches, having beaten third-placed United with a first-half goal from Eden Hazard. Visiting manager Louis van Gaal said it was his side's "best display of the season" but Mourinho insists it was part of the game plan. "It was difficult, but less than you think," he said. "Control their direct football to Marouane Fellaini and control the wingers from making crosses on the inside foot. "When we know Wayne Rooney plays in midfield, we control his progression into the box. Control set-pieces and don't give away direct free-kicks as they have three specialists. "Wait for a mistake and score a goal. We were able to make their important players disappear. Nobody saw them. They were in our pockets." United went into the match knowing they needed to win for the first time in five league visits to Chelsea to have any realistic hope of winning the title. But, despite big celebrations at the end of the match, Mourinho was careful to point out his side are not champions yet. "We are not celebrating," he said. "Football is not about 'ifs' and 'almosts', it is about mathematics. When it is done, it is done, and until that moment we don't celebrate. "The celebration is because we have beaten one of the biggest clubs in the world. The celebration is because they have everything to win that game and the result is because of the work they did all week to prepare for this game. "I feel we are almost there but there are no 'almosts' in football."
Police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour. He is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal. Several appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of Rangers fans were hung from the stands. The match, which Celtic won 5-1, took place at Celtic Park on 10 September.
It is being performed at Curve theatre in Leicester, the city where Townsend lived and where the book is set. The writer worked on the musical before her death last April and her family have given their blessing to the production going ahead. There will be more than 30 performances over the next four weeks. The author's family were at Curve for the opening night. Her husband, Colin Broadway, said his wife had been "thrilled" to be working on the musical during 2012-14. The role of Adrian is being shared by Lewis Andrews, Sebastian Croft, Joel Fossard-Jones and Toby Murray. The roles of Pandora, Nigel and Barry are each being shared by three actors. This has meant everything has needed rehearsing four times. Executive producer Chris Stafford said: "For us this is something that is the culmination of three and a half years' worth of work, but also we really hope it to be a fitting tribute to Sue, that will really introduce Adrian Mole hopefully to a new generation of audiences."
The victims all worked at the plant 100km (62 miles) east of Porto. The factory's owner was among the dead and several members of his family were either dead or missing, said local mayor Francisco Lopes. Some of the victims were found outside the factory, apparently propelled from the building by the force of the blast. An initial explosion happened shortly after 17:30 (16:30 GMT) on Tuesday, followed by two more blasts, reports said. Five bodies were found late on Tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim some 200m (650ft) from the site, minister Jorge Gomes told Portuguese media. The search was being extended to a radius of 800m, he added, because of the scale of the explosion. The factory was described as a family business. As investigators tried to identify the victims, the mayor said that almost all of the eight caught up in the blast were members of Egas Sequeira's family. Mr Sequeira was among those feared dead along with one of his daughters and a son-in-law, Portuguese media said. The owner's wife had left the building just before the explosion and survived but two other family members were among the missing. Officials were initially unable to enter the site because of the potential risk to their safety. Portuguese President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa was due to visit the scene on Wednesday.
The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. The Dean of Gloucester said including girl choristers would be an "exciting new chapter" in the choir's history. The aim is to find youngsters from local schools and a range of backgrounds who may not have considered singing in a cathedral choir before. Adrian Partington, director of music at Gloucester Cathedral, said the aim is to "discover" some very talented girls. New recruits will play a full part in the cathedral's musical worship, beginning with rehearsals in September before singing at evensong each Monday from October as well as at Christmas and Easter services. The dean, the Very Reverend Stephen Lake, said: "This will ensure that young girls and boys will be lifting their voices in song at Gloucester Cathedral for many years to come." The cathedral is hosting a "come and sing" open day on 9 April with girls and boys aged between seven and 12 invited to experience singing in the cathedral. Auditions for girls will be held on 23 April.
Media playback is not supported on this device . Ian Rush opened the scoring at the Racecourse with a first half tap-in before strike partner Mark Hughes' memorable scissor-kick goal sent the fans into raptures. Legendary striker Rush sealed the comfortable win over the giants of world football but Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 World Cup. Catch BBC Wales Sport's "Wales: The Road to the Euros" - our very special documentary on the history of Welsh football - on BBC iPlayer.
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term, but has been studying at Rider University for the past four years. "I'm incredibly excited to be back playing for my hometown club who I have supported my whole life," she said. "To have the opportunity to play for them in the top division is amazing." Howard graduated two weeks ago with a major in history and a minor in French.
The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve, in Earnley, on Tuesday by Coastguards. Sussex Police said the incident, which took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT, was being treated as a "tragic accident". The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed. A spokesman for Sussex Police said they believed the AAIB would be "leading on the investigation into the cause of the crash".
The man, who has not yet been identified, was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June in St Stephen's subway. Two people saw the man, 29, in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead at 07:00 BST, police said. A post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen and the death was declared "suspicious". Det Insp Marie James said: "We are still trying to create a timeline of the man's final movements and the circumstances which led to his death. "We would particularly like to hear from two people who saw the man in the early hours of Wednesday morning. "Other witnesses have suggested a male teenager, possibly a college student, passed him in the subway at around 05:00 BST and later returned to buy flowers from the flower stall by the subway to leave inside. "The second person we wish to trace is a man who gave assistance at the scene when his body was discovered. "This man is described as being smartly dressed, wearing a jacket and glasses. "I would also appeal again for people to contact me if they know details about any of his friends or family as we have still been unable to trace next of kin despite numerous inquiries."
The new Manchester City striker headed the Elephants in front from a right-wing cross by Max Gradel. Hilal Soudani equalised for Algeria against the run of play early in the second half and then forced goalkeeper Sylvain Gbohouo into a brilliant save. Gbohouo was rewarded when Bony headed in Yaya Toure's free-kick and Junior Tallo set up Gervinho for a late third. The margin of victory flattered Ivory Coast in what was an even contest and before former Arsenal striker Gervinho confirmed the result on the break, they had been under pressure from Algeria. Their defence seemed all over the place at times and semi-final opponents DR Congo will have taken note. Algeria, in the quarter-finals for the first time since 2010, made the brighter start to the contest and almost went ahead in the ninth minute. Yacine Brahimi raced into the left-hand side of the penalty area and the Elephants' defence failed to deal with his cross, allowing Soudani to get in a shot which was well held by Gbohouo. In the 21st minute, Riyad Mahrez volleyed over from close range but then Ivory Coast hit back. Two minutes later, Gradel floated in a free-kick from the left and Serge Aurier's downward header hit the base of the post and then in the 26th minute they took the lead. Gradel was again involved as he delivered a testing cross from the right and Bony escaped the defence to head home from eight yards. Bony shot wide from distance towards the end of the first half before at the other end, Saphir Taider's sharp volley was confidently saved by Gbohouo. The start of the second half mirrored the start of the first with one team dominating but the other one scoring. This time Ivory Coast were the team who started on top but a comedy of errors in their defence after a deep cross into their penalty area finally saw the ball fall to Soudani, who fired it home. That sparked a spell of dominance from the Desert Foxes with Gbohouo twice having to clear his lines before he made an amazing 66th minute save from Soudani's point-blank effort. The momentum changed and two minutes later Bony restored Ivory Coast's lead when he climbed highest to head Yaya Toure's set-piece inside the near post. Algeria piled on the pressure in the closing stages but could not find an equaliser and Gervinho finished them off when he passed the ball into the net.
The Taiwanese firm, also known as Foxconn Technology, posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1.2bn; Â£814m) in the October to December quarter. It also reported a 16% jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT$94.8bn. Foxconn is the world's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients. According to some estimates, orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue. In the October to December quarter, Apple had sold 47.8 million iPhones, up from 37 million a year earlier. Meanwhile, the launch of iPad mini, also boosted sales of its tablet PCs - it sold 22.9 million iPads, compared with 15.4 million in the same period in 2011. However, the heavy reliance on Apple has also raised concerns that Foxconn's growth may slow in the coming months. Some analysts said the rapid rate of growth that smartphones and tablet PCs had seen in recent years could not be sustained. "In most of the developed economies, smartphones are at a mature penetration stage and tablets are pretty close to being at that stage," said Andrew Milroy of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan. Mr Milroy added that Apple had so far not been able to replicate the success it enjoyed in the developed economies in emerging markets. He explained that in the emerging economies, Apple products were still very expensive and out of reach for many consumers. At the same time, Apple is facing increased competition from other smartphone makers in those markets. "They are being hammered by low-cost smartphones in countries such as China," he said. The fear is that if Apple's growth rate slows, it will have a knock on effect on suppliers such as Foxconn.
Firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan Street following the blaze on 2 March, which reduced train services and caused travel delays. The Environment Agency (EA) suspended Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited from accepting waste after the fire. The firm was "broadly compliant" with fire safety law, the fire service said. Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, whose site was run by Asset and Land Group, could not be contacted for a comment. It has until 7 August to appeal the decision. Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) visited the premises nine times in the last 12 months. Geoff Harris, GMFRS area manager, said: "The site operators, Asset and Land, have been broadly compliant with fire safety legislation throughout that time." The fire service raised concerns to the EA in February over the impact a fire could have on nearby residents, transport and the environment. "The EA were very interested in our concerns, which resulted in our fire safety officers conducting joint visits to the site with EA staff, the EA decided to take enforcement action against the site operators," Mr Harris said. An EA spokesman said: "After consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site, the EA has now decided to revoke the environmental permit. "Subject to any appeal, the revocation takes effect on 7 August, which means after that date the company will no longer be able to operate from that site. The company is still required to remove all the waste." The cause of the fire remains undetermined.
It was unanimously passed by MPs in December, but Mr Koroma refused to sign it after protests by religious leaders. After consultations, MPs returned the bill to him last month, unaltered. The law would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks and in cases of incest, rape and foetal impairment up to 24 weeks. Abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances. Human rights groups, including Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and five Sierra Leonean organisations, wrote to President Koroma in February urging him to give the bill his assent. "Unsafe abortions - often resulting from restrictive laws and poor access to sexual and reproductive health services, information, and education - is one of the main factors contributing to maternal deaths in Sierra Leone," their letter said. The World Health Organization estimates that Sierra Leone has the world's highest maternal mortality ratio at 1,360 deaths per 100,000 live births last year. The BBC's Umaru Fofana in the capital, Freetown, says the abortion issue has led to heated debates and protests on both sides. President Koroma has now referred the controversial legislation to the Constitutional Review Committee, which is currently reviewing the constitution. Our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution, which will be put to a referendum. When President Koroma sent the legislation back to parliament in January, he asked for it to be reviewed after consultation with religious and women's groups as it went beyond an African Union protocol on women's rights which only backs abortion in cases of sexual assault and in medical emergencies. Under Sierra Leone's current constitution, the president cannot veto a bill which received a two-thirds majority in parliament, our reporter says. The speaker of the house could sign the Safe Abortion Act into law, but our correspondent says he is highly unlikely to do so as he comes from the president's party. Mr Koroma met leaders from the Inter Religious Council of Sierra Leone (IRCSL), who all oppose abortion, in January, saying they "represent a huge constituency across the country". Catholic Archbishop Tamba Charles, vice-president of IRCSL, reiterated their view at summit on the issue later in the month declaring: "No life can be destroyed on the basis of choice as life is sacred. "If they want to fight for the right of women, then let them be provided with the required medical facilities that will help reduce maternal mortality rate in the country," Sierra Leone's Politico news website quotes him as saying. Our reporter says the recent Ebola outbreak exposed Sierra Leone's weak health system. The country is still recovering from a brutal 10-year civil war, which ended in 2002 and ravaged much of its infrastructure.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) are inviting new bidders for the tournament. Caf say that countries wishing to host the tournament have until 30 September to express their interest. A decision on Libya's replacement will be made next year. African football's ruling body also state that because of the limited time left to organise the 2017 Nations Cup, the Caf Executive Committee will select a host country who can guarantee that accommodation, transportation and hotel facilities, as well as training sites and stadiums already exist. Libya has endured weeks of recent chaos as the government struggles to control former rebel groups who helped topple former leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Libya were originally scheduled to hold the Nations Cup in 2013 but because of the civil war swapped with 2017 hosts South Africa. The north African country had been planning to build 11 stadiums at a cost of $314 million, including a showpiece new 60,000-seater Austrian-built stadium on the site of a former military camp in Tripoli. Benghazi and Misrata were also set to have new major stadiums. Libya's government said last year it hoped the hosting of the Nations Cup would allow it to demonstrate that life had returned to normal in the country and encourage investors. Former World Cup winner Franz Beckenbauer had accepted a role as an "ambassador" to help promote the tournament and the country and the former Spain coach Javier Clemente was hired to prepare their team for the tournament. Caf's decision follows the visit of a delegation from the Libyan FA to Caf's headquarters in Cairo this week. Libya also delayed the scheduled start of their new league season earlier this month because of the fighting while teams competing in international competitions in recent months have been holding home matches in neighbouring Tunisia. In February, Libya claimed their first senior African title, winning the 2014 African Nations Championship (CHAN), a tournament they were originally set to host. The civil unrest in the country meant that the event ended up taking place in South Africa instead. Caf are due to decide the host countries for the 2019 and 2021 Nations Cup finals at a meeting in Addis Ababa on 20 September. Algeria, Cameroon, Guinea, Ivory Coast and Zambia are bidding.
Media playback is not supported on this device . World number one Selby, the 2014 champion, looked impressive as he went 3-0 ahead with half-century breaks in frames two and three. Hong Kong's Fu hit back with a 72, and the pair shared four frames after the mid-session interval. China's Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. Both Ding and Fu are hoping to become the first Asian player to win the sport's showpiece event. But Fu's chances appear fainter than Ding's after a characteristically dogged effort by Leicester's Selby in the best-of-33 contest. World number 14 Fu began anxiously, perhaps affected by the late jitters that saw him surrender a 9-1 lead in his 13-11 win over Barry Hawkins. Selby won a scrappy opener in which both men wasted a couple of chances, and he also took the second frame with a diligent 56. At 3-0 behind Fu made the most of a decent opening to score a well-constructed 72 before pinching a thrilling fifth frame full of incredible escapes, missed chances and numerous flukes. A 31-minute frame then went Selby's way for him to lead to 4-2 before they shared the final two frames, Fu with a fluent 89 and Selby scoring 69. Fu fought back impressively to keep alive his chances of going one better than Thailand's James Wattana - the first player from Asia to reach the last four at the Crucible. In 1993, the same year as the first of Wattana's two appearances, McManus graced that stage of the event for the second time . But, 23 years on, the veteran Scot's hopes of progressing further look slim. Ding was in intimidating form from the start, opening with a break of 100 and scoring two further tons and two half-centuries to go 5-0 up. McManus, at 45, the oldest man to reach a Crucible semi-final since Ray Reardon in 1985, had scored just 47 points. But he showed his tactical nous to win two lengthy frames and get back to 5-2, before Ding ended with a 128. McManus did little wrong in the first five frames, but had every minor mistake punished by the world number 17. Ding had to win three qualifying rounds to reach this stage, but seems to have benefited from the extra table time. The 29-year-old has looked increasingly sharp, and has stayed fresh thanks to his fluent form which earned him an extra day's rest for beating Mark Williams inside two sessions in the quarter-finals. John Parrott, 1991 world champion: "Ding was superb. His break building and his match play has been fantastic. But I think he needed to win the last frame. The way he dominated the session, if he hadn't come out of it at least 6-2 he would have been kicking himself."
Officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend. Last month, eight people were killed in Oaxaca in clashes between the demonstrators and police. The protesters oppose reforms that allow the federal authorities to remove teachers who fail evaluation exams. Members of the CNTE union, which has a history of radical activism, have been blocking roads in Oaxaca and other states ever since the union leaders were arrested in early June. The roadblocks have prevented food deliveries to some remote areas in the region, the government says. "There are no products," says Araceli Hernandez Ramirez, manager of a grocery store in Puente de Coyula. She says she has no rice, corn or flour to sell to her customers. "They go home empty-handed," she said. In a strongly worded message on Friday, Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said the unrest had hurt millions of people and "the blockades and damages to the citizenry must end". "The time is up," he said, warning that "the necessary decisions will soon be taken to allow transit on strategic roads". The CNTE union opposes education reforms introduced by President Enrique Pena Nieto in 2013. The changes include new measures to assess teachers' performance.
The 27-year-old pleaded not guilty at Durham Crown Court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. The winger, who has played 12 times for England, was arrested in March. Johnson, from Castle Eden, County Durham, was released on conditional bail ahead of his trial on 24 August. The three counts of sexual activity relate to a single night in January at two locations in County Durham, while the grooming offence was said to have happened between December and February. Born in Sunderland, Johnson began his career at Middlesbrough before moving to Manchester City and then Sunderland for Â£10m in 2012.
About 10 hotels, pubs and club houses were also closed, officials said. Some estimates put Lagos' population at around 20 million, creating a constant background of noise - from the blaring of car horns, to the Muslim call to prayer and loud singing in churches. The state government has vowed to make the city, the biggest in Africa, noise-free by 2020. Africa Live: More on this and other news stories . In August, the Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LEPA) closed 22 premises after residents complained about noise emanating from them. Following the latest crackdown, its general manager Bola Shabi said the agency would no longer allow people to pray in makeshift buildings and tents. Mr Shabi said noise levels had been reduced by about 35%, but this was not a "pass mark yet". "Enforcement is a continuous exercise and we have set a target for ourselves. We want to ensure that Lagos is noise-free by the year 2020," he said. Mr Shabi said mosques complied with their instructions more than churches because when they are ordered to shut down, they "instantly bring down their speakers or reduce the noise they make''. Nigerians are extremely religious, with a large number of evangelical churches operating in Lagos. Christians form the majority in the city. In 2014, 116 people died when a building owned by popular televangelist TB Joshua collapsed in Lagos.
Harvey, 21, scored five goals in 50 league appearances for the Pilgrims but rejected the offer a new contract. Manager Gary Mills is also considering signing ex-Burton Albion striker Shaun Harrad, who has been training with the Dragons. Harrad is a free agent after finishing the 2015-16 season at Torquay, who are keen to re-sign the 31-year-old. "He's experienced, knows the leagues and has scored an abundance of goals in his career," Mills told BBC Wales Sport. "I managed him at Notts County when he was a younger player so he could well be part of us as well." Full-back Jordan Evans has also been on trial with the National League side following his release from Championship club Fulham. Evans is a product of Wrexham's academy and Mills said the 20-year-old could sign for the club ahead of their opening league game against Dover Athletic on 6 August.
