an indian man has spoken of his shock after being attacked by a shopkeeper in the city of mumbai .
donald trump is one of the most influential figures in the us , and it 's not the republican presidential nominee .
one of scotland 's leading arts organisations has withdrawn its sponsorship of the scottish arts council -lrb- sfr -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died after being hit by a bus in swansea city centre .
a dog had to be rescued by lifeboat crews after getting into difficulty in the sea off the devon coast .
the canadian authorities have arrested two canadians who were arrested in connection with the illegal drug - driving scandal .
torquay united 's home match at home to swansea was abandoned because of the illegal sale of their home game .
` ` if you 're going to die , '' says a man with a rare genetic condition .
warwickshire made it three wins from two in the one - day cup as they beat nottinghamshire by five wickets at edgbaston .
a man has been jailed for two - and - a - half years for throwing a muslim man into a mosque .
wildfires have killed at least 15 people in the south - east of chile , officials say .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has become embroiled in a series of letters from egypt to egypt .
in the wake of the paris attacks , somalia 's prime minister narendra modi has visited the city 's beach .
brazil 's highest court has upheld the death sentence of a woman accused of plotting to overthrow the brazilian government .
joe root and joe root have been included in england 's squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse in england and wales .
us defence secretary sean spicer has been sentenced to life in prison in north korea , us officials say .
barnet came from behind to beat hartlepool and move into the league two play - off places .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria , saying it is ` ` very difficult '' .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- has been banned from competing at the rio paralympics .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to move into second practice at the bahrain grand prix .
more than 1,000 eu citizens in the republic of ireland have been urged to register to vote in the eu referendum .
a theatre in east london is to undergo a # 2.5 m revamp of the city 's theatre .
