mobile phone roaming charges will be introduced across europe , the european union has announced , in a bid to increase the number of roaming charges .
england women secured a place in the women 's six nations with a bonus - point win over wales .
hundreds of people have signed a petition against plans to close a derby swimming pool in a bid to save it .
members of colombia 's largest rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government , the government says .
the number of unaccompanied children in england has fallen by almost a third in the past year , figures show .
us president barack obama has called for an inquiry into the shooting of a black teenager in ferguson , missouri .
leigh griffiths says celtic 's champions league final win over celtic was the ` ` best team in europe '' .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
in the western indian state of uttar pradesh , the bbc 's geeta pandey chouda looks at the moment .
tottenham have completed the signing of tottenham and manchester city midfielder paul walker from tottenham for # 12 m .
more than 1,000 people have been killed in the sea off the coast of sussex in a bid to save lives .
the uk 's top court has ordered the government to review air pollution in its bid to curb air pollution .
first minister carwyn jones has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to brexit .
a police horse has apologised after a ` ` sexist '' was posted on a beach in cornwall .
the mother of a baby boy who was bitten by a dog in south yorkshire has died in hospital .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has been ruled out of the tour of new zealand with a knee injury .
the us supreme court has ruled that president donald trump 's travel ban should be extended to four months .
aberdeen have appointed former scotland under-21 boss edgingson as their new manager on a two - year deal .
archaeologists in egypt say they have found a large piece of palmyra 's ` ` hoard '' of palmyra .
the remains of one of the disappeared have been found in the republic of ireland , the irish defence minister has said .
sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat sheffield united and reach the efl cup second round at wembley .
the northern ireland fire and rescue service -lrb- rhi -rrb- is to be given the go - ahead by the bbc .
partick thistle manager alan archibald says he is ` ` disappointed '' not to sign a new contract .
` ` we ' ve been talking about brexit , '' says iain duncan smith , the former prime minister of the exchequer .
a canadian court has sentenced a canadian student to 15 years in prison for sexually assaulting a student .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the heart of the cameroon football team .
fifa president sepp blatter says he wants to ` ` step down '' the football association 's governing body .
an ex - police officer who was jailed for two years has said he will not appeal against his sentence .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its film will not be released in malaysia .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury has said he wants to ` ` change the sport '' if he wins the 2016 olympics .
activity in the uk 's services sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to a closely watched survey .
a motorist has admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving after a crash in nottingham .
