lego has apologised for allowing lego to be banned from its exhibition in sydney , australia .
teachers should be allowed to take part in the uk 's schools , a think tank has said .
dame judi dench has said she is ` ` devastated '' by being diagnosed with cancer .
a primary school in somerset has announced it will close its doors for the first time in three years .
the uk 's highest court has been criticised by mps for failing to pay compensation to criminals and criminals .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of a new gene that could lead to babies born in the uk .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to the stage , it 's easy to find it .
the university of belfast -lrb- pps -rrb- is to hold a conference in belfast later this month .
a ` ` potentially dangerous '' cat has died after a ` ` chemical spillage '' caused a ` ` fatal chemical '' in a street .
the trial of a man accused of the murder of a student in glasgow has been told by a jury she had been trying to kill him .
the uk 's brexit negotiator has accused the government of ` ` damaging '' brexit negotiations .
south korean carmaker hyundai has agreed to pay $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- to the workers ' company for its vehicles .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the stormont executive 's handling of the northern ireland bill .
a plaid cymru am has been given a suspended sentence for breaching a code of conduct .
norway 's prime minister has said she is ` ` confident '' the country will not be able to cross the border with syria .
mexico and mexico have been fined # 10,000 by the mexican football federation -lrb- uf -rrb- for using racist language .
wales captain sam warburton says he will be ` ` proud '' to face new zealand in the six nations .
a northern ireland rugby player has become the first player to play in italy in a world cup qualifier .
the bitcoin virtual currency -lrb- bitco -rrb- is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin companies .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcso -rrb- has called for a change in the way the scheme is run .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen by almost a third in a decade , in a high court ruling .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died in a hit - and - run crash in south lanarkshire .
