Lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents as part of an exhibition in Melbourne, Australia. Toymaker Lego said it never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. The artist has since been deluged with offers of Lego from supporters. Ai used Lego last year to create portraits of 175 dissident figures who had been jailed or exiled, from Nelson Mandela to Edward Snowden, on the site of the former Alcatraz prison near San Francisco. He planned a similar work for the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, but a bulk order placed by the museum was rejected by the Danish company. The Chinese artist said the company told the museum its bricks could not be used for artworks containing "any political, religious, racist, obscene or defaming statements". Referring to The Lego Movie's slogan "everything is awesome", Ai wrote on Twitter: "Lego will tell us what to do, or not to do. That is awesome!" He added: "Lego is giving us the definition of what is 'political', and all the big corporations are telling us what to love or hate. That is awesome." In an Instagram post, he wrote: "As a commercial entity, Lego produces and sells toys, movies and amusement parks attracting children across the globe. "As a powerful corporation, Lego is an influential cultural and political actor in the globalized economy with questionable values. "Lego's refusal to sell its product to the artist is an act of censorship and discrimination." Lego spokesman Roar Rude Trangbaek would not comment directly on the case but said that, as a principle, Lego "respects any individual's right to free, creative expression". But he added that the company had a long-standing policy not to directly sell to anyone if it knew that its bricks would be used to make a political statement. The artist also linked Lego's stance with plans for a new Legoland in Shanghai. Lego said the theme park was being built by Merlin Entertainment and not Lego, but that Lego does have some ties with Merlin because it uses the Lego brand. Ai Weiwei is known for his criticism of the Chinese government as well as for being one of the world's leading contemporary artists. He was arrested during a crackdown on political activists in China in 2011 and was released without charge after 81 days. The Chinese authorities kept his passport for four years, but it was returned earlier this year.
Such values are ill-defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation, argued Southend head teacher, Robin Bevan. The Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL) voted to monitor the policing of the requirement, introduced in England by the government last year. Mr Bevan said he had concerns about how the values "might be interpreted by a future right-wing government". "When it comes to the new requirement of promoting fundamental British values, including the role of law, here is one law that I would actively encourage you to disengage from", Mr Bevan, head of Southend High School for Boys, urged the union's annual conference in Liverpool. The government brought in the requirement in the wake of the Trojan Horse allegations, which suggested there had been attempts by groups of hardline Muslims to take over schools in Birmingham. Earlier this month a committee of MPs said that apart from one incident in one school "no evidence of extremism or radicalisation was found by any of the inquiries in any of the schools involved". Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", according to the text of the motion debated by the conference in Liverpool. "There is no one in this hall who would argue against the important role that schools and colleges play in promoting personal morality, in developing a sense of civic duty, in fostering engagement with our democratic structures or in embracing a wider global understanding," said Mr Bevan. He said schools and colleges had, for a long time, been required to deliver a broad and balanced curriculum addressing issues of behaviour and conduct and placing this within a developmental framework of spiritual, moral and cultural understanding. "These provisions have existed without controversy for many years and are ample and effective." He accused the rules on British values as "deeply ill-considered" and "political posturing". "In what way do fundamental British values differ, for example, from French or Swedish ones?" They change over time, with women now "allowed" the vote, said Mr Bevan. "If these fundamental British values change over time, we can hardly describe them as fundamental." But, he argued, the problem was not just one of definition. "Just take one moment to imagine how fundamental British values might be interpreted by a future right-wing government, or a partner in that government." He said he was particularly concerned that Ofsted was being asked to gauge the views of students in order to assess how how well schools actively promote these values. There had already been cases of "less-skilled inspectors" doing this in a "wholly-inappropriate way", he told journalists later. In particular he was concerned about the difference between "what is taught and what is learned", with a proportion of every class apt to misunderstand or ignore lessons, be they about trigonometry or British values. "I am not sure the government should ever be in the business of dictating values that should be taught in schools - but students should engage in those debates... plurality, that's the way it should be," said Mr Bevan.
"I can't read anymore," she told the Hollywood Reporter. "I can't paint like I used to. I try to watch movies, but it's quite difficult. "But these are all of the negatives," she added. "What I can do, I do. And I somehow get by." The actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD). The condition, which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK, is the cause of more than half of the registrations for blind and partially sighted people in the country. Dame Judi first revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had suffered from the same condition. But even before her eyesight began to decline, the Oscar-winner said she preferred to have scripts read aloud to her, as Steve Coogan did for the Oscar-nominated Philomena. "I suppose it's the child in me," she said. "I think somebody coming around and telling you a story is irresistible." The actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera, calling retirement "the rudest word in my dictionary". "And 'old' is another one. I don't allow that in my house. And being called 'vintage'. I don't want any of those old words. "I like 'enthusiastic' and I like the word 'cut' because that means you've finished the shot." Dame Judi made her professional acting debut at the Old Vic in 1957 and was an acclaimed stage and TV actress before being cast as M in the rejuvenated James Bond franchise in 1995. Two years later, she appeared as Queen Victoria in the TV drama Mrs Brown, which was picked up by film studio Miramax and became a global box office hit. The film kick-started her Hollywood career, and the relationship with Miramax boss Harvey Weinstein brought Dame Judi her only Oscar to date, for an eight-minute cameo as Queen Elizabeth in the 1998 movie Shakespeare in Love. She has since received Academy nominations for roles in Chocolat, Iris, Mrs Henderson Presents, Notes on a Scandal and, this year, for Philomena. She is currently in India filming The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2, but her best-known role continues to be James Bond's boss. But, after playing a pivotal role alongside Daniel Craig in Skyfall in 2012, the actress left the part behind, bequeathing it to Ralph Fiennes. "My role as M is over," she told The Hollywood Reporter, "but having had 17 years I think, probably, I would have been given the sack by MI6 already. So it's someone else's turn." On a lighter note, the star also revealed that she had, on more than one occasion, brought her pet goldfish back to life. "I've given the breath of life to [him] twice," she said. "He's now about 8 inches long - almost a full shark - and yes, twice, I breathed into his mouth. He's now called Lazarus."
The trustees of Wykeham House School in Fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt. A statement blamed falling numbers and said most children had found alternative schools. The school offered single sex teaching for both boys and girls, charging fees of up to Â£4,100 per term. Both the boys' and girls' sites are to close. Wykeham House School was established, initially as a girls' school, in 1913 and has about 120 pupils. A new boys' senior school site opened in September 2014. Its website said the school prided itself on its "small classes and nurturing environment". Chair of trustees John Charles, said: 'We are sorry to be closing the doors on such a wonderful school. "We have worked hard to explore different options to secure a future for our school but in the face of reducing pupil numbers and a shrinking market place for single sex education we have had to take the sad decision to close the school.' The school statement said it would close at the end of the autumn term.
Since April, convicted criminals in England and Wales have had to pay a charge of between £150 and £1,200 towards the cost of their case. MPs on the justice select committee said the charge, which is not means-tested, created "serious problems" and was often "grossly disproportionate". Ministers said it was under review. The fee is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges, and is higher for those convicted after pleading not guilty. It is set according to the type of case, with the minimum charge for magistrates' courts and the maximum level for crown court cases. In March, the then Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said the fee would ensure that criminals "pay their way". But chairman of the cross-party committee Bob Neill said: "The evidence we have received has prompted grave misgivings about the operation of the charge, and whether, as currently framed, it is compatible with the principles of justice." He added that "in many cases it is grossly disproportionate" and created "perverse incentives - not only for defendants to plead guilty but for sentencers to reduce awards of compensation and prosecution costs". The committee's report said the lack of discretion for judges and magistrates on the level of the charge was creating "unacceptable consequences within the criminal justice system". It cited the case of a woman who had admitted stealing a four-pack of Mars Bars worth 75p, saying she "had not eaten in days" after her benefits were sanctioned. She was ordered to pay a £150 criminal courts charge on top of her £73 fine, £85 costs, a £20 victim surcharge and 75p compensation. The committee also said it was "highly sceptical" of government claims that the charges could deliver a net revenue of £80m to £160m a year by 2023 - with an annual cost of collection of about £20m and a £5m bill for imprisoning defaulters. The Ministry of Justice said the concerns were noted and the operation of the fee was being kept under review. It comes after Justice Secretary Michael Gove told Parliament earlier this month that the charge was generating revenue and helping to "ensure that the taxpayer is not the first port of call for supporting the way in which our courts operate". But Frances Crook, chief executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, said the criminal courts charge was "unrealistic and unjust" and called on the Ministry of Justice to "suspend this policy immediately". "The innocent have been put under pressure to plead guilty, and ordering indigent people to pay money they simply do not have is never going to work," she said.
Mutations of the NR5A1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men, reports the American Journal of Human Genetics. Scientists from the Pasteur Institute in France and University College London said it could help doctors investigating men with the condition. A UK expert said he hoped that further gene defects could be found. In the majority of cases, doctors can find no cause for male infertility, despite it accounting for up to half of cases in which couples have difficulty conceiving. Male infertility appears to be more common within certain families, and this leads scientists to believe that there may be a genetic root for some cases, but only a handful of gene mutations which might be responsible have actually been found. The latest research looks at a gene already known to be involved in sexual development in both men and women - defects in NR5A1 have been linked to physical defects in the development of the testicles or ovaries. Their findings suggest that, even where there is no physical evidence of a problem, defects in the gene may be hampering the ability to make sperm. They looked at the gene in 315 apparently healthy men who had an unexplained inability to produce sperm. From this group, they found mutations in the gene in just seven, and closer examination revealed the men had altered levels of sex hormones and, in one case, mild abnormalities in the cellular structure of the testicles. The research authors, from the UCL Institute of Child Health in London and the Institut Pasteur in Paris, said: "We conclude that approximately 4% of men with otherwise unexplained failure to produce sperm carry mutations in the NR5A1 gene." Although the find would affect only a small proportion of infertile men, other specialists believe that other similar discoveries could help build up a clearer picture of the origins of the condition. Dr Allan Pacey, a senior lecturer in andrology at the University of Sheffield, said that there was still "embarrassingly little" known about the genetics behind male infertility. "Given the complexity of the sperm production process it is likely that many genes are involved and therefore that may gene defects linked to infertility may be found. "Although this gene defect affects only a small number of men, we need more studies like this so that we can fill in the gaps in our knowledge and possibly one day build a robust diagnostic test for male fertility based on genetics."
It's part of the show's 30th anniversary week, so two good reasons for a party. Here are some tips on how to throw the perfect bash... It may be a poor substitute for Albert Square, but choose a character to dress up as and pop down the local market to pick your outfit. Will it be Whitney, will it be Max, will it be Ian? Whoever you pick, gold hoop earnings, plastic leather jackets, fake fur and tracksuits could be on the shopping list. You won't go far wrong with a chef's apron either. Fill your basket with cheap crisps, sweets and drinks. You may not be on first name terms with the cashier, or get into a row while you're in there, but if you try really hard you may just believe you're in the Minute Mart. For the main course, it's just got to be fish and chips. In honour of the Beale family, make it plaice. Make your guests really feel like they're stepping into Albert Square. A street sign on the front door, framed pictures of the cast around the room and the EastEnders theme tune on a loop would certainly help set the mood. If you really want to push the boat out, why not create your own Queen Vic, complete with a bar, a royal sculpture and a licence above the door? No Who Killed Lucy Beale party would be complete without some sort of competition to guess who the culprit actually is. Whoever gets the killer right, gets the prize. Yay! Sure, this may just be a bit of fun but at the heart of all this is the loss of a young woman's life (sort of). Yes, she had a history of causing trouble and getting up people's noses, but do take a minute to remember Lucy Beale. RIP Lucy, never forgotten. We are in no way condoning physical violence, but come on, no EastEnders event would be complete without a bit of a verbal bust up. After the big reveal, just let all that vent up frustration out of your system. Frowning all night and generally being a bit glum could also help you get in the mood. Have fun! In true EastEnders style, after the party, head to a trendy club around the corner. Ideally, you'll know practically everyone in there and the music will be so quiet you'll hear what the bloke at the end of the bar is saying. You'll probably get into a row with whoever's serving the drinks as well. Now you're really getting into the spirit of it. If you're nursing a sore head the next morning after all that "loud music", get down to your local greasy spoon for a fry up. And hopefully it will stop you feeling like this... Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube .
It was due to be held at Queen's University in Belfast in June. In an email to delegates, the university's vice chancellor Patrick Johnston said he had made the decision on Monday that the event would not proceed. He cited concerns about the security risk for delegates and about the reputation of the university. The symposium: Understanding Charlie: New perspectives on contemporary citizenship after Charlie Hebdo, was due to be hosted by QUB's Institute for Collaborative Research in the Humanities. Twelve people died when two brothers, Said and Cherif Kouachi, fired on the journalists on 7 January at the satirical magazine's offices in Paris. Five others were killed over the two following days by one of their associates.
The charity said tests confirmed all of the cats near Victor Avenue, in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, had ingested the toxic substance. In the most recent case, seven-month-old Meereen died on Monday. An RSPCA spokesman said it was unclear whether the poisonings were accidental or deliberate. Updates on this story and more from Leicestershire . Three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days, while another cat died two weeks ago. Meereen's "devastated" owner, Adria Pearce, said the cat came home on Friday evening and "seemed to be shivering a little". "I haven't been able to stop crying since she died," she said. "We found her behind the sofa, where she was foaming from the mouth and trying to be sick." Meereen was taken to the vets - where it was confirmed she had consumed antifreeze - and died three days later. RSPCA inspector, Andy Bostock, is appealing for everyone in the area to ensure pesticides and chemicals were stored safely. "We are very concerned," he said. "It is the time of year where people use antifreeze in their cars, so if you do, please make sure there are no leaks and any spills are cleaned up properly."
Forensic expert Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter, who deny attacking Russell Findlay. The High Court in Glasgow heard she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that had contained acid. The jury was told DNA matching Mr Burns was found on the jacket. Prosecutor Richard Goddard asked Miss Williamson: "When you examined the jacket you obtained a DNA profile which matched William Burns," and she replied: "Yes." Ms Williamson told the court that she also examined the handle of the knife found at the scene and said the major DNA contributor was Mr Porter. The court was told the odds on the DNA belonging to anyone else not related to the men was a billion to one. Defence counsel Susan Duff, representing Mr Porter, said: "There are a number of ways DNA could have got there," and Ms Williamson said: "Yes." As well as working for the Sun newspaper, Mr Findlay is the author of books about Glasgow crime gangs. Mr Findlay has already given evidence alleging that a man claiming to be a postman came to his door at 08:30 on 23 December 2015. The journalist said the man, whom he identified as Burns, threw liquid onto the right side of his face and right eye. The jury has heard from an eye specialist that Mr Findlay's sight could have been saved by a neighbour dousing is face with water. Mr Burns, 56, and Mr Porter, 48, also deny attempting to murder Ross Sherlock by shooting at him repeatedly near St Helen's Primary School in Bishopbriggs on 24 September 2015. The trial before Judge Sean Murphy QC continues.
Theresa May said EU leaders' remarks showed it was "absolutely right" for the UK not to have acted unilaterally. EU Council president Donald Tusk has said there can be no "reciprocal" deal on expats until formal talks begin. He was responding to criticism from Tory politicians who accused EU figures of "standing in the way" of a deal. Replying to a question in the Commons from Conservative MP Peter Lilley, Mrs May said she hoped the issue would be examined early during the Brexit negotiations, which cannot begin until she has triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The PM said it was "right" to give reassurance to both sets of citizens, adding: "But I think the reaction that we've seen shows why it was absolutely right for us not to do what the Labour Party wanted us to do, which was simply to give away the guarantee to rights of EU citizens here in the UK, because as we've seen that would've left UK citizens in Europe high and dry." The letter from 81 mostly Conservative MPs and peers called for a speedy resolution and pointed the finger at EU Brexit negotiators for holding up a deal. It said members of the European Commission appeared "worryingly indifferent" for British and EU citizens and called for discussions to "move forward quickly". "People are not bargaining chips," it said. "Human being are not cards to be traded 'tit for tat' in a political playground." In response, Mr Tusk said their criticism had "nothing to do with reality". He said the vote for Brexit - not the stance taken by EU negotiators - had created "anxiety and uncertainty", saying the best way to "dispel the fears and doubts of all the citizens concerned" was to trigger Article 50, which begins a two-year negotiation process. The EU was ready to begin talks as soon as Article 50 was triggered, he said. There have been calls from some MPs for the government to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals in the UK, but ministers have said this must form part of a deal with other member states for Britons living overseas. In the House of Lords, Home Office Minister Baroness Williams of Trafford quoted Mrs May's comment from PM's questions and said the "only circumstances" in which it would not be possible to protect the status of EU nationals in the UK would be if "British citizens' rights in the other EU member states were not protected in turn". The government's stance was criticised by Lib Dem Baroness Ludford, who said there was cross-party support for a unilateral commitment from the government. This would be the "morally right thing to do" she said, adding that the 27 other EU member states would then find it impossible not to match the UK's offer.
More than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown which was triggered after the two houses of Congress did not agree on a new budget. Hyundai said affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief "for as long as they are out of work". Employees looking to buy a new car will be given a 90-day payment deferral. "We recognize the impact on family budgets that the furlough will drive," John Krafcik, chief executive of Hyundai Motor America, said in a statement. Hyundai had offered a similar scheme, the Hyundai Assurance programme, during the peak of the global financial crisis four years ago to help consumers who had lost their jobs. Many analysts have said that the move had helped the South Korean firm win customer loyalty and boosted its sales in recent years. The company said that its latest offer to help the federal employees was an addition to that programme and aimed at "helping workers at a time when they most need it". "Like we did almost four years ago when we launched Hyundai Assurance, this is our way of saying 'We've got your back' during this uncertain time," Mr Krafcik said. Under the latest offer, Hyundai will extend all auto loan and lease payments during the shutdown for current Hyundai owners who are put on unpaid leave. The programme is available to all customers who have financed their purchase or lease through Hyundai Finance America.
The first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon. Mr Gordon edited the BBC's Nolan Show. The Newsletter has discovered the law was changed using the highly unusual procedure to enable the post to be filled without being advertised. The Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt, who is the leader of the Opposition at the Northern Ireland Assembly, said he was not made aware of the move. Jim Allister, leader of the Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV), accused First Minister Arlene Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness of "flagrantly breaching due process". "How many spin doctors does Stormont need? They already have 161," Mr Allister told the Newsletter. "How ironic that the latest appointee is the very person who hitherto would have railed against and exposed the contrived process by which he was appointed." When contacted by the BBC, Mr Gordon said he could not comment on the issue. A spokesperson for the Northern Ireland Executive Office said: "It is normal practice in politics in London and Dublin as well as other devolved governments for ministers to select the people who provide them specialist communications advice. "Those trying to throw dirt know that very well. "The appointment of the executive press secretary is in full accordance with the powers at the disposal of the first minister and deputy first minister and they make this Order under the powers conferred on them by section 23 (3) of the Northern Ireland Act 1998." The office's spokesperson described the reaction from opposition politicians as "panic and hysteria". Mr Gordon is also a former Belfast Telegraph journalist and following his appointment on Tuesday, the first and deputy first ministers expressed delight. They said they wanted their new press secretary to provide them with expert advice and spearhead the communication of Stormont's policies. However, the method used to hire him has raised questions from serving and former public appointments commissioners. The current public appointments commissioner Judena Leslie has written to the head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service over the appointment. In a statement on Friday, she said: "It is in the public interest that the principles of openness and transparency are adhered to."
Gary Price was suspended from all council duties for five months in November after Powys council's Standards Committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct. His appeal has been dismissed by the Adjudication Panel for Wales following a two-day hearing in Llandrindod Wells. Mr Price has been contacted for comment. He was found to have sent information which the council said "incorrectly and unfairly" portrayed what happened at a grievance appeal hearing, in which he was a panel member. The Adjudication Panel for Wales unanimously agreed to refer the matter back to the Standards Committee with a recommendation that Mr Price be suspended for three months. Council leader Barry Thomas said the decision "sends out a clear message that those who enter public office have to operate within the members' code of conduct and maintain the highest possible standards".
A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday next year. The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak. But Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said that sadly she had had to turn down the idea because the country's constitution prohibited any sacrifice of Norwegian territory. Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms its current highest point - but the peak is 20m (66ft) across the border inside Norwegian territory. Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit, at 1,330m (4,363 ft), to Finland, saying the change would be barely visible on the map. They had argued that the peak "would be a wonderful gift to our sister nation" to mark its independence from Russia, and not a big loss to mountainous Norway, which has much higher peaks. The campaign's Facebook page got 17,000 likes, with support from both sides of the border. But it hit upon an insurmountable legal issue. "Border adjustments between countries raise challenging legal problems, among them linked to the Norwegian constitution," Ms Solberg wrote to Svein Leiros, the mayor of the town of Kaafjord in northern Norway, who supported the campaign. Norway's 1814 constitution stipulates that the country is "indivisible" - and apparently not even an area the size of a football pitch can be split off. "We will instead consider another suitable gift to Finland on its anniversary," the prime minister added.
The move comes after Mexico drew their opening Confederations Cup game 2-2 with Portugal in Russia. Fifa has since warned the FMF about "insulting and discriminatory chants" and said it could take further action if it happens again. Mexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying because of homophobic chanting. Some fans of Mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick which is argued to be homophobic. "As you know, Fifa is very serious about the chanting that we do when the goalkeeper takes a kick, and the possible sanctions are serious," said a statement from the FMF. "Our efforts on the pitch will come to nothing if, because of this (behaviour), we lose the match, the game is suspended or you are expelled from the stadium. "We lose, you lose, everyone loses."
Wales have not beaten the All Blacks in 26 matches since 1953 and the world champions are undefeated at Eden Park since 1994. Flanker Warburton, who starts after a shoulder injury, returns to the ground for the first time since being sent off for a tip-tackle in the 2011 World Cup semi-final defeat by France. "He who dares wins," Warburton said. Wales are yet to beat New Zealand on their own turf and the All Blacks have won their last 34 games at the Auckland ground. The match will be New Zealand's first since beating Australia 34-17 in the 2015 World Cup final. Steve Hansen's side are favourites to win the three-Test series, but Warburton, 27, says Wales must take the game to the home team. "There are going to be opportunities in the game where it might be on to go out the back or it might be on for somebody to blitz. If it comes off it pays dividends," he said. "You're going to have to take a few risks on Saturday, you can't be conservative and expect to win." Wales coach Warren Gatland added: "When the opportunity arises, we've got to be expansive, we've got to take risks and we've got to play rugby. Often the difference between one side and the other is just a bit of magic." Warburton's controversial red card against France in 2011 came as Wales' World Cup dream ended with a 9-8 defeat. But the British and Irish Lion says returning to the scene of heartbreak will not play on his psyche. "There's so much water under the bridge since then. That never even crosses my mind," said Warburton. "This is a brand new challenge, to play the All Blacks out here." Warburton has not played since 30 April and is one of five changes to the team beaten by England last month. The Cardiff Blues forward says he has benefited from his time on the sidelines. "It's actually been a little bit of a blessing to freshen me up a bit, to top up the fitness levels," he said. "I've been doing running for a long time now so fitness won't be an issue. "Compared to the other injuries I've had it'll be a much easier transition back into Test rugby."
Ray Houghton's tumbling goal celebration at the 1994 World Cup and Salvatore Schillaci's whoops of delight after scoring in the same fixture four years earlier are snapshots of the fervour on display. Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades, and can boast connections linking all three. He was brought up in Belfast, educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley. "I always supported Italy in football and Ireland in rugby as I went to school in Dublin at Blackrock," he said. "Italy comes just a wee bit above the Irish, my mother was Irish and my dad was Italian. "My brother, Carlo, supported Inter Milan and the other three brothers, myself included, supported AC Milan. "I remember in 1990 when Italy won against Ireland at the World Cup, someone threw a brick through the window of a brother's shop in Belfast. "My favourite Italian players have been Cesare Maldini and his son Paolo. I saw Cesare play for AC Milan in the 1963 European Cup final in London against Benfica, I went over to the match with my brothers. "I also went to the Rome derby once between AS Roma and Lazio - I don't know all the Italian curses, but there was a lot of swearing around me. "My brother Carlo played for Distillery, Cliftonville and Portadown in the Irish League. "At Portadown he was a teammate of Wilbur Cush who went on to play at the 1958 World Cup for Northern Ireland." Angelo and his brothers witnessed the infamous 'Battle of Belfast' in December 1957, when Northern Ireland and Italy drew 2-2 in an explosive encounter at Windsor Park. Juan Schiaffino and Alcides Ghiggia, who scored Uruguay's winning goal in the 1950 World Cup final before becoming a naturalised Italian, both featured in the game. It was invalidated as a World Cup qualifier after the Hungarian referee Istvan Zolt's flight was held up by fog, but its new designation as a "friendly" did not stop tempers boiling on and off the pitch. "We all, as brothers, went to the game against Northern Ireland in Belfast in 1957, we were all there supporting Italy and it was a shambles," Angelo said. "It was supposed to be a World Cup match, but the referee did not turn up. "In those days, the goalkeeper in Italy was sacrosanct and was not to be touched. Northern Ireland forward Peter McParland tackled the goalkeeper and took him out, the match turned on that. "When the fans invaded the pitch after the match, they got one of the full-backs on the ground, Harry Gregg and some of the other Northern Ireland players got round him and shielded him." Angelo also recalled how both sets of players met up at a dance hall venue in north Belfast after the game. "There was a big do at the Floral Hall at Bellevue, which was attended by players from the Italian and Northern Ireland teams," he added. "We as brothers sold tickets for the dance that night. The Northern Ireland players that were there included Peter McParland, Danny and Jackie Blanchflower and Wilbur Cush. "The Italian players that were there included Juan Schiaffino and Alcides Ghiggia . "The match was rough, but when it is over, it is over and the players move on." Paul Loughran is one of 24 fans from the West Belfast Ireland Supporters Club who will be travelling to the Euro 2016 finals. He said a number of them would be attending the Italy v Republic of Ireland game on 22 June near Lille and highlighted the history that linked the two teams. "It is always a good match, there is always a lot of excitement and tension for both sets of supporters and across the generations," he said. "Ireland had Giovanni Trapattoni as manager, he was born on St Patrick's Day so that was his Irish connection, he also had Marco Tardelli who was Italian, as his assistant. "Liam Brady was a big player for Ireland and he also played for Juventus in Italy and Trapattoni managed him there." Angelo, meanwhile, is just happy to soak up the occasion, whatever the result. "It is great that that the three of them are there, (Italy, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland) - it doesn't happen very often."
Mike Hearn, a Zurich-based developer and long-time proponent of Bitcoin, surprised many this weekend when he published a blog calling Bitcoin a "failed" project. Mr Hearn, who had until recently been working on new software for the currency, says he has now sold all of his own bitcoins and will no longer take part in the crypto-currency's development. So, is Bitcoin doomed? Bitcoin is a crypto-currency - a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned. Computers have to solve cryptographic problems in order to add blocks to the blockchain - a ledger that records every transaction that has ever occurred with Bitcoin. In return, those computers receive bitcoins in a process known as bitcoin "mining". Users have a "bitcoin address", to which bitcoins may be sent or from which they may be used. Addresses are stored online in wallets that function like bank accounts. Although most people refer to Bitcoin as a currency, it is worth noting that for regulatory reasons many countries - including the United States - have decided to define it as a commodity instead. The biggest issue most bitcoin users acknowledge is how quickly new transactions can be processed. The size of blocks being added to the blockchain has been increasing steadily with the rise of Bitcoin. As a result, the rate at which transactions can be processed has been slowing. Indeed, some transactions face significant delays, hampering payments. Some fear the network will eventually become oversaturated and cease to be usable. Mike Hearn is a software developer who has worked on Bitcoin technologies for over five years. In 2014, he left his job at Google to focus on Bitcoin full time. He has worked closely with Bitcoin chief scientist Gavin Andresen on alternative software for Bitcoin called Bitcoin XT, which aims to address capacity issues facing the network. Mr Andresen is generally thought of as next in the chain of influence over the currency's development after Bitcoin's mysterious founder, Satoshi Nakamoto. Currently, each block can be no more than 1MB. But in May last year, Mr Andresen said bigger ones should be adopted. He later wrote, "It is more likely people [will] just stop using Bitcoin because transaction confirmation becomes increasingly unreliable." The Bitcoin XT version developed by Mr Hearn, Mr Andresen and others offers to increase the block size limit to 8MB . There are alternatives, however. Nic Cary, co-founder of Bitcoin start-up Blockchain, points to BitcoinClassic, which would increase the block size limit to 2MB. Bitcoin's history as a "decentralised" currency has led to much hesitation over decisions that might change its fundamental nature. Any proposal relating to Bitcoin is likely to encourage fierce debate and, in some cases, stagnation. Some have argued vehemently against Bitcoin XT, causing a deep divide in the community. The New York Times has reported that death threats had even been made against some Bitcoin developers. Mr Cary says the need to update the block size limit is not as urgent as some say. "This is a matter of perspective," he told the BBC. "The Bitcoin network has been updated safely dozens of times and will continue to be the most reliable, affordable, and efficient way to send value around the world." However, there are some who feel that Bitcoin's potential as a currency has already been exhausted. "I'm sure there are smart people right now working out what the next generation [of Bitcoin] should look like but I have to say I'm not convinced that money or payments is the optimum [use] of the technology," Dave Birch, a director at consultancy firm Consult Hyperion, told the BBC. Part of the problem was the lack of consensus over what Bitcoin was and how it should be used, he added. Bitcoin's price fell quite sharply over the weekend, following the publication of Mr Hearn's blog. One bitcoin is now worth $380 (Â£265), down from about $430 on Thursday. However, the price of Bitcoin is notoriously volatile. It has been classed as the best performing currency in the world in 2015. But authors of that analysis, The Money Project, also noted it was the worst performing currency the previous year. Besides price, Bitcoin has also suffered from a litany of cases in which bitcoins have been stolen from online exchanges in which they were stored, in some cases due to negligence or poor security. Such incidents generally result in a complete loss of funds for the victims, since it is very difficult to trace where stolen bitcoins have been transferred. Meanwhile, the currency continues to grow - a sign of good things to come, say many. Bitcoin remains popular. There is still huge interest in developing both the currency and technologies based on the blockchain idea of recording data. It seems unlikely the currency will collapse overnight. But it certainly look as though fundamental questions over how Bitcoin works are now coming to a head. Whether the community that uses and supports Bitcoin will be able to come to a consensus on these matters remains to be seen. Mr Hearn has lost faith in the project, of that there is no doubt. But many others are refusing to throw in the towel just yet. Update: This report was changed on 19 January 2016 to clarify that some payments can take a considerable time to be processed rather than not going through at all.
Olly Martins said the force, which has to save Â£7.5m over the next two years, spends Â£3m a year on its buildings. But changes in policing technology meant officers could now share facilities, he added. The Police Federation said it would be concerned that officers in shops may look "unprofessional". Mr Martins said many of the county's police buildings were in need of refurbishment and no longer in the best position to serve the public, while others were under used. An online public survey opens on Friday to asses residents' views. The survey answers will help gauge support for replacing some stations with more accessible facilities in public areas such as public buildings and supermarkets. The PCC said operational policing was already running at maximum efficiency, so he must look to other areas. Changes to modern policing due to the use of technology, meant "innovative ways of increasing access to the police while reducing overheads" could be considered, he added. "In the future officers will be able to carry out much of their communications and administrative tasks while on the move, which reduces the demand on premises and increases their visibility," he said. He said no decisions had been taken yet but "tough choices" needed to be made. Ray Reed from Bedfordshire Police Federation, said he was not resistant to change, but "had concerns" over response times and perception. "People already complain about response times and if you close down stations it will make things worse," he said. "Plus I would be worried about how police would be perceived in supermarkets, it may look unprofessional. "And [in public buildings] there is a risk element as you may get someone becoming aggressive in full view of the public. "[Police carry out] sensitive functions in the community and we have to think how and where we place them."
What did the court say? Until now, those employing mobile workers who had to travel to get to or from their first or last appointment of the day were not required to count that time as work. On Thursday, the European Court of Justice judgement ruled those without a fixed or habitual office should consider the time they spend travelling between their homes and the premises of their first and last jobs as part of their hours for the day. The ruling relates to the Working Time Directive - the European initiative which caps the working week at 48 hours. In the UK, employees have the option of opting out of the directive. I'm a care worker who travels to different patients' homes. Am I affected? Possibly, yes. Employees who fall into the category loosely defined as "mobile workers" - those who habitually travel to different places of work - could be affected. Simon Bond, an employment specialist at Higgs and Sons solicitors, says the most obvious group to fall under this definition is carers not already paid for travelling to their first and last jobs. Sales people who travel between sites and employee workmen and women, such as plumbers or electricians, could also fall into this category. As many as 975,000 people in the UK could fall under the remit of the ruling, says Paul Sellers, a policy officer at the TUC. And some employees could be working an extra 10 hours a week once travelling time is counted, Chris Tutton, an employment lawyer at Irwin Mitchell, adds. I travel a lot for work, but I have a permanent office . The ruling is less likely to affect people who work both in an office and remotely. If your contract includes a permanent base, you are unlikely to be able to successfully argue you are a mobile worker, Mr Sellers says. There may, however, be cases where it is possible to argue that a permanent base is meaningless because of the length of time spent outside the office. I have to commute two hours every day to my office . For those with a permanent office (however lengthy your commute), this ruling will not have an effect. Mr Sellers says this final group is the "overwhelming majority" in the UK. I think I'm affected. Should I expect a pay rise or a change in my hours? The ruling could eventually affect pay. Unions say the ruling does not directly deal with remuneration, focussing instead on working hours and conditions. But it is possible the European judgement will be used in UK courts to challenge employers who pay an average hourly rate under the minimum wage (once travelling time is taken into account). That could mean employers facing increased wage bills and raises an outside chance costs for some services, such as cleaners who have to travel and are paid a low wage, could go up. It could also lead to a change in working patterns - especially for those who do not choose to opt out of the 48-hour maximum. "I think some employers will look at where they're sending staff - they might try to make sure that the first and last shifts are as close to home as possible because they don't want to eat into that working time that they have," Mr Tutton said. We have been contacted by BBC News website readers in response to the European judges' ruling. Here is a selection of their comments: . This is great news for the likes of me and my engineers. We work in the telecoms industry visiting multiple sites daily. We don't get paid travel time but are expected to be onsite for 9am and leave the last site at 5pm wherever that may be. If the sites are two hours away from home this adds four hours to our day that we don't get paid for, so we do a 12-hour day for eight hours work. Steve Carroll, Manchester . I am a sales rep. My hours of work are 35, working nine to five. I leave my house most days at 6am as I work on the M25 strip so it takes three to four hours to get to my first appointment. I might get home at 7pm with no lunch break. I can drive for seven hours total per day, that's before my day working. I feel fed up, very tired and underpaid. I don't know what my rights are! Erica, Cambridge . I am a pest control technician. My colleagues and I sometimes end up doing 11 or 12-hour days. These lost hours travelling can take its toll on missed family time. The amount of time driving both during the working day and the travelling time to and from work can sometimes be as much as six hours a day depending on where our jobs take us. Paul Godfrey, Swindon . I currently leave for work - as a service engineer - earlier than my first job to ensure I'm at my first site by 10am. It's wrong that I should use my time as the further away it is the more my own time is used. We also do not have a structured break time and I've worked over 11 hours without a break and it's a constant driving service job. Barry Corbett, Glasgow . I am a mobile gas fitter and I am expected to travel to my first appointment and from my last appointment in my own time which can add 10 hours to my working week. Mark Hannon, Castleford . I'm a gas repair engineer. We have no offices. Our policy is to be on the patch of work or at our "pickup" point by 8am. With heavy traffic I leave home at 7.20am. This leaves me with 40 minutes of extra travel time. Also I could be working miles away from home at the end of day resulting in a huge variance of time out. Daniel Richards-Smith, Dorset . I am a homecare worker, taking care of people in their own home. I do not get paid for travelling to work or in between appointments. Sometimes I can travel up to 50 miles a day. We get paid 30p per hour of care delivered in a day. This is not petrol money as the carers who walk between calls also get paid this. Sometimes we have to sit in our cars because it is too early to go in to the client, anywhere from 10 minutes to up to and hour as we often are too far away from home to make it feasible to travel home. Susan Turnbull, Barnsley . I'm a healthcare assistant and while I agree with being paid for time it takes to travel I can also see this as having a knock on affect to the clients as the money to pay us would have to come from somewhere. Susan Bird, Kent .
Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries on Cumbernauld Road, Riddrie, at 21:25 on Monday. He died on his way to hospital. Officers said the car driver is assisting with their inquiries. Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated" by his death and appealed for information. Senior investigating officer Det Ch Insp Laura McLuckie said earlier: "We are following up several lines of inquiry, including speaking to local residents and accessing CCTV from around Cumbernauld Road and the surrounding area." She added that "Mr McDonald had significant injuries" when he was found and the investigating team was "trying to establish just how he sustained them". She said officers were trying to piece together his last known movements. "Understandably his family and friends are completely devastated, and specialist officers are providing them with support at this tragic time," she said. "It is imperative we find who is responsible for Albert's death. "I would ask anyone who was in the vicinity of Cumbernauld Road around 21:30 or earlier, and who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward to police." Det Ch Insp McLuckie added: "You may think that the information you have is insignificant however it may be the piece of information we are looking for."
