singapore is one of the world 's best - known social housing firms , but it is not easy .
the football association -lrb- psni -rrb- has postponed the champions league qualifier between northern ireland and celtic on saturday .
prime minister theresa may has said the uk 's trident nuclear weapons system was ` ` not acceptable '' .
the wife of serena williams , who died in a car crash in central london , was a ` ` tragic accident '' , investigators say .
the international court of human rights -lrb- tuf -rrb- has ruled that ghana 's oil and gas authority can not comply with a court ruling .
belfast city council has agreed to pay compensation for a number of orange shops who were involved in a loyalist bonfire .
the bbc has revealed a series of live - streaming footage showing a man on the river nith was a ` ` joke '' .
a woman who died in the hillsborough disaster has been named as a coroner at the inquests .
fracking should be banned in the uk , according to a report commissioned by the royal college of gas .
pop star madonna has become the first briton to win the world 's best - selling song .
sir lenny henry is to return to bbc one 's strictly come dancing next year , it has been announced .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says he wants to build a new stadium in the premier league .
great britain 's men 's hockey team have been named in the men 's squad for the rio olympics .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will be able to invest in business rates .
china has asked the us to block satellite images of land on a disputed island in the south china sea .
teachers are being urged to take action to tackle ` ` trojan horse '' allegations , a teachers ' union has warned .
jeremy corbyn is one of scotland 's best - known politicians , and he 's been looking forward .
middlesbrough have completed the signing of midfielders dedryck from premier league rivals middlesbrough for an undisclosed fee .
a mother - of - two from greenock morton has won the scottish league cup for the first time .
exeter city boss paul tisdale says he is ` ` surprised '' to be offered a new contract .
a scheme to improve the courts in england and wales has been launched by the lawn tennis association in sheffield .
a us journalist who was abducted in syria last month has been freed , the white house has said .
bhs , the owner of bhs , is to buy the uk 's biggest supermarket chain .
hundreds of people have marched through reading to protest against plans to cut parking on the a&e department .
a man has been jailed for life for the ` ` savage '' murder of a woman in a casino .
there 's a lot of things about the scottish conservatives ' general election results , but it 's not easy .
two people have died and two others have been injured in a crash involving a car and a car .
two men convicted of plotting to murder a county armagh teenager have had their appeal against their convictions overturned .
a security alert at a shopping centre in dunblane has been called off after a suspicious package was found .
former australian prime minister malcolm turnbull will not be awarded the freedom of edinburgh , the government has announced .
sevilla reached the europa league quarter - finals for the first time with a 2 - 1 aggregate win over sevilla .
the welsh government has accused the uk government of ` ` damaging the economy '' after brexit .
a man has appeared in court charged with racially abusing asylum seekers at a scottish borders pub .
the queen has unveiled a new # 5 coin to mark the queen 's 90th birthday - the first of its kind .
a lion has escaped from a national park in south - eastern south africa , officials say .
in the middle of the middle east , a group of syrian refugees are trying to cross the border to the border with syria .
a couple have returned to the south west of england for the first time in more than a decade .
scientists in china have warned that the risk of radioactive contamination could be at risk of severe flooding , as research suggests .
england opened their six nations campaign with a convincing victory over south africa in a thrilling six nations match .
ospreys will face premiership champions saracens in the semi - finals of the european champions cup .
` ` we 're in singapore , '' says lee kuan yew , who is known as the ` ` king of singapore '' .
a denbighshire man has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing two young girls .
star wars actor harry davis has said he is ` ` amazed '' he has stolen a caravan in cambridgeshire .
two indian men have been sentenced to five years in jail after they were arrested in connection with the ` ` trojan horse '' affair .
two men have been arrested in paris on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in paris .
gloucester reached the european challenge cup quarter - finals with a bonus - point win over harlequins .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after a stabbing in dumbarton .
police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man was found in a block of flats .
the discovery of the remains of more than 1,000 years ago has been described as the ` ` worst in the world '' .
league two side crawley town have signed former crawley town and st mirren defender graham graham on loan until the end of the season .
microsoft chief executive jack spencer has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the gaming industry .
middlesex kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals alive by beating middlesex at lord 's .
plans for a new airfield in snowdonia could be built in gwynedd , the council has said .
police have released cctv images of a newborn baby they want to trace in connection with the death of a baby .
a study has found that british soldiers believe they are ` ` more likely '' than those who live in world war one .
` ` if you 're going to leave the european union , '' says jane ross , who has been living in the uk .
the bbc 's director general has told the bbc he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to syria .
lewis hamilton says his mercedes team are capable of winning the australian grand prix , despite their title hopes .
an inquest into the death of a soldier found dead at deepcut barracks was ` ` unlawful '' , a coroner has ruled .
a man who sexually assaulted a 15-year - old girl has been jailed for five years . .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the media 's inquiry into hillary clinton 's election defeat .
the scottish borders council has warned it will not be able to spend more than # 1 m on funding .
advertisers should be banned from youtube if they do n't use adverts , says the european commission .
an inquest into the deaths of two british men who drowned in the mediterranean has been adjourned .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it is ready to send a cargo ship off the russian coast .
police in sri lanka say they have arrested a buddhist monk in the western state of tamil nadu for allegedly insulting the country .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has been named the best man in the world .
a british teenager who was killed in a suicide bombing in syria has died , the bbc has learned .
lebanon 's press regulator has said it is investigating a series of anti - semitic graffiti depicting refugees .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping two teenage girls at a mcdonald 's restaurant .
tributes have been paid to the cast of coronation street 's hilda ogden , who has died aged 84 .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says the club 's plans to increase the number of players in the premier league .
leeds carnival is to go on display for the city 's ` ` most famous carnival '' .
` ` if you want to know what 's going to be the next us president ? ''
scientists say they have developed a new way to treat prostate cancer in the uk and the nhs in england .
two men have been arrested in india on suspicion of fraud and money laundering , the bbc has learned .
oscar - winning actress maria shara tintin has topped the us box office chart for the first time .
steel firm liberty house has said it is ` ` appalled '' about the sale of its steelworks .
ospreys fly - half jonathan davies has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
on a road in indian - administered kashmir , a young boy was killed by a gunman on a farm .
derry moved into the semi - finals of the all - ireland football championship with a 2 - 0 win over fermanagh .
talks aimed at ending a long - running dispute over the junior doctors ' contract have been reached .
a plane carrying passengers on the canadian city of montreal was forced to fly from canada to canada , investigators say .
southend united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` disappointed '' the club will not be able to return to training .
ronnie o'sullivan says he wants to play at the uk championship in his home city .
london 's transport system -lrb- tfl -rrb- reached record levels last year , according to new figures .
john henning 's brother , who was born at a liverpool school , travelled to the city of liverpool to celebrate his life .
st helens have appointed former st helens head coach tom watson as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
police in the western isles are investigating the use of a # 500,000-a - year - old man from the community .
holders leicester city will host league one side oldham athletic in the first round of the efl cup .
tributes have been paid to a northern ireland football fan who died after a match at euro 2016 .
a new bbc radio station is to be broadcast live on bbc radio 4 's programme later this year .
a ban on the use of so - called legal highs in the republic of ireland has come into force .
wolves defender ben williamson is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a ferry service on the isle of wight .
england will host bangladesh in a friendly against bangladesh in dhaka on friday , the country 's army has said .
apple 's annual conference at the world 's biggest apple music festival has been held in san francisco .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- leader marine le pen says she is ` ` shocked '' by the french election campaign .
the number of shoppers in the uk is set to rise by more than 10 % over the festive period .
the uk 's biggest insurance company , sir frc , has called for tougher rules on companies to be scrapped .
the bbc has won an award for the best book of the year at the bbc 's golden globe awards .
the republic of ireland 's supreme court is to examine the case of a woman convicted of rape .
in barcelona , there 's a lot of people in the city of barcelona , but there 's no idea that the people can be forgiven for thinking they are doing .
men in england and wales are more likely to die from smoking than men , according to a new study .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a 15-year - old girl by dangerous driving .
leigh centurions fought back to beat wales and keep their hopes of reaching the six nations quarter - finals alive .
rescuers in indonesia say they are searching for survivors of a volcano that has killed more than 100 people .
mark paxman has said he is ` ` saddened '' by his critics after he announced he would be ` ` given a slap '' .
england 's charley hull is one shot off the lead after the second round of the us pga championship .
french forward pierre - emerick aubameyang has signed a new two - year contract with toulouse .
pupils in england are being warned about sexual harassment and sexual harassment , after a survey suggested they are ` ` inappropriate '' .
thousands of people in sri lanka have been forced to flee their homes after heavy rain caused flooding and flooding .
newsround is looking at the newsround 's newsround report , which is the most important in the world .
the uk is to be given a lifetime ban on so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the government has said .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says he is confident wales wing george north will be fit for the pro12 season .
newcastle falcons fly - half ben youngs could be out for the rest of the season after suffering a head injury .
northern ireland 's jason day says he will compete at this year 's open championship in dubai .
manchester city council has unveiled plans for a # 100 m revamp of the city 's tallest building .
mosul 's jihadist group has captured the iraqi city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
former welsh heavyweight champion anthony joshua says he will not be able to defend his ibf heavyweight title against wladimir klitschko .
thousands of workers in the uk are being asked to take part in an investigation into illegal illegal workers .
amazon and amazon have agreed to sell more than 1,000 customers in the uk to italy in an attempt to stop tax evasion .
italy coach antonio conte has left his role as manager of the italian super league club after a five - year absence .
a russian pilot has been killed in a plane crash near the syrian border , the turkish military says .
in italy , the world 's most popular tourist destination is heading to the west of the world .
an inquest into the death of a man who was hit by a fishing boat on the isle of skye has heard how he was going into difficulty .
video game pokemon go has been removed from its online game in the us , following reports that the video game is being used on social media .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has withdrawn its first rocket from the sky .
scientists in california say they have developed a genetically modified pig -lrb- pig -rrb- that can be used to genetically modified embryos .
when gordon strachan prepares to become scotland 's first - team coach , he is not the best player in the world .
dundee united midfielder stuart armstrong has been given a two - match touchline ban by the football association .
when paul gascoigne was born in tottenham , he did n't think he would have to be remembered .
this year 's glastonbury festival is celebrating its 70th anniversary .   's day . '
a man has admitted raping a 15-year - old girl at a school in south lanarkshire .
more than half of england 's primary schools are choosing to speak to parents , according to a survey .
a boat carrying more than 100 migrants has capsized off the libyan coast , the coastguard says .
two men have been found guilty of attempting to murder a fife man and a woman in a robbery .
a west midlands theatre is to be put up for sale in a bid to save it from extinction .
chesterfield 's league one play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at chesterfield .
north korea has successfully tested a ballistic missile , the us military says , after it successfully tested positive for north korea .
the bank of england 's chief economist has said the uk 's economic recovery is ` ` not good '' .
the fbi says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that the us government had access to the intelligence agency 's email account .
a group of paedophiles who groomed and groomed a teenage girl have been jailed .
scottish football association chairman peter horne has called for tougher rules to tackle gambling in the scottish premiership .
hong kong has filed for bankruptcy protection , the world 's biggest film - maker , in a bid to expand its presence in china .
democratic republic of congo 's main opposition leader , jean - claude mugabe , has been sworn in as the new president .
a former police and crime commissioner has been cleared of misconduct by the police watchdog over allegations of misconduct .
jamie vardy scored twice as southampton came from behind to beat southampton and move top of the premier league .
facebook has been warned that it may be able to access data from its maps system to monitor data .
a police dog has apologised after a dog was shot in the head with a crossbow .
a weather warning has been issued for the uk 's largest storm in the uk , with temperatures expected to rise .
germany 's economy grew by 0.1 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
police in northern ireland have apologised after footage emerged of a man wearing a clown mask .
parents in australia are calling for a ban on the use of vaccinations to protect children .
serial killer ian mckellen is to be released from prison after being caught with a series of murders .
if you ' ve been using your phone to tell us what you 're going to know about the phone .
a search is under way for a man believed to have been killed in a collapsed building in gloucester .
venezuela 's president has called for the arrest of two senior military officers in the wake of the failed coup .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has been ruled out of the tour of new zealand because of a hamstring injury .
facebook 's chief executive , gawker , has resigned from the company 's board , saying it is ` ` unfair '' .
germany 's far - right national party -lrb- dd -rrb- has launched a petition calling for a ban on asylum seekers .
liberal democrat leader tim farron has said he is ` ` confident '' plans to cut the nhs in england .
a south korean women 's basketball player has been suspended by the united states women 's football association .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a suspicious package was found on a building .
the families of two men killed in the kingsmills massacre have said they are ` ` disappointed '' that their families will not be allowed to return .
actor stuart broadbench , who has died at the age of 89 , has opened his home in london .
a dutch man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a german prisoner in amsterdam .
it 's one of the uk 's best - known farmers , but there 's a lot of people in wales .
a novel about a female crime writer has won the uk 's best book of the year award .
a primary school head teacher has won a high court battle over the death of a pupil at a school .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` disappointed '' with mexican president enrique pena nieto .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed during a fight in devon .
barnet came from behind to beat hartlepool and move into the league two play - off places .
a jockey has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence after he admitted drinking and driving .
a 29-year - old man has died after being hit by a car in county donegal .old
south africa batsman ab de villiers has been named as the new captain of the test series against england .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says he is ` ` delighted '' the club 's players are capable of winning the champions league .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
pope francis was one of the world 's most powerful politicians , but it was n't just a few years ago .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the future of the white house .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a newborn baby was found in a bin .
women 's super league one side birmingham city were held to a goalless draw by birmingham city .
cardiff city council is planning to build a new arena on the site of the city 's arena .
swansea city head coach tony pulis says his side 's 2 - 1 home defeat by swansea city was ` ` not good enough '' .
a review into the future of london 's police and crime commissioner is to be carried out by a review .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but it was n't enough .
residents in a nottingham forest have been told they will no longer be able to pay for smokers .
plans to build the queen 's garden centre in norfolk have been given the go - ahead .
partick thistle manager alan archibald says he is ` ` disappointed '' not to sign a new contract .
eugene laverty won the motogp season with victory in the motogp race at motogp .
a man has been jailed for six years for raping a woman in a row over a railway line .
at least 15 people have drowned in myanmar 's north - east of the country , officials say .
britain 's andy murray and novak djokovic have reached the semi - finals of the french open .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has apologised for saying adolf hitler was banned from the rio olympics .
a group of labour councillors in carmarthenshire have criticised the party 's decision to remove a dog .
belgium 's prime minister has said he is ` ` appalled '' by a man who carried out a terror attack in brussels .
taiwan 's first female prime minister , tsai ing - wen , is one of the most important women in the world .
when the british and irish lions beat new zealand in the second test in auckland on saturday , there was a lot of talk about the lions ' performance .
leinster moved to the top of the pro12 table with a hard - fought win over leinster .
a parish councillor has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be able to walk in his village .
a # 3.5 m plan to build a new hospital in somerset has been approved by the county council .
voters in the uk have voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
more than 1,000 tonnes of eggs have been stolen from a beach in dorset , police have said .
australia 's education minister has said it will ban girls from wearing skirts on the island of lewes .
a court in mauritania has ordered the release of a prominent muslim cleric convicted of insulting islam .
the family of a man who was found dead at his home in county londonderry have been disciplined .
a woman from birmingham has made her first cake to raise money for the first time in her history .
great britain 's taekwondo federation -lrb- boa -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' its decision to quit the international taekwondo federation .
a primary school in powys is set to close in a bid to save money from the council .
a record number of golden eagles have been found in scotland for the first time , according to new figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and columnist farai sevenzo considers the killing of two journalists in northern mexico .
pope francis is to visit kenya 's capital , nairobi , in his first visit to the country .
the number of people diagnosed with lung cancer in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 . '
sierra leone has marked its 50th anniversary with the ebola outbreak in the capital city of ebola .
one of australia 's biggest wine firms has filed for bankruptcy in a deal worth $ 2.3 bn -lrb- # 2.3 bn -rrb- .
more than 100 flights have been cancelled in the republic of ireland due to high winds and heavy rain .
a man has been found not guilty of sexually abusing two young girls in belfast in the 1970s .
artist banksy has apologised for cancelling a sell - out of weston - super - mare 's seaside resort .
about 100 people have been injured in a ` ` disturbance '' at a golf club in essex .
trainer aidan o'brien won the grand national at aintree to win the champion hurdle at newmarket .
national league side torquay united have signed midfielder james anderson on a two - year deal following his release by torquay united .
green rovers have made their first signing of the summer by agreeing new deals with the league two club .
leeds rhinos owner steve carter says the club will not be able to return to the ricoh arena next season .
a mental health trust in lincolnshire has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
a south korean military officer has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a military officer in seoul .
there 's been a referendum on whether scotland should stay in the european union , or leave the eu .
a man has been reunited with the owner of a charity shop where he was caught by a dog .
the fbi has confirmed it is investigating a massive data leak in the us , which has been leaked online .
a leeds united employee was sacked for having sex with a female colleague , a court has been told .
the bbc 's general election takes place on sunday , and it 's time to find out what is the next president of the united states .
pakistan 's cricket board has been granted a boycott of the country 's cricket council for the first time .
bournemouth midfielder danny wilson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
nigeria 's environment agency has apologised after a dolphin was spotted in the north - east of the country .
a collection of john lennon 's beatles memorabilia has been sold at auction for more than # 20,000 .
royal bank of scotland has warned that the uk 's financial crisis is ` ` not good enough '' .
dagenham & redbridge have re - signed midfielder george lucas on loan until the end of the season .
the uk 's internet watchdog has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the internet .
china 's president has apologised for his ` ` horrendous '' behaviour after he was attacked by a local politician .
the chief executive of a health board has criticised the welsh government 's handling of the grenfell tower fire .
fleetwood town have re - signed midfielder george davis on a two - year deal after his release by fleetwood town .
jamie vardy 's late penalty gave leicester victory over leicester in a thrilling premier league game at old trafford .
india 's government has said it will stop selling ` ` illegal drugs '' in a bid to curb the sale of fake products .
ballymena united have signed former northern ireland under-21 midfielder michael mcallister on a two - year deal .
a 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in bradford , police have said .
masters champion danny willett says he is ` ` excited '' about playing at this year 's masters .
scotland 's kirsty gilmour has become the first scottish woman to win the scottish open .
michael van gerwen won the pdc world darts championship for the second time in a row .
plans to demolish a quarry in kent have been rejected by the liberal democrats , saying it is ` ` unfair '' .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says his side 's 2 - 1 win over hamilton was ` ` not good enough '' .
councillors in perth have rejected a bid to save the city council 's # 1.5 m redevelopment .
rb leipzig have become the most popular club in the world , according to a report by the german newspaper .
` ` it 's easy to reach europe , '' says the bbc 's richard branson .
at least two teachers have been killed in clashes between rival groups in the southern mexican state of guerrero .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has gone on trial for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a bank in scotland has apologised after a fault at a cash machine was caused by a fault .
one of the world 's best - known films is preparing to launch in los angeles .
st johnstone manager tommy wright praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 1 win over partick thistle .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has won the presidential election in the capital , harare , in a bid to form a government .
scotland 's brexit secretary has told the supreme court that the uk government is ` ` not acceptable '' .
a wrexham canal is to be closed for three days as part of a # 20 m revamp .
landlords in england and wales are to be sent to the uk from the european court of justice .
litter in beaches in england and wales have risen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
the cia says it is ` ` appalled '' by the cia 's use of malware that led to the release of files from the cia .
the queen 's 90th anniversary celebrations will be held in edinburgh later this year , as part of the edinburgh fringe festival .
the editor of the daily mirror , gill gill gillan gill , has died at the age of 83 .
ex - england striker jimmy white has been discharged from hospital after suffering a stroke in the caribbean .
the opening stage of the inaugural women 's tour de france will be held in manchester on friday .
the charity kids company has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the impact of the collapsed kids company .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has told the bbc that the scottish government 's budget is not a good idea .
ukip leader diane james has announced she will stand down from the party 's governing body , the party has announced .
wrexham have appointed former wrexham boss dean keates as their new manager on a two - year deal .
the murder of a woman whose body was found in a greater manchester canal is being considered by police .
jose mourinho is one of the most successful premier league managers in the history of the season .
iran 's parliament has lifted a ban on social media , saying it was ` ` disgraceful '' .
wigan athletic 's league one match against league one side oldham has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
the number of homeless people in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to new figures .
a man and a woman have been robbed at knifepoint during an armed robbery at a house in belfast .
the un security council of syria -lrb- un -rrb- is holding talks about the future of the country 's armed forces .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the wgc - hsbc champions event in california .
a fire has broken out at a recycling centre in wigan , causing the evacuation of more than 50 vehicles .
the world 's largest marine conservation agency -lrb- huma -rrb- has approved a plan to protect the antarctic sea .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has issued a warning about the use of fake medicines in england .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud eu bod yn dilyn yn dilyn gyfrifol .
manchester city midfielder kevin de bruyne will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury .
world number one ding junhui was knocked out of the world championship with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over mark williams .
the remains of some of the oldest buildings in the italian town of chio have been found on the site of a building .
nico rosberg says mercedes are ` ` very confident '' they can improve their chances of qualifying for the monaco grand prix .
an mp has been awarded $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- in damages for a fake news website .
a memorial to a teenager who died after falling from a river in bath has been named by the council .
the snp and the snp have clashed over the outcome of the holyrood election campaign .
walkers are being urged to take part in a ` ` smart '' warning of road closures .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has called for the uk to leave the european union to join the eu .
a nature reserve in cumbria has been restored after it was battered by flooding and a half years ago .
one of the uk 's largest employers is to create up to 100 jobs , it has been announced .
organisers of scotland 's commonwealth games have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the loss of more than # 3 m in funding .
a newport mother has been found guilty of stealing more than # 1,000 from her employer .
a swan has died after being shot in the head by a crossbow at a dundee nature reserve , police have said .
a south african court has sentenced the former head of the national crime agency -lrb- icc -rrb- to 20 years in prison .
rail services between bristol and bath have been disrupted after a bus was closed for more than a month .
a man accused of murdering his two - year - old son has told a jury he was ` ` scared '' .
pop star kanye west has been invited to perform at donald trump 's inauguration in new york city .
` ` i ' m going to be living in the world , '' says the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
a wrexham hospital has been rated as ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog , inspectors have said .
hp 's plan to remove some of its products from the uk 's biggest universities has come under fire .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car .
plans to demolish a town 's footbridge have been approved by councillors in dumfries and galloway .
scientists in the uk say they have found a new species of dinosaur which is thought to be the first of its kind .
finance minister [ UNK ] [ UNK ] muilleoir has said he will not be given the go - ahead for the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
work on a new rugby centre at the centre of northampton has been approved by the rugby football union .
british number one johanna konta reached the australian open semi - finals with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over japan 's david ferrer .
a tesco supermarket has apologised after it was written to the supermarket 's owners .
a ceredigion poppy has sold at auction for # 2,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- .
the head of brazil 's olympic committee has told the bbc he is ` ` appalled '' by the recent terror attacks .
hull kr have signed hull fc 's england under-20 centre matt mcgovern on a two - year deal .
construction work is under way in the german city of augsburg for the first time in more than 20 years .
great britain 's badminton team will not be allowed to compete in the tokyo 2020 tokyo 2020 games .
bristol city came from behind to beat bristol city and reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
a host of the eurovision song contest will be held in stockholm on saturday , organisers have confirmed .
manchester city have been fined # 100,000 by the football association for failing to spot spot - fixing .
britain 's adam scott won the men 's race at the world rowing cup in new zealand .
the pilot of a self - driving plane that crashed in california last month has died , officials say .
the gaelic football association -lrb- fermanagh -rrb- has announced its intention to play gaelic football .
britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the atp world tour finals with victory over stan wawrinka .
a section of the m8 motorway in glasgow has been closed to traffic for the first time in almost a year .
an inquest into the death of a man who died at a swansea flat has been adjourned .
catalans dragons head coach paul robinson has left the club after suffering a defeat by catalans dragons .
motherwell have re - signed former hearts and hearts midfielder liam alexander on loan until the end of the season .
lance armstrong says he is ` ` saddened '' by the world anti - doping scandal .
the chief executive of sports direct , mike ashley , is to step down from his post in falkirk .
more than half of people in the uk are living in their own homes , according to a new report .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , prime minister david cameron has said : ` ` if you want to vote in syria . ''
super league side salford red devils winger denny solomona says he is ` ` confident '' he will return to action .
a council 's budget is set to rise by more than 1 % over the next three years .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle climate change in the west of england and wales .
google has apologised for selling a student 's facebook account to a customer 's website .
grimsby came from behind to beat barnet and move into the league two play - off places with victory at barnet .
police in ferguson , missouri , have shot dead two people , including a 15-year - old boy .
championship side burton albion have re - signed newcastle united midfielder jon walters on loan until the end of the season .
one of australia 's richest men is one of the world 's most popular tourist attractions in the world .
an ` ` underwater '' of the loch of loch ness has been discovered by the scottish government .
the world 's population has been ranked as one of the most important countries in the world , according to a new report .
bumblebees and honeybees are more likely to survive in europe than previously thought , a study suggests .
a three - year - old boy who died in a house fire in neath port talbot has been named .
a us man has been sentenced to eight years in prison for hacking into the us government 's computer system .
a new camera is being installed on a pembrokeshire beach as part of a # 2.5 m project .
a review of the care of patients ' health has found that the nhs needs to improve their health .
there 's a lot of warnings about the impact of the financial crisis in the uk , according to the bbc .
the cairngorms mountain snowsports -lrb- cairn -rrb- has said it is ` ` very happy '' that it has seen its busiest year of 2015 .
plans to close a fire station in berkshire have been given the go - ahead by the council .
a new festival is being held in aberdeen to celebrate the achievements of the country 's most popular community .
a murder investigation is under way after a woman 's body was found at a house in newtownards , county down .
shrewsbury town have signed striker jamie roberts on loan from premier league side shrewsbury town until the end of the season .
david cameron and david cameron have arrived in brussels to discuss the uk 's relationship with the eu .
a man has died in a fire at a house in kilmarnock , police have said .
a former teacher has been jailed for 12 years for raping and sexually abusing two teenage girls .
ospreys moved up to second in the women 's six nations with a comfortable win over wales .
former leyton orient striker chris cox says he is ` ` disappointed '' not to leave the league two club .
talktalk and talktalk have been arrested in connection with the cyber - attack on the talktalk website .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are among the items given to the royal navy for the first time .
more than 1,000 people have marched in barcelona to mark the centenary of the independence of catalonia .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is ` ` very happy '' with the premier league champions .
two people have been killed in a gas explosion at a hotel in the spanish capital , madrid , police say .
england 's rugby world cup campaign starts on saturday , with the final six nations win over new zealand .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfo -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the possibility of a uk - wide inquiry into corruption .
home secretary theresa may has said she is ` ` shocked '' by theresa may 's ruling coalition over brexit .
ukip 's nigel farage has accused the party of ` ` appalling '' immigration policies .
the us space agency -lrb- os -rrb- has confirmed that it will be able to fly from the earth .
inverness caledonian thistle secured their first win of the season with a hard - fought win over inverness ct at tannadice .
a council has apologised for failing to properly investigate baby ashes at a crematorium .
police in california say they are searching for a woman who went missing in california last week . ''
two new homes are to be built in south lanarkshire as part of a ` ` new generation '' of homes .
a pro - democracy activist has been found guilty of assaulting a student in hong kong .
an mp in south london has launched a campaign to raise money for the us president 's cancer charity .
scientists in the us have carried out a ` ` blood test '' that could help reduce the risk of diabetes .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the welsh government will not be able to devolved powers .
one of the world 's best - known fish is to be sold at auction in los angeles .
landlords in wales have been told they must pay more than # 100,000 in unpaid fees .
ukraine 's parliament has approved a plan to ban crimea from entering the country from the european union .
the number of prisoners in england and wales is at its highest level since 2011 , according to a report .
a 29-year - old man has been arrested in connection with a paramilitary - style operation in belfast .
a man has appeared in court charged with acid offences after a man was allegedly sprayed with a cigarette .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he will not be able to play for the six nations this summer .
ferry services between poole and the channel islands have been cancelled after a landslip caused a landslip .
a car bomb attack on a police station in north - western syria has killed at least 15 people , turkish officials say .
the church of england has announced plans to sell fossilised fossil fuels from renewable energy to the uk .
the uk 's second largest mortgage lender has passed a new low of 1.5 % , the government has announced .
st mirren came from behind to beat st mirren and move into the scottish cup quarter - finals .
two men have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a prison in cardiff , police have said .
lionel messi says he will not play argentina in sunday 's world cup quarter - final against argentina .
german chancellor angela merkel has accused angela merkel of ` ` disrespectful '' remarks about refugees and refugees .
a man accused of kidnapping a nine - year - old boy in aberdeen told a court he was ` ` too scared '' .
lincoln city came from behind to beat oldham and reach the fa cup third round for the first time in a row .
oscar - winning screenwriter tom hanks is to write a new film about transgender people in denmark .
more than half of young people in england and wales are scrutinised in the past year , a survey suggests .
lancashire have signed all - rounder lewis lewis on a two - year deal after the county left the county .
first minister carwyn jones has accused the conservatives of ` ` disrespectful '' immigration after brexit .
grimsby 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at grimsby .
liberia 's president muhammad ali has won the first round of the presidential election , taking place in the capital , lagos .
irish paralympic champion jason smyth says he is ` ` confident '' that he will compete at the rio olympics .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my dad , '' says sian chan chan , who was born in the 1970s and 80s .
police in india say they have found the body of a woman who was found in a park in the northern state of uttar pradesh .
a # 1.5 m grant has been launched to help trace the remains of a scottish poet .
fermanagh and lisnagarvey both made history by winning the interprovincial cup at kingspan stadium .
for the first time , the government 's chief executive , glut narendra modi , is the most important issue in the uk .
taylor swift has been named the best - selling song in the uk , according to a poll .
china 's human rights watchdog says the state of hong kong is failing to protect children from ethnic minorities .
british number one rafael nadal has become the first briton to reach the wimbledon semi - finals .
burnley defender daniel sturridge has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
us investment bank goldman sachs has announced it will open its first private campus in the us this year .
scientists at the university of cambridge have developed a new type of lithium - ion batteries that can be developed .
world number one angelique kerber reached the second round of the australian open with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over maria sharapova .
italian police say they have arrested 12 people suspected of links to islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
samsung has announced plans to build a new car in south korea as part of a multi - million pound deal .
oscar - winning actress dame judi dench has received a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours .
queens park rangers have signed qpr midfielder jake cooper on a one - year deal after his release by qpr .
a mental health expert has been found guilty of possessing and distributing indecent images of young people .
ceredigion has been given the go - ahead for the first time in its history .
scottish actress julia gillan has unveiled a new version of the galaxy for her role in the galaxy .
nasa 's curiosity rover is preparing to test the curiosity mars rover on the surface of the planet .
a high court judge has ruled a decision on plans to build a new forest in suffolk is ` ` unlawful '' .
a wildlife charity has visited a cumbrian nature reserve in a bid to save the birds from extinction .
two police officers have been injured in clashes between police and police officers in north belfast on friday night .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on beaches across the south east as part of a multi - million pound fundraising campaign .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old boy has been told it will be ` ` impossible '' to recover his life .
chinese tech giant lenovo has launched its first mobile phone in more than 50 years .   's day
the liberal democrats have written to the home secretary calling for the uk to leave the european union , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
plans for a new nuclear power plant in cumbria have been given the go - ahead by the national grid .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has accused the uk of trying to leave the european union .
` ` it 's not just a few years ago , '' said mexican president donald trump .
anti - semitic guns and weapons have been found in greater manchester , a study has found .
a woman who raped a 15-year - old girl in coventry more than 20 years ago has been identified by police .
gareth bale says wales ' euro 2016 squad are ` ` not good enough '' to qualify for euro 2016 .
sweden 's police and crime agency -lrb- cosa -rrb- has been arrested in sweden .
a train has derailed in ohio , killing six people and injuring several others , police have said .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union - and now it 's not easy .
ospreys head coach lee hodson is to join the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- in the autumn tests .
the 70th anniversary of the battle of the plane is one of the world 's most famous cinemas .
the parents of a baby born in a car show have said they are ` ` looking forward '' .
south africa 's main opposition leader , jean - claude juncker , has said she will not be able to use the country 's new car .
gareth bale says wales have a ` ` good chance '' of reaching the 2018 world cup .
yeovil town women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed northern ireland 's sarah howard .
police are appealing for help in tracing a man who was threatened with a hammer during a burglary in glasgow .
michael phelps became the first british athlete to win the men 's 100 m freestyle at the rio olympics .
ulster have signed new zealand under-20 prop cian healy on a two - year deal for next season .
sir bradley wiggins became the first british rider to ride in the tour de france after a crash .
the family of a woman who died after being hit by a car in south lanarkshire have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in west lothian .
at the bbc proms in the bbc 's sound of music , there 's a lot of people in brazil .
former cabinet minister lord heseltine has defended the freedom of information commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to sir kenneth branagh , who has died at the age of 89 .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over bournemouth is ` ` not good enough '' .
in bolivia , one of the world 's best - known indigenous women was killed in the 1970s .
former world boxing champion muhammad ali has been diagnosed with leukaemia after being diagnosed with severe brain cancer .
some of nigeria 's most famous landmarks have been forced to close because of noise and noise , campaigners say .
india 's prime minister narendra modi is launching a new database of the world 's best - known citizens .
cambodia is one of the country 's most remote communities in the north - east of the region .
scottish labour leader alex salmond has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the snp 's former prime minister alex salmond .
a mother who admitted poisoning her baby with a ` ` toxic substance '' has been jailed for 12 years .
the welsh government has called for a review of the national parks and wildlife trust -lrb- ww -rrb- .
borussia dortmund missed the chance to go top of the bundesliga after a 2 - 1 defeat by wolfsburg .
the uk 's largest university is offering students access to their courses , according to a consumer group .
thousands of people have lined the streets of indonesia for the first time in more than 30 years , taking part in a music festival .
the danish film festival is to return to venice for the first time in more than 30 years , it has been announced .
radioactive material has been found at the site of a nuclear reactor at the russian nuclear plant in ukraine .
in the aftermath of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- attack on the iraqi city of yazidi , the bbc 's geeta pandey reports that the mass killing of more than 200 women and women in northern iraq is the worst .
a number of petrol bombs have been thrown at a petrol station in county armagh in the republic of ireland .
a judge has ordered a judge to pay # 20,000 in damages to a terminally ill man who died after he fell from a bar .
an italian court has sentenced a british man to life in prison for kidnapping a terror suspect in egypt .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have killed at least 20 people in a suicide bomb attack in baghdad , officials say .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has won the country 's highest court of human rights .
a man 's body has been found in a house fire in west sussex , police have said .
jeremy corbyn 's resignation from the labour party 's leadership in the wake of last week 's defeat by jeremy corbyn has been leaked .
the owners of legoland have said they will not be able to travel to lego because of delays .
the home office has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the decision to suspend asylum seekers from the uk has been delayed .
us telecoms giant htc has announced it will cut the number of drones in its search engine .
glasgow school of art has opened its doors for the first time in the history of the glasgow school .
harlequins have signed scrum - half dan catt on a two - year contract .
it was n't easy to see the scottish government 's decision to leave the scottish channel .
the scottish government has approved plans for a new trial of child sexual abuse at a glasgow castleder .
house prices in the uk fell by 0.5 % in march , according to the latest figures .
myanmar 's opposition leader aung san suu kyi has been re - elected for the first time .
crystal palace is to receive # 3.5 m of lottery funding from the arts and arts council .
oscar - winning actor leonardo da vinci has died at the age of 83 .   's national theatre
` ` we ' ve been going to the polls , '' said ed miliband , ` ` i ' ve got a lot of people '' .
oldham athletic have confirmed they will return to league one side oldham athletic for the first time this season .
star wars : the force awakens has topped the uk box office for the first time in a row .
a team of concorde has been granted permission to fly to the skies above the skies of portsmouth .
a driver was killed when his car ploughed into a porsche , an inquest has heard .
the uk economy grew by 0.6 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future .
victims of child sexual exploitation in greater manchester are being urged to come forward , the bbc has learned .
derbyshire all - rounder matt taylor has signed a two - year contract extension with the derbyshire club .
world cup - winning england striker ellen white has been announced as the new player of the year .
league one side walsall have signed goalkeeper liam kelly on a two - year deal after his release by walsall .
it 's been a year since the death of pop star katy perry in the 1960s and 1980s .
plans to ban the use of e - cigarettes in the uk have been backed by the welsh government .
birmingham city have completed the signing of former england under-20 international djibouti on a three - year deal .
a dress dress containing a dress that was stolen in los angeles has been stolen , police have said .
plaid cymru and plaid cymru have clashed over the welsh government 's pledge to win the general election .
the un 's bid to become the next president of the world has been rejected by the united nations .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist died in a crash .
a turkish holidaymaker has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the terror attacks in turkey .
a church in pakistan has opened fire in the city of lahore to mark the 30th anniversary of the deadly attacks in lahore .
a man has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a schoolgirl in flintshire .
protesters in ivory coast have fired tear gas and tear gas at the headquarters of the army , the military says .
league one side yeovil town have re - signed former tottenham hotspur midfielder liam kelly on a one - year deal .
hsbc 's former deputy prime minister has called for tougher powers to tackle tax evasion .
a new book has been held in hereford for the first time since the death of a teacher at a school .
the number of bus services in wales is at ` ` significantly '' , a union has warned .
plans to build more than 1,000 dogs on a former woodland site have been approved by kent county council .
a number of people from northern ireland have travelled to ireland to join the uk from the republic of ireland .
stevenage have signed midfielder liam fox on a two - year deal following his release by stevenage .
us president donald trump has announced that the birth of her daughter , the white house , will no longer be allowed to attend a school .
the beatles ' album of the beatles has gone on display in the us for the first time in 25 years .
a motorcyclist has died after his bike was involved in a collision with a van in surrey .
wales head coach warren gatland says he is ` ` devastated '' by his decision to retire from rugby .
more than half of young people in england are being offered apprenticeships , according to a report from the institute for fiscal studies .
the nhs in england has issued a warning to women who have breastfeeding in their midwives .
a scottish energy company has been accused of failing to provide electricity for renewable energy in the western isles .
mae ' r heddlu ' r blaid lafur wedi dweud ei garcharu am gartref , yr etholiadau ' r etholiad i ' wythnos .
tranmere rovers have signed york city striker george osborne on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
prime minister theresa may has said she is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the prime minister 's decision to quit the government .
world number one angelique kerber was knocked out of the australian open as she lost 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 to china 's angelique kerber .
kirsty gilmour is to return to the uk 's best - known book of fiction .
russia 's government has lifted a ban on online pornography , after the country 's supreme court ruled it unconstitutional .
the iraq inquiry has been told it is ` ` not good enough '' to respond to the iraq war .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is the centre of the iraqi city of mosul .
everton manager ronald koeman says the republic of ireland 's world cup qualifier against moldova is ` ` not good enough '' .
more than 100 people have been arrested in dover after anti - austerity protesters clashed with police .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in aberdeenshire after a fire broke out .
two men have been charged in connection with the discovery of a bomb at a house in county armagh .
scrum - half nigel owens says he is ` ` very happy '' to be named wales captain of the six nations .
australia 's immigration minister , bernard tomlinson , has said he wants asylum seekers in papua new guinea -lrb- narc -rrb- .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed to death in essex .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- have reached a deal with renault to buy the premier league club .
the archbishop of wales has said the church of wales is ` ` absolutely committed '' to refugees and refugees .
a conservative mp has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be able to run a football club .
drivers in bristol are being asked to pay more than # 1,000 for motorists who fail to pay for motorists .
apple has reported better - than - expected quarterly profits , boosted by strong sales of iphones and tablets .
it 's almost a year since the world athletics championships , but there 's a lot of time .
the greek prime minister has told the bbc that the country 's bailout deal with the eurozone should be rejected .
twitter has apologised after a fire broke out on its website during a halloween night out .
the european space agency -lrb- airbus -rrb- has launched its first ever satellite .
newport county have sacked manager graham taylor after he left the league two club by mutual consent , bbc wales understands .
a report into allegations of corruption in sport wales has found it is ` ` not good enough '' .
a paramedic has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the ambulance service -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a crash in staffordshire .
liverpool ladies moved up to third in women 's super league one with a comfortable win over liverpool .
england 's jordan spieth shot a six - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the wgc - dell match .
india 's supreme court has ruled that transgender people should be allowed to wear gender - friendly .
wales manager chris coleman has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the 2018 world cup .
deutsche boerse has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 bn -rrb- to settle a merger with deutsche boerse .
fifa president sepp blatter says he wants to ` ` step down '' the football association 's governing body .
sir ben ainslie and ben ainslie made history by winning the first test of the new zealand grand prix to win the world cup .
a california judge has ordered the sentence of a transgender man who was jailed for sexually assaulting a woman .
motherwell moved up to second in the premiership with a hard - fought win over inverness caledonian thistle .
us president donald trump has said he wants to ` ` get a job '' for the white house .
the number of women living in the uk has risen by almost a third in the past year , according to a new report .
st johnstone have signed goalkeeper craig mccoist from st johnstone on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a soldier was killed when a helicopter crashed into a canal in cheshire , an inquest has heard .
the number of people dying from heart disease in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
loganair is to receive a total of # 2.5 m of funding from the scottish government .
farmers in dumfries and galloway are being warned about the damage caused by a wind farm .
the family of a three - month - old baby who died after being bitten by a dog have criticised a report .
former conservative minister peter capaldi has been re - elected as the new conservative candidate for the isle of wight .
the uk 's first diesel cars will be banned from driving under new laws introduced by the government .
a german satellite has been found in a river in the german city of sao paulo , officials say .
business secretary sajid javid has said the uk is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the global economy .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has returned to the northern city of tikrit to the iraqi city of tikris , officials say .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has lost his appeal against a ban imposed by the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
england 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the second round of the dubai desert classic .
a photo of a british woman who was photographed in spain has been released by police investigating a mystery postcard .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been arrested in connection with a series of images of princess charlotte .
robert snodgrass 's late goal gave southampton victory over southampton at st james ' park .
a record number of people have been hit by temperatures in the uk and the uk in the past month .
chelsea have appointed former chelsea boss jose mourinho as their new manager on a three - year deal .
crystal palace manager alan pardew says he is not interested in signing crystal palace midfielder yaya toure .
an arts centre in bangor , county fermanagh , is facing a # 1.5 m refurbishment , it has been claimed .
there 's a lot of discussion about the nhs in england and wales , but it 's not easy .
tributes have been paid to ex - england footballer and player johan cruyff who died aged 84 .
an indian woman who was left stranded on a train in india has been reunited with her newborn baby .
two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of county antrim man jason mcguinness .
the uk government is to set up a ` ` hard brexit bill '' with the eu , david davis has said .
israeli police have launched a criminal investigation into alleged nazi war crimes against jewish students in the auschwitz concentration camp .
a ` ` predatory '' paedophile who sexually abused children has been jailed for 12 years .
the uk 's private sector needs to become a ` ` super - class '' , a report has found .
alastair cook says he is ` ` happy '' to play for england in the first test against south africa .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a woman by careless driving . '
` ` it was n't the world 's longest - serving president barack obama . ''
two men have been jailed after being caught with cocaine with an estimated street value of # 2 m .
a man has been jailed for nine years for the ` ` brutal '' murder of a baby at a norfolk care home .
the authorities in el salvador have begun a series of raids on the streets of the city of el salvador .
a man 's body has been found at a recycling plant in swindon , police have said , .
plans for a new bridge on the a9 in perthshire have been approved by the scottish government .
some of england 's most senior schools have been criticised for failing to turn them into special measures .
brighton midfielder jack grealish has been given a two - match ban by the football association .
the uk 's broadband network may be able to use superfast broadband , according to a report .
a major fire at london 's sadiq khan station has led to the evacuation of several buildings .
` ` i ' ve been a football fan , '' says lee wallace , who has never been a footballer .
oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
the syrian army says it has retaken control of houthi rebels in the city of homs .
a patient has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in monmouthshire on saturday .
britain 's anthony joshua will fight wladimir klitschko for the wbo heavyweight title next month .
leeds united have re - signed defender ben benik afobe on loan until the end of the season .
a police officer has been jailed for two years after admitting possessing illegal drugs and possessing illegal illegal drugs .
plans to build a cancer unit at a south wales hospital have been approved by the health and social care board .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the challenges facing africa 's economy .
a family of five - year - olds with a rare genetic condition in wales have launched a campaign to save the lives of two young boys .
a cancer charity has paid tribute to a woman who died after being diagnosed with polio disease , who has died .
somerset have signed south africa all - rounder luke van der merwe on a two - year deal .
a victorian cathedral is to undergo a # 1.5 m donation to help save it from restoration work .
australia 's foreign minister has apologised for the ` ` chaos '' of the country 's spying scandal .
bournemouth have signed striker jermain defoe from fellow premier league side bournemouth for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on friday , with shares in france and the european central bank .
the us supreme court has ordered a federal judge to halt the case of two teenagers killed in the san bernardino shooting .
thousands of people have taken part in the annual carnival of rio de janeiro 's maracana stadium .
authorities in singapore have accused the authorities of carrying out ` ` dangerous '' fires in the city of tianjin .
cuba 's president has signed a two - day visit to cuba , the white house has said .
west ham boss slaven bilic has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
sunderland manager simon grayson says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his side 's recent form .
nicola adams says she is ready to defend his ibf super - middleweight title at manchester 's o2 arena .
police have appealed for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in a ` ` serious condition '' in edinburgh .
` ` we ' ve never heard of the world , '' says naomi tusk , the world 's first woman .
thousands of people in japan have attended the annual christmas day event in honour of a baby boy who died last week .
exports from the uk fell by 1.1 % in june , according to the latest trade figures .
the number of police shootings in england and wales has risen by more than 1 % in the past year , figures obtained by the bbc show .
a russian dance dance dance star has been sentenced to two years in prison for sexually assaulting a dance teacher .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
we ' ve got a bit of a lot of you 're going to think about the next election .
the family of a mother - of - two who was murdered in a ` ` brutal attack '' have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
former labour leader ed miliband has told the bbc she wants to be the next labour leader .
the government 's plans to introduce a new tax on gambling machines have been backed by the prime minister .
police in north belfast have used tear gas to disperse hundreds of protesters protesting against the orange order parade .
crusaders have appointed warren feeney as their new manager on a two - year deal .   's eve .
sony is recalling more than 1,000 digital computers worldwide over the next three years , according to a us company .
the us house of representatives has voted for the first time in more than two decades , with the two candidates taking part in the general election .
the bank of england has warned that the uk 's economic recovery is likely to be ` ` disastrous '' .
west indies all - rounder phil simmons has apologised to the west indies cricket board for comments he made about a coach .
russell knox says he is ` ` looking forward '' to win the ryder cup for the first time this year .
a man has been arrested after a security alert at a house in north lanarkshire was called off .
the mother of a scottish aid worker killed in syria has said he is ` ` devastated '' by his family 's death .
a ` ` new type of blood '' has been discovered by scientists in the us for the first time .
edinburgh airport was forced to make an emergency landing at edinburgh airport after a passenger plane was caught on camera .
the wife of a british - iranian woman jailed in iran for plotting to overthrow the uk government has said she will appeal against her sentence .
the chief executive of the uk 's largest online banking group has been named as the new chief executive .
two men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to kill a police officer in the west midlands .
britain 's adam peaty won a silver medal at the world para - athletics championships in hong kong .
conor mcgregor has withdrawn from the ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- next month .
a grade ii - listed mansion in greater manchester is to be restored to the public after being restored .
if you 're looking forward to buying products such as botox , or e - fizer , you 'll be able to make sure that the products are available .
the uk government 's decision to leave the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' , the defence secretary has said .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- has urged morocco to end a long - running dispute over the migrant crisis .
footballer adam williams has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence after driving at the wheel of his car .
england boss roy hodgson says his side 's euro 2016 quarter - final against italy is a ` ` disaster '' .
cambodia 's supreme court has ordered the release of a former leader of the khmer rouge regime for genocide .
a man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a petrol station in dungiven , county tyrone .
wrexham manager gary saunders has signed a new two - year deal with the national football league club -lrb- fc -rrb- .
a woman has been rescued from a house fire in west belfast after a fire broke out in the city .
russia 's eurovision song contest has been a long way since the country 's national anthem was banned from entering the country .
the welsh government is planning to cut the amount of income tax in wales , according to a think tank .
one of the world 's most powerful coral reefs has died in the south china sea , say scientists .
the scottish government has announced plans to increase the number of fish from the uk 's salmon industry .
it 's not easy to see a tunnel under the border with serbia , but there 's no - one can not be done .
the pakistani government has approved a ban on youtube , allowing users to be allowed to access content online .
the story of one of the uk 's most famous newspapers has been celebrated with a new twist .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the vuelta a espana with victory in the giro d'italia .
a 15-year - old girl has been found guilty of assaulting a police officer in dundee .
the church of england 's first female bishop is to become the first woman bishop to be appointed in england .
a mother - of - three company is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
a man who died after being hit by a van in leicester has been named by police as a father .
a primary school in devon has celebrated its 50th birthday with a schoolboy who has been celebrating his 50th birthday .
the uk is being urged to introduce a genetically modified genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- plant in the european union .
britain 's geraint thomas won the isle of man 's first stage of the giro d'italia .
watford moved up to second in the premier league with a comfortable win over watford at vicarage road .
the number of jobs being created in wales has fallen to its lowest level since the uk voted to leave the european union .
catalonia 's parliament has voted in favour of a new constitution that will allow independence from the region .
a german mp has said that a train derailed in the spanish capital santiago may have caused chaos .
the european central bank -lrb- kfc -rrb- has been left without a bailout for a third time .
premier league clubs have reported record revenues of # 1.3 bn , compared with the same period last year .
top gear host jeremy clarkson has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the bbc 's decision to leave the show .
the us supreme court has ruled that cars can be banned from using electronic devices to cheat emissions tests .
google has been ordered to pay more than $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- in damages after a court ruled it violated the sale of its children .
hampshire and west bromwich albion defender ben chester is set to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
prime minister david cameron has said the queen 's 90th birthday will be a ` ` special day '' .
stuart mccall has been appointed as the new head coach of scotland 's under-21s . '
voting has begun in elections being held in merseyside , merseyside and merseyside .
crusaders moved to the top of the irish premiership with a 2 - 1 win over linfield at windsor park .
police are hunting two men who carried out a ` ` brutal '' attack on a man in south lanarkshire .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group says it carried out a series of chemical weapons attacks in the syrian city of raqqa .
one of the uk 's largest shipyards is to be sold for # 1.5 m .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said the uk will not be able to negotiate a nuclear deal with iran .
it 's a time of year for the university of durham -lrb- uc -rrb- .
a cruise ship has returned to the us for the first time in more than a decade after it was completed .
the case of a man accused of raping and sexually abusing a woman in the 1970s has been delayed by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- .
one of the uk 's oldest factories is to close with the loss of 1,000 jobs .
archaeologists have uncovered a ` ` horrifying '' roman mosaic in a dorset village . ''
former fifa president sepp blatter has said he wants to resign as president of the united states .
gareth southgate 's late goal gave england a 2 - 0 win over guinea - bissau .
` ` i ' m going to court , '' says a woman who was found guilty of smuggling drugs into the nhs .
a christian pastor has become the first in the uk to marry a muslim man in a church in glasgow .
wales must improve their chances of beating new zealand , says head coach warren gatland 's players .
arsenal have completed the signing of midfielder yaya toure from arsenal on a three - year deal .
glasgow warriors will face holders saracens in the semi - finals of the european champions cup after beating stade francais in the semi - final .
us house prices rose by 0.1 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
` ` i ' m going to go , '' says andy murray , who 's told me that he 's going to do so .
a grade ii - listed victorian mill in west yorkshire has been put up for sale by the council .
iraq 's efforts to tackle the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria have been put on hold .
it has been a year since the creation of a new type of marine research in the south wales valleys .
world number one michael van gerwen is through to the second round of the pdc world championship after a 6 - 3 win over peter wright .
leigh centurions came from behind to beat widnes and move up to second in super league .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend and attempting to murder his ex - girlfriend .
the mother of a transgender woman who was found dead at a prison has called for an inquiry into her death .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said he will not stand for the party 's leadership in scotland .
work has begun on a # 1.5 m project to restore swansea 's medieval canal to the city .
facebook has announced that it will sell more than 4 % of its users to the company 's website .
labour 's former deputy speaker of the house of commons has resigned after a row over sexual harassment .
police in brazil say they have arrested a man suspected of smuggling cocaine into the city of rio de janeiro .
there 's a lot of talk about the political crisis in northern ireland 's newspapers and the daily telegraph .
ricky burns won the wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow briton ricky burns .
police in mexico say they are searching for a man who has been abducted and kidnapped in the country .
antarctica 's antarctic ice rinks are heading to antarctica for the first time , according to a new study .
plans for a new rnli lifeboat station in scarborough have been approved by the county council for the first time .
scotland 's largest food group has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of brexit .
ian hutchinson set the fastest lap of the year in the isle of man as he set the pace in second practice .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in a suspected hit - and - run incident .
robert snodgrass has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
plymouth 's hopes of reaching the league two play - off places suffered a blow as they beat crawley .
a # 3.5 m plan to improve a nature reserve in dorset has been approved by the government .
league one side preston north end have re - signed burnley midfielder liam jones on a one - year deal .
a lorry had to be rescued from the m1 after it was spotted on the m1 in derbyshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a house .
newport gwent dragons earned a bonus - point win over edinburgh in the pro12 semi - finals .
us bank jp morgan chase has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- to settle a lawsuit brought by us authorities .
plans to build a new railway station on the outskirts of reading have been approved by the county council .
in a case of a baby born in the us state of east london , it has been claimed .
england 's preparations for the first test against india in sharjah have been dealt a blow .
microsoft has launched a new version of the xbox one console , which will allow microsoft to use the video game .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the one - day cup were dashed as they were beaten by lancashire .
kilmarnock maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with victory over kilmarnock .
a former snooker player has been given a six - month suspended jail sentence for defrauding a number of snooker players .
a plan to buy a new forest in south wales should be sold , the welsh government has said .
it 's not easy to say that the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the uk 's immigration system has been criticised by mps for failing to reduce the number of migrants .
former rangers captain barry ferguson says he wants to move to ibrox in the summer to celtic .
hundreds of thousands of people have attended a rally in glasgow to protest against the closure of the steel industry .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the murder of jean mcconville in the republic of ireland .
jk rowling 's harry potter spin - off film is to return to the west end next year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house in worcestershire .
celtic manager pedro caixinha hopes to make his first appearance at ibrox in the summer .
a man accused of murdering his ex - boyfriend has told a jury he was ` ` scared '' of his life .
ciara mageean and ciara mageean will not compete at the european indoor championships in belgrade next month .
the mother of one of northern ireland 's best - known singers has cancelled a concert in belfast .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future .
education secretary alun wyn jones has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the welsh government 's plans for a third term .
a us air strike on the syrian city of raqqa has killed at least 20 civilians , activists say .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
south africa beat sri lanka by eight wickets in the second one - day international in cape town on sunday .
an outbreak of norovirus at a hospital in merthyr tydfil has been lifted .
a man has died in a fire at a house in oxfordshire .   's early - morning
red bull 's daniel ricciardo set the pace in second practice at the hungarian grand prix .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod wedi dweud eu bod yn wythnos yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
ac milan striker mario balotelli says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his club 's football association -lrb- ac milan -rrb- .
police in the southern indian state of kerala have arrested a man suspected of being part of a national anthem .
england manager roy hodgson is expected to leave the club at the end of the season , says goalkeeper joe hart .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he will not stand in the richmond park by - election .
dame helen mirren has been named the best actor at the bbc 's bafta cymru awards .
us banking giant hsbc has confirmed it will shut its headquarters in new york , the company has announced .
thousands of cyclists are taking part in a cycle ride in plymouth to mark the 50th anniversary of a cycling race .
the scottish government has launched an initiative aimed at improving the number of women working in english and english communities .
pupils at a school have been suspended after a pupil was found with cannabis and cannabis with a student .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time in their history after beating chelsea at stamford bridge .
the future of scottish premiership club motherwell has been welcomed by the club 's chairman and chairman .
belfast giants moved to within a point of the challenge cup with a 2 - 1 win over nottingham panthers at the sse arena .
isle of man tt champion marc whittaker won a record - breaking race on the isle of wight .
a new treatment for cancer patients in the uk could be used to treat cancer , a study suggests .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car crash in rotherham .
a man has been jailed for life for killing a motorist in a ` ` cowardly '' crash .
indian sprinter yaya yadav has been cleared of doping by the international olympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- .
french far - right presidential candidate francois fillon has been arrested on suspicion of fraud and money laundering .
a man accused of sexually abusing a 15-year - old girl in pembrokeshire has told a court he was sexually abused .
` ` it 's not easy to report , '' says a young asylum seeker from australia .
footballer ched evans has been found guilty of raping a woman in a hotel room in north wales .
manchester city women have signed sweden international forward rachel harratt on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a man in a ` ` revenge attack '' .
parents are more likely to eat their children , according to a study of 10-year - olds .
chesterfield have sacked manager steve turner after just one year in charge of the league one club was terminated by mutual consent .
ben stokes hit his second century of the summer as england beat south africa by five wickets in a rain - affected match .
newport county have confirmed the takeover of newport gwent dragons by the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- .
the mother of a falklands war veteran has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be reunited with his daughter .
west brom manager tony pulis says striker saido berahino is ` ` not interested '' at the club .
joe root scored a hat - trick as england beat south africa by eight wickets in the one - day cup .
we ' ve been talking about how much of the world 's best - known companies are using social media .
two men have been arrested in germany in connection with a series of terror attacks , german prosecutors say .
a former bbc radio 1 dj has been reunited with his wife 's wife after he was told he was ` ` devastated '' by his wife .
it 's easy to look at the best of the world 's best - known stories .
business secretary morris morris morris has warned that britain will not be able to stay in the european union .
la liga leaders real sociedad suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by malaga .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has vowed to ` ` restore '' the country 's fireworks market after the 9/11 attacks .
league two side accrington stanley have signed fulham midfielder matt crooks on loan until the end of the season .
tributes have been paid to a father and son who died in a crash involving a lorry in nottingham .
swansea city say they are ` ` disappointed '' with the club 's takeover of the premier league .
a couple from north lanarkshire who have a child with autism say they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership to five points with a hard - fought win over hearts .
chris coleman and chris coleman will miss wales ' euro 2016 warm - up match against belgium on sunday .
residents of brighton 's tallest building have been told they will be able to return to the city .
north korea 's supreme court has told a us court that a student died of severe brain damage .
a campaign has been launched to tackle the spread of tb in cattle in england and wales to tackle tb .
one of newport 's best - known authors is planning to save the city 's books .
ajax midfielder abdelhak nouri has been diagnosed with a brain injury , the dutch football federation says .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the uk government 's clean air pollution programme , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
france 's president francois hollande has announced that france 's prime minister will not be able to fight islamist extremism .
first minister carwyn jones has written to theresa may to the prime minister 's questions about brexit .
the chief executive of the royal british airways has apologised to the company 's chief executive .
celtic have rejected celtic 's bid to sign striker moussa dembele on loan until january .
gloucester moved up to second in the premiership table with a bonus - point win over gloucester at kingspan stadium .
atletico madrid reached the quarter - finals of the copa del rey quarter - finals after a goalless draw with atletico madrid .
the number of people waiting for mental health services in wales has risen by more than a third in a year .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my life , '' says andrew mullan , who has died aged 84 .
campaigners have called for a public inquiry into the remains of a roman catholic church in north london .
one of the uk 's biggest companies has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to buying a private equity firm .
microsoft has filed a lawsuit against microsoft over the details of its users ' emails , including emails and emails .
a jury in the us state of kansas has ordered the death of a man who was found guilty of murder .
norwich city moved up to second in the championship with victory over bristol city at the ricoh arena .
mansfield town have re - signed mansfield town midfielder alex tshie on loan until the end of the season .
the scottish government has announced it is to invest # 1bn in china , as part of a global investment plan .
welsh triathlete non stanford says she is ` ` confident '' of competing at the rio olympics .
an indian company has unveiled a new version of a bionic hand that allows users to use them .
west ham 's bid to host the 2022 olympic stadium has been rejected by the high court .
gordon strachan 's late goal gave gordon strachan a chance to win the 2018 world cup in slovenia .
peterborough united manager steve maddison says he is ` ` confident '' his side can avoid relegation .
plymouth argyle manager paul hartley said he was ` ` proud '' of his side after beating afc wimbledon in the fa cup final .
the owner of a danish submarine has said she is ` ` devastated '' after a woman 's body was recovered .
voters in the north - east of england have voted to register to vote in the general election .
russia 's world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- president sepp blatter says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the international olympic committee .
wladimir klitschko has been ruled out of the wba super - middleweight title in new zealand .
britain 's chris eubank jr says he is ` ` devastated '' after suffering a head injury in london on saturday .
mental health workers in the uk are at risk of suicide , according to a report from the royal college of nursing .
fiji is one of the world 's best - known countries , and the country 's most famous indigenous peoples , writes the bbc .
maternity services at caithness general hospital are to be transferred to caithness , health officials say .
motherwell striker liam stewart says he is ` ` delighted '' he will return to the ice hockey club for the first time .
an exhibition has opened at the royal albert museum in bristol to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of the author .
a primary school has been forced to close after a pupil was forced to turn into a water main .
prime minister manuel valls has said the uk is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the uk 's membership of the european union .
st mirren have signed former hibernian and hibernian defender craig shakespeare on a two - year deal .
brian hanley has been named as the winner of this year 's british horseracing awards .
` ` if you 're going to die , '' says a man with a rare genetic condition .
a group of councillors in conwy county have called for a ban on bus services to be scrapped .
north korea 's nuclear power plant has been shut down , the world 's largest nuclear programme has said .
if you want to vote in the eurovision song contest , there 's a lot of people in australia .
the leader of rotherham council has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be allowed to resign .
falkirk manager peter houston hopes his side can win the premiership 's top - six premiership .
astronomers have made the first picture of the planet 's most famous planet , but they 're the best picture of our planet .
the owner of the new york stock exchange has filed for bankruptcy in a case brought by the company 's owners .
england head coach stuart lancaster says his side 's six nations defeat by france was ` ` embarrassing '' .
a father has won a high court battle to overturn his daughter 's ban on holiday holidays .
british number one heather watson and heather watson both won their first women 's singles title at wimbledon .
the uk 's inflation rate is set to rise by more than a third , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for 16 years for plotting to join so - called islamic state in syria .
a south african man arrested in connection with the murder of anni dewani has been released on bail .
the number of midwives in wales is set to rise by more than 50 % over the next three years , according to a report .
archaeologists say they have uncovered the remains of a roman fort in cardiff as part of an archaeological dig .
two of the world 's best - known buildings have been damaged by a window window window .
former us secretary of state hillary clinton has died at the age of 83 , her family has announced .
china 's gambling industry has reported a sharp rise in revenue in the first quarter of the year .
china 's biggest smartphone maker , huawei , has been fined $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- by the us government .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe 's new government is not a good place .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in stoke - on - trent .
a married couple have admitted sexually assaulting a woman and her husband in their home in greater manchester .
an australian man has died at the age of 82 .   's death after suffering a sexual assault .
a lorry driver has been arrested in germany on suspicion of carrying out a lorry on a berlin train .
cardiff city will be able to play in cardiff city for the first time in their history after being diagnosed with malaria .
us president barack obama has paid tribute to us comedian bill clinton , who has died at the age of 90 .
former rangers footballer lee clark has appeared in court accused of attempting to murder his ex - boyfriend .
ipswich town manager mick mccarthy says he is ` ` delighted '' with his side 's recent form .
poland 's right - wing nationalist party has won a landslide majority in the first round of parliamentary elections .
plans for a new runway at gatwick airport have been submitted to the council for the first time .
guernsey fc manager stephen green says his side 's fa cup quarter - final against guernsey was a ` ` disaster '' .
oldham athletic moved up to second in the league one table with a comfortable win over oldham at roots hall .
one of the uk 's biggest suppliers , tesco and tesco , was forced to pay # 1.5 m in compensation .
a group of motorists are taking part in a drive to save the lives of people in tanzania .
the risk of heart attacks and heart attacks should be reduced by a third of patients , a report suggests .
a glastonbury festival has been fined # 2,000 after a sewage leak was found in the water .
falkirk manager peter houston is looking forward to his side 's goalless start to the season .
mps are to vote on whether the house of lords should be given the go - ahead on english laws .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called on the country 's finance minister to resign .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the challenges facing the country .
boxer nick blackwell has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury during a training session in wiltshire .
england head coach eddie jones says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's recent form .
wigan warriors fly - half tomkins has signed a new three - year contract with the super league club .
hearts have made their first signing of the summer by bringing in former hearts and hearts winger craig levein .
oscar - winning actor tom hiddleston has told the bbc he is ` ` not sure '' that he does n't know it .
it 's not easy to forget that the australian prime minister narendra modi 's decision to quit the country .
a chicago airlines flight has apologised after a video emerged of a man who fell into a toilet on board .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted on a train .
an american boy has died after being attacked by an alligator in florida in the us state of florida .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has called for the country 's new president , nicolas maduro , to step down as president .
the grenfell tower in north - west london is a huge fire that has left residents unable to leave their homes .
a man has been given a suspended jail term for posting a tweet on twitter about twitter .
tributes have been paid to a writer who has died at the age of 90 .   's day
` ` i ' ve been working with the clock , '' says sir david attenborough .
belgian police say they have foiled an attack on a shopping centre in brussels that left eight people dead .
a student who had a leg amputated after being fitted with a hand has been reunited with her .
bbc radio 4 has reported a sharp rise in the number of listeners compared with last year 's year .
german hackers are reported to have carried out an attack on a german tourist , according to reports .
iaaf president lord coe says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the sport 's governing body 's ethics committee .
newcastle united boss steve mcclaren says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's sacking of manager steve mcclaren .
a man has been jailed for life for killing a man with a claw hammer in a ` ` cowardly attack '' .
researchers in germany have found a picture of a man they say was behind a ` ` massive '' attack on facebook .
the number of christians in england has fallen by more than 10 % in the past year , a survey suggests .
a decision on whether parents should be allowed to stay in school has been criticised by a group of mps .
sir elton john has told the bbc he does not want to stay in the uk because of hiv .
scientists have discovered what is thought to be the oldest fossil in the world , which has been thought to have been extinct in the uk .
the army has apologised after a group of welsh rugby fans said they were ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by the outbreak of the somme .
the former boss of the costa concordia has gone on trial accused of causing the sinking of a cruise ship .
two us swimmers have been banned from competing at the rio olympics after they were accused of being drunk .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says his side 's fa cup quarter - final win over shrewsbury was a ` ` disaster '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with plotting to kill a woman and her husband in a knife attack .
derby county came from behind to beat brentford and move back to within three points of the championship relegation zone .
at least 15 people have been killed in an air strike in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
two teenage boys who went missing in the us have been reunited with their mother , us media report .
the leader of pakistan 's anti - corruption party has been arrested in connection with the murder of an mp in karachi .
anglers should be given the go - ahead to protect marine protected areas , an am has said .
the world 's largest teaching school has been given the go - ahead for the first time .
police investigating the disappearance of a 17-year - old girl in blackpool say they are ` ` shocked and disappointed '' .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says the europa league play - off semi - finals will be a ` ` huge mistake '' .
the bbc 's sound of 2016 has been named best - selling band of the year for the first time .
aung san suu kyi has announced he will stand for the first time in myanmar 's history .
in the wake of the death of hurricane matthew , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme shows that the animals are at risk of extinction .
one of northern ireland 's most senior figures , laura o'neill , has told the bbc she is ` ` not afraid '' .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , figures show .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat fleetwood and move into the league one play - off places with a 2 - 1 win over fleetwood .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but there 's a lot of people in scotland .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the giro d'italia with victory in paris .
celtic 's under-21s have been named in the scotland squad for the champions league group stage .
a new hospital in south lanarkshire is set to be built as part of a # 1.5 m revamp .
jeremy corbyn has described the grenfell tower fire as ` ` the worst in the uk '' .
` ` narendra modi , '' says narendra modya , a group of people from myanmar -lrb- formerly untouchable -rrb- .
norwich city midfielder kyle lafferty has been charged with breaching betting rules by the football association .
a former us olympic gymnast has been found guilty of sexually abusing two young women in the us .
the bbc 's director general has said the corporation is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the corporation .
a driver who caused the death of a six - year - old boy in a crash has been given a suspended sentence .
chinese artist ai weiwei has visited a museum in athens to highlight the migrant crisis in the mediterranean .
ospreys fly - half rhys priestland says he is ready to play for wales in the six nations .
northern ireland 's sports minister has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that the culture minister has resigned .
the number of patients waiting for a&e at yorkshire 's newest hospital has risen by more than 30 % , figures show .
house prices in the uk rose by 0.1 % in march , according to the latest official figures .
wales scrum - half rhys patchell says scarlets will have to beat new zealand in the european champions cup .
a man has been found dead in a nightclub in manchester city centre after a night out in the city .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
paula radcliffe says she is ` ` disappointed '' by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- 's decision to strip athletes of doping .
gay rights activists in the us state of san francisco have called for a ban on muslims entering the country .
seagulls could be at risk of flooding in denbighshire , according to a report .
a prison officer has told an inquest how a woman was found dead in her cell at leeds prison .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend and her ex - girlfriend .
the summer transfer window closed in england and wales for the first time in more than a decade , but there was no sign of the club 's plans .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences following a shooting at a house in east london .
one of wales ' oldest buildings has died after a long - running battle with the welsh government .
scientists have developed a new way to improve life - saving skills at a hospital in greater manchester .
albania and albania have been fined # 2,000 by uefa for using a drone during euro 2016 .
former spanish football federation president cer ceferin has resigned from the country 's football federation .
benedict cumberbatch has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to have made his first appearance in the film 's history .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the sport 's governing body .
ross county manager gordon strachan says he will not be able to play for the league one club .
mansfield 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by barnet .
former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has appeared in court in dublin on charges of money laundering .
chelsea have completed the signing of real madrid striker alvaro morata for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
scotrail has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the rmt union has agreed a deal to resolve a dispute over driver - only trains .
league two side grimsby town have signed former reading and reading midfielder liam macdonald on a two - year deal .
guatemala 's supreme court has upheld the death sentence of former military ruler mahatma gandhi , who was convicted of genocide .
children 's services in birmingham have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission .
west ham 's adam gold has been left out of the premier league after being sent off by west ham .
a chronology of key events in the czech republic -lrb- vc -rrb- is marking the centenary of the battle of orgreave .
police have said they are ` ` devastated '' after a number of people were stolen from a fife church .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to move into second practice at the bahrain grand prix .
a nurse has been banned from the nhs for two years for sending abusive messages to a patient . '
anti - semitic incidents in the uk are being targeted by hate crimes , police have said .
the mayor of birmingham has apologised to the city 's mayor of paris over comments she made about the paris attacks .
russian president vladimir putin has apologised to russian opposition leader ramzan kadyrov after his video emerged showing him shooting dead a russian man .
the white house has been in the united states , and it 's not easy to tell us what they want to be the subject of a scathing attack .
chelsea captain antonio conte has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league champions until 2020 .
southampton have completed the signing of england under-21 striker harry redk from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
somerset moved to the top of the division one table with a thumping victory over somerset at lord 's .
schools across the uk have been taking part in the bbc 's annual report on climate change and education .
mae dyn wedi dweud bod wedi dweud eu bod wedi cael ei garcharu am ddiweddol .
the university of aberdeen -lrb- sfa -rrb- has launched a consultation on whether it can improve the quality of patients with learning disabilities .
the bbc has won the national book of the year award for the first time in more than 20 years .
a spanish court has ruled that a spanish woman could be deported from spain after a court ruled it could be illegal .
ireland all - rounder liam dawson will miss the remainder of the one - day series against sri lanka because of a knee injury .
` ` i ' ve got a bit of a bit more than i ' ve been talking . ''
a former boarding school head teacher has appeared in court charged with sexually abusing children at a school .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has been ruled out of the tour of australia because of a hamstring injury .
a memorial to sir winston churchill 's son , who died during world war one , has been unveiled .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in a car park in lancashire .
two boys have been charged with attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in a stabbing in hampshire .
a bride 's wedding ring has been sold at auction for # 20,000 -lrb- $ 1,000 -rrb- .
a school bus driver was left with a broken leg when he was stolen from a school in powys .
middlesbrough boss aitor karanka says his side 's 2 - 0 defeat at middlesbrough was ` ` not good enough '' .
notts county ladies have completed the signing of liverpool women 's super league one club liverpool ladies .
the number of people living in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to new figures .
a taxi driver has died in thailand , local media say , after a man was killed in a car crash .
plans for a new primary school in the borders have been approved by the scottish borders council -lrb- fai -rrb- .
a woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
the number of students at aberystwyth university has risen , according to the latest figures .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the spread of heart attacks in england and wales .
the bbc has raised # 2,000 to help a 12-year - old boy with brain tumours .
people with alzheimer 's disease could be tested by scientists in nottingham , according to a new study .
one of the world 's best - known buddhists , robert mugabe , has died at the age of 89 .
cheltenham town have been granted permission to build a new stadium for the first time in the county 's history .
aberdeen 's scottish premiership title hopes were dealt a blow after a goalless draw at tynecastle .
the government 's plan to build more affordable homes in england has been unveiled by the prime minister .
it 's just a few weeks since the uk voted to leave the european union , and it 's not quite a bit of a question .
wigan warriors full - back sam burgess has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
donald trump 's bid to build an offshore wind farm in aberdeen has been approved by the scottish government .
a report into child sexual exploitation in northern ireland has found no evidence of widespread abuse in the area .
a study has found that brain activity in the brain 's brain has found a significant increase in life .
more than 1,000 homes were left without water after heavy rain caused major flooding in southend .
thailand 's lee fitzpatrick carded a three - under - par 66 to win the european tour championship in bangkok .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecb -rrb- has ruled that companies should be banned from using electronic devices .
us supreme court justice antonin ginsburg has told the supreme court she felt ` ` angry '' .
rail services between edinburgh and edinburgh have been disrupted after a power cut led to power cuts and disruption .
bath have signed scrum - half rhys evans on a two - year deal from next season .
comedian whit whittaker has revealed he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by reports that he made a series of female characters .
ukip leader paul nuttall has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's leader in wales .
sir john attenborough has told newsround he will not be able to join the uk .
the school of bailey gwynne is to investigate the killing of schoolboy bailey gwynne .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod llywodraeth cymru .
people who have a stroke are more likely to be diagnosed , according to a new study in the lancet .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of devolution .
a man has been found guilty of trying to steal a taxi driver 's mobile phone from glasgow .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a fuel depot in county down .
apple 's latest instagram post is the subject of a legal battle with a trademark trademark trademark .
the snp 's kezia dugdale has been re - elected by - election .
china 's communist party has apologised for the ` ` hatred '' caused by the death of a chinese student at a university .
jose mourinho will miss chelsea 's fa cup quarter - final against celta vigo on saturday .
barclays has reported a 6 % rise in profits for the first three months of the year , helped by the bank of england .
the number of cancer patients in england has risen by more than a third in five years , figures show .
a pembrokeshire man has spoken of his ` ` heartbreak '' about nazi concentration camps in world war two .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- says the uk 's energy sector needs to be ` ` very difficult '' .
us secretary of state theresa may has said she is ` ` appalled '' by the ` ` genocide '' in iraq .
lewis hamilton won the mexican grand prix for the second time in a row with his mercedes team - mate nico rosberg .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says the chief executive of the royal rail company -lrb- ioi -rrb- .
the number of high - rise buildings in england and wales has increased in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
the sale of so - called ` ` legal highs '' led to a spate of legal highs , the bbc has learned .
two young boys have been voted in favour of a new team of scottish rugby club 's new badge .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes on southern rail have been called off by the rmt union .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino says he is ` ` not happy '' about his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over burnley .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scotland under-21 squad .
an 11-year - old girl has died in a collision with a lorry in powys .
wladimir klitschko will fight wladimir klitschko for the wba heavyweight title at london 's o2 arena .
the israeli prime minister has warned that the country 's nuclear deterrent is ` ` not safe '' .
the uk 's top court has ordered the government to review air pollution in its bid to curb air pollution .
one of the world 's best - known restaurants , the paris - based q&b , is set to buy a paris - based q&b .
the new hibernian manager neil lennon was appointed as the new manager of hibernian at the weekend .
general electric -lrb- alstom -rrb- has agreed to buy the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- ttp -rrb- .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has rejected greece 's request for a bailout deal with greece .
a us court has ruled that one of the world 's best - known pharmaceutical firms is suing the company for the disease .
the body of iranian president hassan rouhani has been found in a prison in tehran , his lawyer says .
the taliban have been reacting to the news that the taliban attack on a school in the pakistani city of kunduz came to an end .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in cambridgeshire .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are among the gifts given to the royal mint to mark their birth .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the heart of the cameroon football team .
former prime minister lord falconer has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the decision to fly a submarine to wales .
hibernian have re - signed former rangers and rangers defender zander zander on loan until the end of the season .
a former australian senator has announced he is to leave the party 's general election , the party has announced .
alastair cook has been ruled out of england 's tour of south africa with an ankle injury .
one of the world 's most famous steam locomotives , flying scotsman , is to return to the public .
the world 's longest - serving monarch , princess of wales , has died at the age of 94 .
a 16-year - old boy who sexually abused two teenage girls has been jailed for 12 years .
mexico 's president has declared a state of emergency after a helicopter crashed in the capital , san diego .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union has been an important issue for the business , and it 's easy to do it .
a dundee - based mobile phone company has launched its bid to become the first woman in the uk to compete in the competition .
if you 're going to the top of the world , there 's a chance to go to the next stage .
saudi police say they have killed at least 20 people and injured dozens of others in the southern city of mecca .
a taxi driver who admitted sexually assaulting two teenage boys in dundee has been found guilty of attempted murder .
anti - social behaviour is being introduced in a denbighshire town as part of a crackdown on anti - social behaviour .
the number of people killed in the tunisian beach attack has risen to 20 , the interior minister says .
a # 3.5 m revamp of a park in east london has been announced by the city council .
the uk grand prix was the biggest sporting event in the history of the year , according to organisers .
the head of royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has told the bbc that the uk should remain in the european union .
iran 's nuclear watchdog has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that its nuclear programme has not been resolved .
ed miliband has called for a ban on zero - hours workers from zero - hours contracts .
the snp and the snp have clashed over the general election result in the scottish general election .
a birmingham city 's tram system is to reopen after a five - year lease was completed .
people with mental health problems are more likely to have their mental health , according to a new study .
queens park rangers moved up to second in the championship with victory over qpr at elland road .
oxford university has apologised for ` ` dangerous '' students who say they are ` ` angry '' about their student accommodation .
great britain will not be able to qualify for the 2018 winter olympics , says olympic skeleton champion lizzy yarnold .
new zealand won the america 's cup for the first time with a 2 - 1 victory over new zealand .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a robbery in kilmarnock .
samsung electronics has cut its profit forecast for the first quarter of the year , the world 's biggest smartphone maker .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has been re - elected as the snp 's new leader .
the white house has released a series of letters from the united states to the us , with a mixture of anger and anger .
two british tourists have been arrested in peru on suspicion of spying , the foreign office has said , after being released on bail .
a judge in the us has ordered the release of a convicted murderer who is serving a life sentence .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to smuggle a woman from a car in a motorway crash .
a four - year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in london .
a petition calling for the uk to leave the european union has been rejected by a group of mps .
brendan rodgers has been appointed celtic 's new manager on a three - year deal , replacing brendan rodgers .
manchester city and manchester united are to host the champions league final at manchester 's ariana grande concert .
polish film director and film - maker zj wadada has died at the age of 90 .
a welsh mp has criticised the uk government 's decision to force a drone strike in syria to be carried out .
labour has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the welsh government 's plans for the nhs in wales .
a man has appeared in court in connection with the seizure of cannabis with an estimated street value of # 20,000 .
the organisers of scotland 's biggest music festival have said they will not be affected by the event .
more than 1,000 migrants have been arrested in dover on suspicion of smuggling migrants into the uk .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a gang of vandalism .
poland 's parliament has rejected a bill that would allow abortions to be banned from entering the country .
a review into baby ashes at cremations in shropshire is to be carried out by the government .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a raid on a jewellers .
jane williams has announced she is stepping down from her role in the new york times , saying she is ` ` shocked '' .
india 's central bank has approved a new stimulus package for the country 's central central bank .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene reflects on social media in egypt .
a memorial service is to be held to mark the victims of the shoreham airshow crash in which 11 people died .
wales manager chris coleman says his side are capable of reaching the 2018 world cup , despite their win over georgia .
a polish man has won a gold medal in the men 's canoe slalom team for rio 2016 .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
tens of thousands of people have protested in the afghan capital , kabul , in protest against a fuel subsidy .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe has called on the country 's government to shut down the sale of assets .
former british number one caroline wozniacki has announced she will retire from the aegon championships .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a bar in north london .
for the first time in the uk , bt 's flagship flagship broadband scheme was n't just one .
more than 1,000 people have died in floods in the czech republic , officials have said .
` ` i ' m a long - term athlete , '' says the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
glamorgan all - rounder colin ingram says he wants to stay with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
the uk anti - doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- has defended its decision to ban sexism in the sport .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the price of oil has fallen for the second time this year , as the oil price hit its lowest level since 2009 .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the discovery of a suspected drugs plot .
kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable win over kilmarnock .
a police officer who was shot and killed by gunman raoul moat has been appointed as the force 's new chief constable .
a six - year - old girl suffered serious head injuries after being injured in a ` ` cowardly '' attack .
an investigation is under way into a plane crash that killed 11 people and injured more than 100 others .
the hs2 high - speed rail link between sheffield and sheffield has been formally identified by the government .
it 's been confirmed as the uk 's best - known artist of the year .
sir david attenborough is to leave the bbc proms at this year 's bbc proms .
a british backpacker has died after he was hit by a train in thailand , police have said .
republican front - runner donald trump and republican front - runner ted cruz have launched a debate in florida .
parents have called for a ban on smacking their children to be banned from smacking their heads .
the scottish spca has said it is investigating the death of a snake that was found in a plastic bag .
south africa 's supreme court has voted to remove a statue of cecil rhodes from the university of cape town .
marcus rashford scored a hat - trick as manchester united came from behind to beat hull city in the premier league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- .
russia 's parliament has approved a bill that would impose sanctions on the country 's citizens , state media report .
a sculpture has been unveiled in sheffield to mark the centenary of the death of a woman who died in the city .
drugs with advanced prostate cancer could help boost the risk of prostate cancer , a study in the lancet suggests .
tributes have been paid to the ` ` best - known '' british actress who has died at the age of 89 .
a school in the isle of wight has won a high court battle over a decision on holiday to parents .
guernsey 's women 's hockey team won their first medal of the year at the island games .
police in paris say they have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a gang - raped raid .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in the owner of the london pub .
a labour mp has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's decision to remove his son from the party .
saracens director of rugby richard cockerill has told the bbc that he is ` ` disappointed '' by the rugby world cup .
harlequins moved up to second in the european challenge cup with a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons .
manchester city have agreed a deal to sign argentina midfielder carlos tevez on a three - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as investors digest the us federal reserve 's decision to leave the european union .
northern ireland 's first minister nicola mcallister has said she is ` ` thrilled '' to be given to northern ireland .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on homeless women in edinburgh .
bolton wanderers have paid tribute to former england and wales captain tom davies , who has died aged 84 .
hearts head coach ian cathro says he is ` ` shocked '' by the club 's recent recent form .
google 's artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- system has been developed by scientists .
investigators have found the remains of the missing egyptair plane that crashed in the mediterranean earlier this month .
swansea city manager francesco guidolin says he is ` ` confident '' his side can avoid relegation .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
northern ireland 's education committee has called for a review into the use of religious education in northern ireland .
league two side hartlepool united have signed sunderland striker adam rooney on loan until the end of the season .
the head of the us central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has warned that the federal reserve will not raise interest rates .
one of the uk 's most endangered species of crayfish has been given the go - ahead .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been given a two - match ban for failing a drugs test .
morocco is one of the world 's most remote islands , but it is also known as poli .
former arsenal and reading manager tony pulis has left the club by mutual consent after six years in charge .
england manager roy hodgson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
sussex all - rounder chris woakes has been ruled out for the rest of the county championship season .
england all - rounder alastair cook made a winning start to the one - day cup with a five - wicket win over nottinghamshire .
as thousands of migrants fled the uk from the calais migrant camp , the bbc 's victoria cross has learned .
dumfries and galloway council has launched a bid to reduce the number of bikes available on the roads .
sussex have appointed former sussex all - rounder ryan walker as their new head coach .   's first - team coach .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
bolivian president evo morales has arrived in the bolivian capital , evo morales , in a bid to save the land .
mk dons came from behind to beat bristol rovers and move into the league one play - off places .
a health board has been criticised for failing to fund a # 100 m fund to fund the nhs .
in the southern indian state of uttar pradesh , india 's deputy prime minister narendra modi is celebrating his 50th birthday .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the removal of flags from northern ireland during world war one .
a russian auction house has sold for $ 1,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- in a bid to sell a sculpture of his wife .
newport gwent dragons head coach alan solomons says his side 's premiership play - off hopes will be a ` ` huge blow '' .
thousands of people have taken part in a race to take part in the vendee globe race .
a man has been charged with the murder of a 15-year - old girl who was assaulted in bristol .
a 15-year - old boy has been charged with hare coursing in a rural area of scotland .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a74 in county down .
mae ' r heddlu gogledd wedi dweud bod wedi dweud wrth i farwolaeth cymru wedi marwodraeth cymru .
salford red devils head coach david wagner says saturday 's elite league play - off semi - final at the sse arena will be a success .
a blue plaque has been unveiled in derby to mark the 50th anniversary of the army 's liberation .
ex - england footballer adam johnson has told a court he ` ` felt like a girl '' and ` ` never wanted '' .
the world 's largest music event , the music industry 's biggest online event , has been taking place .
new york city council has been fined # 2,000 for driving through a city centre bus lane .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader , peter mcguinness , has died aged 84 .
if you want to know what you 're going to think about the dangers of shark attacks , there 's a lot of noise and anger .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the migrant crisis .
barnsley boss paul heckingbottom says he is not interested in signing a new contract with the championship club .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend in west lothian has been jailed for life .
joe root and joe root have been included in england 's squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
a belfast bakery has lost its appeal against a high court ruling that the supreme court has failed in a bid to overturn a legal challenge .
tens of thousands of people have marched in venice to protest against the city 's multi - million pound regeneration .
shots have been fired at a primary school in merseyside , police have said , after shots were fired .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the country 's best - known men .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers is looking forward to the premier league title this season , but liverpool are still waiting for the title .
protests have been held in cleveland in the us state of cleveland over the fatal shooting of a black teenager .
wales have been drawn to face china in the quarter - finals of the welsh open in china .
german chancellor angela merkel 's decision to leave the european union is likely to be the next us president .
the number of youtube videos posted on youtube has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the men 's doubles with victory over croatia 's kei nishikori .
the body of a swansea man who died when a collapsed building collapsed has been recovered , the bbc understands .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has said he will not stand for president - elect donald trump 's presidency .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the giro d'italia as belgium 's richie porte won stage three .
` ` we ' ve been going to the polls , '' said ed miliband , the conservative party 's former leader .
young people in africa are being warned to be banned from skin cancer because of the risk of skin cancer .
usain bolt is one of the world 's best - known journalists , but he 'll be the most powerful figure in the world .
jose mourinho has been sacked as the premier league club 's most famous club manager .
england moved to the top of the european rugby championship with a hard - fought victory over france at twickenham .
glamorgan completed their first championship win of the season as they beat glamorgan by seven wickets in a thrilling match .
the welsh government has been urged to give more money to wales ' public spending watchdogs after the welsh conservatives failed to meet its spending review .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the work of a cambridge cambridge schoolboy .
munster have appointed former new zealand fly - half conor o'connell as their new head coach .
a 15-year - old girl has been sexually assaulted by a man on a railway line , police have said .
hungary 's interior minister has said he will not be able to stop migrants trying to cross the border .
british author and writer ada collins has died at the age of 82 , her family has said . '
tottenham hotspur have completed the signing of defender serge aurier from bundesliga side eintracht frankfurt for an undisclosed fee .
a hospital in los angeles has apologised after a patient was seriously injured during an operation .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a house in west belfast , police have said .
newport county have re - signed bournemouth midfielder nathan davis on a two - year deal .   's
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have killed at least 15 people in a series of attacks in syria , activists say .
former england batsman kevin pietersen has been recalled to the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- after the one - day series against south africa .
south korea 's president park geun - hye has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal .
a woman 's body has been found in a house in berkshire , prompting a police appeal to trace the public .
women 's super league one side birmingham city ladies have been left out of the women 's fa cup .
a canadian court has sentenced a canadian student to 15 years in prison for sexually assaulting a student .
david cameron has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will remain in the european union after brexit .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has called for a review into the deaths of two cyclists in england and wales .
us president - elect donald trump has apologised to his former lawyer for leaking documents to his email account .
the number of people suspected of fraud in the uk has risen by more than a third in a year , according to citizens advice .
plans for a new stadium in stoke - on - trent have been given the go - ahead .
china 's manufacturing sector rebounded in august , boosted by a slowdown in the manufacturing sector .
the government has been criticised by the bbc over plans to introduce a licence fee for public prosecutions .
-lrb- close -rrb- : japan 's nikkei index closed lower on friday , with the s&p 500 index closing higher .
the inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people has been opened by the scottish government .
the uk 's best - known book of the year is about to be made available online .
leicester city have signed chelsea midfielder n'golo kante on loan until the end of the season .
alan stubbs has been appointed hibernian 's new manager on a two - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday , with the dow jones index hitting a three - year high .
the owners of a waste recycling plant in greater manchester have been given a six - month suspended jail sentence .
pembrokeshire council 's chief executive has been accused of sexually abusing a six - year - old boy .
a council has apologised after a ` ` malicious '' tweet posted on twitter .
pakistan 's prime minister narendra modi 's decision to end the death of a child has sparked anger in the country 's media .
luis suarez scored twice as valencia beat valencia 2 - 0 in the first leg of their copa del rey semi - final .
west ham united have signed west ham striker dimitri payet from west ham on a two - year deal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the body of osama bin laden 's body has been found in a flat in the us city of kunduz , us officials say .
a 92-year - old woman has been jailed for stealing thousands of pounds from a school bike .
boris johnson is one of britain 's best - known politicians , and it 's not just a few days to go .
formula 1 fans will be taking part in this weekend 's abu dhabi grand prix , which will be seen by the sport 's governing body .
network rail is to pay compensation to commuters who have been affected by flooding in the east of england .
welsh secretary alun cairns has told the bbc he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to leaving the european union .
thousands of people have taken part in a halloween festival celebrating leicester 's city 's hogmanay .
a group of lifeboat crew members have been told they will not be allowed to leave their lifeboat station .
the head of the catholic church of ireland 's catholic council -lrb- dnr -rrb- has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the paedophiles were abused .
a # 3.5 m scheme to improve flood protection in dumfries and galloway has been approved by councillors .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in gwynedd .
teachers in england say they are ` ` disappointed '' that some of their teachers have been banned from teaching .
china 's media watchdog says it is ` ` saddened '' by allegations of corruption in the country .
serena williams beat serena williams in straight sets to win the women 's singles at the australian open .
a british man has gone on trial accused of attacking a police officer in the us state of oregon .
the number of uk wind farms in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to a report .
a decision on whether a welsh language secondary school should be scrapped has been approved by powys council .
glasgow - based airline kfc has announced a new flight from glasgow to amsterdam to inverness . .
some schools in england are failing to improve standards , says a report from the watchdog ofsted .
a group of councils in england and wales say they are concerned that some children should be allowed to marry their children .
the us supreme court has ruled that the supreme court 's supreme court ruling on the death penalty is unconstitutional .
hull city manager garry monk says he is ` ` disappointed '' his players will not be able to sign a new contract .
a golf club boss has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a golf player by drowning him .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a block of flats .
great britain 's davis cup semi - final against romania has been postponed because of a knee injury .
yum brands , the world 's largest restaurant chain , has reported a rise in profits for the three months to september .
the met office is warning of the dangers of lightning and thunderstorms in the south of england .
hundreds of students have marched through falkirk to protest against plans to build more than 100 student accommodation .
when gareth bale 's last - minute winner at swansea 's under-20 world cup semi - final against celta vigo on saturday , there 's a lot of drama .
the international institute for economic co - operation -lrb- opec -rrb- has said that the oil industry has been ` ` devastated '' .
hearts midfielder osian oshilaja has announced his retirement from international football with the scottish premiership club .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day higher , with shares in mining companies closing higher .
the first episode of bbc one drama sherlock has topped the list of the uk 's best - known series .
an elderly man has been caught in a christmas tree in the city of suffolk for the first time .
the family of a man who was found dead at a house in bradford have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
motorists in england and wales will be able to pay for new car insurance premiums , the government has announced .
a plaque has been unveiled in swansea to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of sir philip bowen .
british number one johanna konta says she is ` ` proud '' of being crowned wimbledon women 's singles champion for the first time .
jeremy corbyn has called for a ban on smoking in public sector workers , saying it is a ` ` disgrace '' .
at least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured after a train derailed in eastern bulgaria , officials say .
ukraine 's government has extended its border with ukraine to try to reach a deal with pro - russian rebels .
a mother has spoken of her ` ` very happy '' letter to her newborn baby after a festive photo went viral .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has told the bbc he wants to ` ` break up '' the party 's leadership .
a bbc drama about a child sex abuser is to return to the uk after a series of sexual assaults .
a us senator has arrived in syria for the first time in more than two years , the white house has said .
a theatre in east london is to undergo a # 2.5 m revamp of the city 's theatre .
a man has been found guilty of raping and raping two teenage girls at a police station .
former scotland captain john barclay says he is ` ` proud '' of his scotland side after their six nations win over italy .
scotland manager gordon strachan says his side can not afford to reach the 2018 world cup qualifying campaign .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo says his mercedes team will not be able to win the singapore grand prix .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why nigeria 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- ipcc -rrb- is going into the spotlight .
a man has been injured after being bitten by a dog in a circus in south - west germany .
the wife of a british couple accused of plotting to overthrow india 's government has told the bbc that she is wanted to return home .
two men have been charged with conspiring to defraud the victims of the so - called islamic state group .
a football club 's home ground is set to close after a # 1.5 m revamp .
the uk and russia have agreed to resettle the besieged syrian town of darayya , the un has said .
hearts are set to vote on whether to return to the club from next season after the club agreed a deal with the premiership club .
former wales rugby international gareth edwards has been inducted into the welsh rugby union 's hall of fame .
a grade ii - listed leisure centre in nottinghamshire is set to be closed by the county council .
former chancellor iain duncan smith has resigned as shadow chancellor of the exchequer , saying he is ` ` confident '' the uk will remain in the eu .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a cargo ship in north sinai , egyptian officials say .
google 's search and security services have been targeted by hackers in the wake of the uk 's cyber - attack .
an indian woman who has been fighting in the western indian city of bangalore has said she is ` ` devastated '' by recent attacks .
a couple have been told they will not be allowed to give birth to their baby , a judge has ruled .
a mother has been found dead in the house of commons after a toy was found in a house .
league one side gillingham have signed former aston villa midfielder jack stacey on a two - year deal .
the uk 's largest animal welfare watchdog is warning people not to be banned from using adverts .
carlisle united have re - signed midfielder matt crooks on loan until the end of the season .
wales scrum - half rhys patchell says he will be fit for saturday 's six nations match against scotland .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman whose body was found in a canal .
the egyptian parliament has voted to ban the use of anti - government protesters from entering the country .
leyton orient have re - signed leyton orient midfielder jack grimmer on loan until the end of the season .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle explosives into manchester united 's training ground .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed outside a bar in glasgow city centre .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season .
denmark 's prime minister petro poroshenko has said he will form a coalition with the government .
a bbc investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at children 's charity kids company is under way , the bbc has learned .
google has unveiled a new version of its blood products , which could be used to treat parkinson 's disease .
the number of women living in northern ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a new report .
us carmaker ford has reported a sharp rise in profits for the three months to march , helped by strong sales of its vehicles .
a man has died after his van crashed into a van in coleraine , county londonderry .
lebanese shia muslims have been killed in clashes between government forces and shia militias in lebanon , officials say .
bolton wanderers have agreed a deal to buy bolton wanderers for # 8.5 m , bbc radio manchester understands .
a man has died following a two - vehicle crash on the a55 in powys .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m going to do , '' says jeremy corbyn .
reading came from behind to beat reading in the efl cup second round and reach the third round .
it 's a year since the death of muhammad ali , who has died at the age of 89 .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has apologised for his role in drug trafficking and drug trafficking .
one of the world 's largest tidal energy projects is to be built in shetland , it has been claimed .
newsround 's media report on north korea 's nuclear programme has been widely criticised by bbc news ni .
tottenham have completed the signing of spanish striker luis suarez from valencia on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
liam neeson has said she was ` ` disappointed '' by the latest episode of downton abbey .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after a two - vehicle landslip in county armagh .
league one side rochdale have re - signed striker andy carroll on a season - long loan deal .
leicestershire kept their hopes of a one - day cup quarter - final win over leicestershire at grace road .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about how you 're doing .
qpr manager chris ramsey has been charged by the football association for failing to control his players ' behaviour .
tributes have been paid to mark the 50th anniversary of the dambuslang , the band has announced .
a former catholic priest has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys at a catholic school .
britain 's anthony joshua says he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of anthony joshua .
the daily telegraph 's latest edition of the belfast telegraph is about to be published on thursday , but it is not easy to tell the story .
a man who stabbed a woman to death at a mental health unit in brighton has been detained indefinitely .
north korea has said it is ` ` confident '' its satellite will be fired in the country .
st mirren have re - signed goalkeeper jeremy clarkson on a season - long loan from bristol city .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping a 15-year - old girl in lancashire .
one of scotland 's best - known renewable energy firms is looking forward to the scottish economy .
two young people have spoken of their ordeal at nottingham 's grand prix , saying they were ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
police in australia have released images of two child sex abuse images of children , including a paedophile .
the company that owns the world 's biggest computer has been awarded $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- .
more than 1,000 people are expected to arrive in the uk as part of the annual census of the population .
a russian singer has been charged with inciting hatred after he was attacked by a group of anti - islam activists .
media group trinity mirror has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs in australia , the country 's biggest newspaper .
` ` i ' m looking forward to the media , '' says james corden , the man who 's been talking about the question : ` ` i do n't know what '' ?
northern ireland 's first minister has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that the stormont executive will not be able to spend more time .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- says it is ` ` very important '' that britain 's armed forces are trying to defend the country .
a vicar has been arrested on suspicion of indecent assault after an 18-year - old man was reported to police .
scientists have developed a ` ` bionic '' type of diabetes that can help detect the brain 's immune system .
plymouth argyle striker david goodwillie has told bbc scotland he wants to leave the club at the end of the season .
pope francis has said he is ` ` saddened '' by the lack of health in northern ireland .
hiv could be used to treat hiv in the australian city of melbourne , a study has found in australia .
blackburn have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players during saturday 's fa cup quarter - final against blackburn .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side are capable of reaching the champions league quarter - finals .
kim jong - un 's latest film has been targeted by hackers in the us and south korea .
glasgow university is preparing to become the first scottish university in the world to host the 2022 commonwealth games .
a man has been found guilty of raping and raping a 15-year - old girl .
north ferriby moved up to third in the national league with a comfortable win over north ferriby .
kidderminster harriers manager paul gordon has signed a new two - year contract with the national league club .
prime minister david cameron 's speech on the eu 's membership of the european union has been deferred .
swansea city have appointed alan curtis as their new head coach on a two - year deal . ''
the number of people taking part in britain 's largest swimming pool has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
more than 100 people have been evacuated from a hospital in cornwall because of a norovirus outbreak .
ukip leader nigel farage has resigned from the party , saying he is ` ` devastated '' .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- pra -rrb- is to be reviewed by the high court of justice , the financial watchdog has said .
northern ireland 's hannah cockroft won bronze in the women 's 4x400 m final at the european championships in london .
a tv advert for adverts for adverts is to be introduced in the republic of ireland .
coronation street 's victoria street is among the stars who have been nominated for this year 's royal television awards .
two brothers have been found guilty of stealing a baby from a zoo in sydney after they were stolen .
wolves have made their first signing of the under-20 africa cup of nations -lrb- chan -rrb- for the first time .
championship side bradford bulls have been put up for sale by the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- .
manager derek mcinnes believes rangers can win the scottish premiership 's top - flight title this season .
former newcastle united midfielder jonas gutierrez says he has been diagnosed with cancer and says he is ` ` devastated '' .
the gunman who shot and killed four people at a cinema in the us state of colorado has appeared in court .
a major road in somerset has been closed after heavy rain caused flooding and disruption to the main road .
swansea city council is set to announce its decision on whether to build the city 's new headquarters .
colin ingram 's maiden first - class century of the season helped glamorgan to a five - wicket win over glamorgan .
canadian police say they have detained nine people suspected of trying to join islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found at a house in coleraine .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has been celebrating his first birthday in the capital , delhi .
oldham athletic 's league one match against oldham has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the pound has fallen for the second time in a row , with the pound falling below the level .
two soldiers have been found guilty of taking part in a protest at the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a car in south belfast .
the isle of wight council 's new leader has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be able to run his seat .
the owner of bg group , the royal dutch shell , has reported a fall in profits for the three months to march .
apple has been awarded the victoria & albert book of the year for the first time in its history .
a teenager accused of raping a 15-year - old girl in county tyrone has told a jury she was raped .
a judge has criticised the department of education -lrb- psni -rrb- for failing to pay compensation for victims of a belfast school bus crash .
in the iraqi town of mosul , one of the country 's most powerful villages , was the worst in the world .
a fire which broke out at a recycling plant in carmarthenshire is being treated as suspicious .
crawley town midfielder liam henderson has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .s
the government is to introduce a new national minimum wage -lrb- cbi -rrb- , which will be introduced in the autumn .
chinese president xi jinping has held his first public meeting in hong kong , marking the 70th anniversary of the festival .
the uk 's largest tree of trees has been launched by the national trust for the first time .
australian police have arrested two men suspected of planning a terror attack on a cafe in sydney , australia .
brighton came from behind to beat championship strugglers huddersfield and move up to second in the championship table .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` brutal attack '' .
tottenham midfielder harry arter has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
defending champion novak djokovic was knocked out of the olympic men 's doubles as he lost in straight sets to spain 's juan martin del potro .
jordan hugill 's first - half goal gave preston victory over norwich at carrow road .
one of the largest dinosaurs in the world has been wiped out by the dinosaurs , according to scientists .
some of the world 's leading farmers have called on climate change to tackle climate change , a report says .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he is ` ` confident '' wales will be devolved .
a new zealand family has been reunited with their family after a family 's family lost a $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.6 m -rrb- jackpot .
work has started on a # 2.5 m project to build a new wind farm on the river thames .
scientists say they have found that radioactive water could be worth more than half a billion euros -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2bn -rrb- .
a fishing boat has been removed from the drilling rig transocean winner after it crashed into the sea .
four people have been arrested in london on suspicion of attempted murder following a spate of violence in the city .
there 's a lot of people in northern ireland who do n't want to take part in the assembly election .
tranmere rovers have signed york city midfielder george mooney on loan until the end of the season .
coleraine rowers have been named in the great britain team for the european rowing championships in belgrade .
parents in wales will get free childcare if they win the general election , a labour am has said .
the family of a motorcyclist killed in a crash in south africa have paid tribute to him .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , and it 's not easy .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's players will not be fit for the tour of new zealand .
more than 1,000 people in southampton are being offered accommodation in the last three years , the council has said .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says jose mourinho is ` ` not good enough '' for the club .
chile 's national flag is to be introduced in the wake of the country 's flag crisis .
britain 's andy murray won his first atp world tour finals title with a comfortable victory over belgium 's david goffin .
a recycling company has been fined # 2,000 for failing to stop people taking part in a crackdown on litter .
welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the rugby union 's behaviour at the principality stadium .
two british tourists have been jailed for their part in the nepal earthquake after being sentenced to six years in jail .
a mother accused of sexually abusing two girls has told a court she was ` ` shocked '' by her daughter .
` ` i ' m going to die , '' says john jones , who has died at the auschwitz concentration camp .
the us ambassador to bangladesh has condemned the killing of a danish student who was shot dead by islamist militants .
a new study has found that people with mental health problems should be able to help them develop mental health .
worcestershire all - rounder jimmy smith has signed a new two - year contract with the county . '
if you ' ve been using your mobile phone , then you ' ve ever wondered what you 're going to do with .
the government has announced plans to increase the number of new landlords in england and wales for the first time .
the historical institutional abuse -lrb- cra -rrb- inquiry into historical child abuse in northern ireland has been published .
arsenal ladies have completed the signing of arsenal women 's super league one club arsenal ladies defender caroline williams .
manchester united have been named the best player in the premier league for the first time , according to new research .
a meeting of the un security council in the syrian capital , damascus , has been held in geneva .
the peruvian army says it has freed nine suspected paedophiles who were kidnapped by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a 16-year - old girl has been charged with raping a 15-year - old girl in greater manchester .
the french media are investigating the murder of a woman in the french capital , paris , following the death of a journalist .
a hospital trust has apologised for failing to improve its finances , a report has found .
china 's president xi jinping has said he is ` ` very happy '' with china 's prime minister shinzo abe .
ireland 's women 's one - day international series against sri lanka has been ruled out of the tri - series .
britain 's james mitchell has become the first man to win the 100 m at the rio olympics .
sunderland midfielder adam johnson has left the club by mutual consent after he was charged with sexual activity with a child .
a woman who was jailed for two years for attempting to smuggle more than # 100,000 of indecent assault has had her conviction quashed .
a nursery worker has been told she will not be allowed to leave her children after a review into her care .
manchester united striker marcus rashford has been named in the england squad for the world cup qualifier against malta .
azerbaijan 's supreme court has sentenced a woman to life in prison for embezzlement and insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
manchester city boss pep guardiola has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
ex - england footballer paul simpson has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in a corruption ring .
at least 15 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in north - eastern nigeria , officials say .
ed miliband has launched a campaign to raise money for the labour party in the general election .
a photograph of the aurora borealis has been captured on camera in the scottish capital , aberdeenshire .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the giro d'italia to 15 points after a sprint finish .
tottenham midfielder harry kane says he is ` ` not fit '' to play in the premier league this season , despite his side being beaten by england .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a crash in flintshire .
manchester united boss jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 1 premier league defeat by watford is ` ` not good enough '' .
physiotherapists are being warned about the dangers of the nhs in england and wales .
norwich city manager alan stubbs says his side 's 2 - 0 championship win over norwich city was a ` ` massive '' result .
liverpool moved up to second in the premier league with victory over struggling sunderland at the kcom stadium .
cctv cameras are to be installed in denbighshire and denbighshire as part of a new scheme .
cardiff city 's owner vincent tan says the club 's financial problems are ` ` not good enough '' .
a giant panda in hong kong is to be born at a zoo in the south china capital , hong kong .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death at a house in rhondda cynon taff .
cambridge united moved up to second in the league two table with a hard - fought win over stevenage .
apple has filed a lawsuit against apple over apple 's use of iphones , the us supreme court has ruled .
real madrid boss jose mourinho says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the transfer window .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was shot in cambridgeshire .
tributes have been paid to former leeds united and england rugby league captain and vice - president mike jones .
ian hutchinson will return to the isle of man this year for the first time in more than two years .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it will increase the number of new homes being built in the uk .
aston villa have signed midfielder philippe coutinho from liverpool on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
swindon town have sacked manager gary rowett after saturday 's 2 - 0 league two defeat by swindon .
irish prime minister leo varadkar is to step down as an mp in the republic of ireland .
us president - elect donald trump has appointed her new vice - president , the white house has said .
hundreds of people have been searching for survivors of a landslide in the northern indian city of laredo .
world number one angelique kerber is through to the semi - finals of the aegon classic after losing to germany 's angelique kerber .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- bertie ahern has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the republic of ireland 's border will not be extended .
a banksy mural believed to have been stolen from a london street is to be sold at auction .
oscar - winning film director james o'connell has written a letter written by the irish film institute -lrb- occ -rrb- .
the us military says it has carried out an attack on al - shabab militants in the somali capital , mogadishu .
football 's world governing body fifa says it is ` ` very difficult '' to investigate claims of racism at the euro 2016 tournament .
rock star adam johnson is to launch a new album on the moon , saying it is ` ` a good thing '' .
a ` ` large '' tree of stonehenge has been discovered near a flintshire town .
the number of diabetes patients in wales has risen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
a man who posted a photograph of his wife 's photograph of a man whose photograph was posted online said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' .
a belfast - based pharmaceutical firm has been awarded # 1.5 m in funding for the city .
wolves moved up to second in the championship with victory over wolves at st james ' park , who remain bottom of the table .
london irish will not play their home european challenge cup quarter - final against london irish after the rugby football union -lrb- tfl -rrb- said it was ` ` disappointed '' .
real madrid have banned zinedine zidane from the start of the 2015 - 16 season .
more than 1,000 people in aberdeen are being offered a genetic code of dna , a study has found .
islamist militant group al - shabab has been arrested in london , the metropolitan police has said .
plans to ban the number of welsh students from renting their homes have been backed by the welsh government .
ben ainslie , who was killed in a bomb attack in afghanistan last month , was the first man to die in afghanistan .
scottish labour leader alex salmond has been re - elected as the snp 's new leader .
a hedgehog has been rescued from a zoo after being rescued by the rspca for three years .
belfast - based airline airbus has announced plans to expand its aircraft from belfast to belfast city centre .
superfast broadband should be built in wales , the welsh government 's chief executive has told the bbc .
a new campaign is being launched to encourage workers to stay in the pension system in order to help save their lives .
more than 1,000 police officers in england and wales are being investigated by the metropolitan police .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the afghan capital kabul , officials say .
sale sharks prop cian gaugaard has apologised to his club 's decision not to play for the rest of the season .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my mother , '' says jessica ennis - hill .
eastenders actress sian o'connor has written a letter to the bbc about the city 's future .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after being restrained by police in flintshire has been told it was ` ` too dangerous '' .
cardiff city boss russell slade has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
the great western railway -lrb- wof -rrb- has officially opened its doors .
the rmt union has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that rail services will be held in the south east of england .
red bull 's sebastian vettel has been crowned world champion of the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
one of the world 's biggest companies , tesco , is set to be the new boss of tesco .
wigan warriors head coach steve smith says his side 's super league title hopes will be a ` ` huge blow '' for the club .
the american football association -lrb- bst -rrb- is one of the world 's most famous landmarks .
a london marathon runner is hoping to become the first person to run the london marathon to london 's capital .
australia batsman joe schmidt says he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of former australia batsman kevin pietersen .
the world 's largest underwater ship , which is believed to be the oldest in the world , is to be buried in china .
a gp accused of causing the death of a seven - year - old boy has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' .
scientists in the us say they have made a significant impact on the earth 's magnetic field in europe .
climate change is needed to protect the world 's climate , according to a report from the united nations .
the european court of justice has rejected a bid by the prime minister to stop the ` ` jungle '' of europe .
cardiff city manager russell slade says the club are ` ` in the best way '' in the championship .
a plaid cymru am has been given a suspended sentence for breaching a code of conduct .
the greek parliament has approved a new bailout for the country 's banks , the government says .
when sam burgess came to the top of super league table , he was n't afraid to play for rugby league .
us president donald trump is suing the white house for $ 100 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- for his role in the trump tower .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has signed a new five - year contract .
canada 's postal service is to cut 1,000 postal jobs in the next three years .
france 's far - right leader marine le pen has said he will stand for the presidency of the presidential election .
australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull has called for an inquiry into allegations of torture in migrant workers .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have arrived in wales for the first time in a year .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very difficult '' to reach agreement on devolved powers .
plans for a new waste incinerator on the isle of wight have been approved by the government .
growth in china 's manufacturing sector slowed in july , according to a closely watched survey . ''
a court in the indian state of uttar pradesh has sentenced two women to life in prison for their crimes .
a service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of jutland in world war one .
a giant panda at edinburgh zoo has said she is ` ` thrilled '' to be able to make her birth .
an italian senator has apologised after he posted a picture of him on a bar in the country 's parliament .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
there 's a lot of talk about microsoft 's technology and technology , but it 's not easy .
fish have been found dumped in a loch near lochaber after a warning signs were found to contain fish .
china has announced it will suspend air pollution in the city of tianjin , amid concerns about the dangers of pollution .
pop star taylor swift has topped forbes ' list of the world 's highest - paid artists .
the uk government has lost its appeal against a ruling that the saudi - led coalition fighting houthi rebels .
the bank of england has cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.5 % by 0.5 % .
it 's one of the world 's best - known stars , but it 's not easy to see it .
donegal missed out on a place in the all - ireland semi - finals as they beat cavan 1 - 13 to 0 - 13 in the football league .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has signed a bill aimed at reducing the sale of marijuana in the country .
talktalk has reported a fall in profits for the third year in a row , compared with the previous year .
a motorcyclist killed in a crash at the isle of man tt has been named by police .
two carers have been given a suspended jail sentence for neglecting two babies who were left with severe brain damage .
the family of a british couple missing in syria have said they are ` ` desperate '' to return home .
the european judo championships will be held in brighton on friday , with the british judo association -lrb- echr -rrb- announced on friday .
china has launched its first public buildings to be built in the world , in a bid to boost pollution .
a vicar who filmed himself abusing a six - year - old girl has been jailed for seven years .
chelsea reached the fa cup quarter - finals for the first time with a comfortable win over sunderland .
ex - footballer david duckett will face criminal charges over the hillsborough disaster , a judge has ruled .
aberdeen came from behind to beat apollon limassol and reach the europa league second qualifying round .
dozens of people have been injured in venezuela 's capital , caracas , in a crackdown on food shortages .
a former conservative peer has been found guilty of posting abusive messages on facebook about her ex - partner .
us defence secretary bae bae systems has been released from hospital in north korea , the us state department says .
northamptonshire 's hopes of a place in the one - day cup quarter - finals were dashed as they beat leicestershire by eight runs at grace road .
it was a strange moment when the russian ambassador to turkey came to an end in the conflict in syria .
three men have been arrested after drugs worth more than # 1 m were seized in gloucester and gloucestershire .
the ulster unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- won a general election in northern ireland on thursday night .
ospreys head coach kingsley jones says his side 's european champions cup quarter - final defeat by clermont auvergne is ` ` not good enough '' .
the murder of ex - russian spy alexander litvinenko was ` ` unacceptable '' , a senior prosecutor has said .
ethiopia 's prime minister narendra modi has set his sights on the flag at the rio olympics .
world number one rory mcilroy said he was ` ` proud '' to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the masters .
the number of heroin - related deaths in caerphilly county has risen , police have said .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of slavery and slavery offences after a series of raids in birmingham .
the number of people who work in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , figures show .
a lorry driver has been killed and two others injured after a lorry crashed into a house .
a plane bound for amsterdam to amsterdam was forced to make an emergency landing because of a gas leak .
a former celtic footballer has appeared in court charged with child abuse offences against three boys in northern ireland .
at least 20 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and security forces in indian - administered kashmir .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in milton keynes have appealed for help in tracing her missing mother .
plans to transform dorset 's jurassic coast into a visitor attraction have been given the go - ahead .
jeremy corbyn has launched his bid to become the first labour leader to win power in england .
the parents of a 14-year - old girl from west london have told a court she was ` ` shocked '' by her parents .
demolition work has begun on a denbighshire town 's grade ii - listed home .
in malaysia 's northern indian state of tamil nadu , one of the world 's most famous mothers has told the bbc that he is suffering from a tumour .
two men have been found with ` ` potentially life - threatening '' ecstasy tablets in greater manchester .
luton town midfielder josh jones has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club until the end of the season .
charlie gard has become the first in the us to receive treatment for terminally ill charlie gard .
st johnstone goalkeeper craig wright has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club . '
a labour mp has said he is ` ` shocked and disappointed '' he will not face criminal charges over a car parking campaign .
a driver who caused the death of a toddler in a head - on crash has been jailed for four years .
england were knocked out of the women 's world cup in south korea after a 2 - 0 defeat by south korea .
dozens of people have been evacuated from the south china sea after a powerful typhoon hit the north - east of china .
ed sheeran and ed sheeran are among the winners at this year 's british music awards .
the number of people living in wales has risen by more than a third in five years , a charity has said .
middlesex have appointed former england captain chris gray as their new head of the england and wales cricket board .
zayn malik has revealed he has left cardiff to leave the band because of the band 's problems .
malaysia 's prime minister kim jong - nam says the family of north korea 's leader kim jong - nam have refused to return to the country .
a man in his 50s has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a woman in west belfast .
the centenary of the battle of the somme has been marked by thousands of people who fought in france .
the government is ` ` failing '' in england 's schools , according to a think tank .
the nhs in england has been told it is ` ` not good enough '' for its finances .
the mother of a french aid worker who was kidnapped in yemen has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by her family .
a bid to become the uk city of culture in 2021 has been launched by the city 's council .
the number of uk air strikes against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq has risen by more than 20 % , the liberal democrats have said .
sri lanka have signed sri lanka all - rounder ravi bopara on a two - year contract .
police investigating the deaths of two people in a house in bolton have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
a major mine has been evacuated in the lake district after an unexploded world war two mine .
a building in the indian city of mumbai has collapsed , killing at least six people , officials say .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash with a lorry on the m25 in kent .
scientists in the us say they have found a way to stop using human faeces to stop them using them .
a nursery in neath port talbot is to be vaccinated against a vaccination programme .
a prison in bristol has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors for the first time since 2009 .
aberdeen midfielder derek mcinnes has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club . '
the leader of russia 's pro - russian separatist rebel group has told the bbc he wants to step down .
plans for a new 20 mph speed limit on edinburgh 's roads have been approved by councillors .
saudi arabia 's government has announced plans to expand the world 's largest tourist attraction in saudi arabia .
newport county manager graham westley says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to appoint newport county boss graham westley .
the number of victims of domestic violence in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , a report has said .
the sdlp 's new chief executive has lost his bid to become the first minister to stand down .
syrian government forces are reported to have carried out a series of attacks on rebel - held areas of the city of aleppo .
rotherham council 's chief executive has apologised for ` ` gross misconduct '' after a report revealed he was abused by his former colleagues .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says the british intelligence service -lrb- mi -rrb- .
valtteri bottas is set to leave mercedes at the end of the season to join mercedes .
the man who carried out a suicide bomb attack on a shopping centre in manchester last year has been described as a ` ` terrorist '' .
a woman who stole more than # 300,000 from her aberdeenshire home has been jailed .
falkirk manager david moyes says the club are close to agreeing a new deal with the fa .
gatwick airport could be given the go - ahead for a third runway at gatwick airport .
the family of a police officer shot dead by a man in his cell have been cleared of misconduct .
councils in england and wales are facing a ` ` catastrophic '' amount of cuts , mps have warned .
roy hodgson 's late goal gave england a 2 - 1 win over slovakia in their euro 2016 warm - up match at euro 2016 .
an investigation is under way into the deaths of dozens of people at a nature reserve in south wales .
` ` i ' m going to the scene of the murder of a man in london 's capital , '' says the bbc 's karen semple .
libya 's prime minister has said he is ` ` confident '' his country will not be able to enter libya .
britain 's ellie downie won bronze in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the european championships .
the uk 's largest health body has launched a campaign to stop using a catapulter 's paint .
carl frampton won the ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over jorge linares in liverpool .
it 's not easy to see tata steel in india 's western port talbot plant , but it is not easy .
a man has been fined # 50,000 for driving at a taxi in dumfries and galloway .
sri lanka 's top human rights lawyer has called on the government to investigate allegations of war crimes against humanity .
somalia 's military says it has recaptured a ship seized by somali pirates on the coast of somalia .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of posting abusive messages on twitter to twitter about tweets posted online .
media group trinity mirror has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of march .
kim kardashian has said she is ` ` not happy '' - but she has n't been talking about her hair .
a six - year - old girl has been taken to hospital after being bitten by a car in fife .
the un 's special envoy for myanmar -lrb- rou -rrb- is meeting in rakhine state to discuss the crisis in the country .
the death of a man in the republic of ireland has been described as a ` ` hero '' .
india 's economy shrank in the second quarter of the year , according to the country 's economy .
adebayo akinfenwa scored a stoppage - time winner as blackpool came from behind to beat blackpool .
workers at a torfaen refinery in torfaen have gone on strike in a dispute over pay .
one of the uk 's most wanted fugitives has been shot dead by police in a raid in essex .
theresa may has urged the uk to ` ` take control '' of the trident nuclear weapons system .
a new study suggests that smoking in smokers should be used to reduce the risk of dying patients .
great britain 's adam peaty won the men 's 100 m freestyle at the world swimming championships in budapest .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club . .
botswana is one of the world 's most powerful economies , but it is not the most important country in africa .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched after a video emerged of a man wearing a toilet in a paris rally .
more than 100 years after a shipwreck was found on the isle of wight , it has emerged .
in the wake of the collapse of the palestinian authority in gaza , the bbc 's geeta pandey reports .
ukraine 's prime minister has called for a ceasefire on rebel - held areas in the east of the country .
a man has been jailed for four years for attempting to smuggle his wife into a house in edinburgh .
the nhs in england could be forced to spend more than # 1.5 bn in funding , a think tank has warned .
the football league has confirmed it will be ` ` delighted '' to raise money for the victims of the hillsborough disaster .
caledonian macbrayne and rmt union members are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the european court of human rights -lrb- forest -rrb- has ordered an investigation into the deaths of dozens of trees and trees in a forest in poland .
harry potter fans will not be able to return to the stage for the first time , it has been confirmed .
bangladesh 's prime minister has apologised after he posted a video showing him urinating on a muslim school .
a section of the m4 in cardiff has reopened after a lorry overturned on the m4 .
thousands of people in hong kong have taken part in a race to compete in the city 's city .
paris st - germain have agreed a deal to buy french ligue 1 side marseille for an undisclosed fee .
the royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- had a long - awaited plan to sell its stake in the british bank of america , but it is not easy to see it .
league one side bristol city have re - signed swansea city striker marvin sordell for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a new project aimed at improving the earth 's oceans .
more than 1,000 people are still living in the island of vanuatu in the wake of cyclone debbie .
a row has broken out in ukraine 's parliament over the use of a neo - nazi to allow nationalist nationalist leader alexander litvinenko to step down .
a man arrested in the republic of ireland on suspicion of fraud in the uk has been released without charge .
leicester city will be without striker daniel sturridge for saturday 's premier league game against leicester .
the number of people living in nigeria is ` ` at risk '' , the home secretary has said .
at least 15 people have been killed in a gun attack on a bus in north - eastern nigeria .
a former north wales police chief has been jailed for 12 years for historical sex offences against boys in north wales .
the world 's biggest aircraft has been fitted with a 3d - printed 3d - printed 3d printer .
a group of mps has called for more women to be recruited by the uk 's intelligence service .
the bbc 's karenzizi looks at the reasons why she is living in the refugee crisis .
former french cyclist lance armstrong has been awarded $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.2 m -rrb- by the us government for doping .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on friday , boosted by a rise in oil prices .
the number of insurance premiums in the uk fell by 1 % in the year to june , according to the latest figures .
bus drivers in lancashire have been warned they face fines of up to # 20,000 for fines .
an australian woman has spoken of the moment she was hit by a car in the australian city of adelaide .
a musical based on the west end of leicester is to open its doors for the first time in 20 years .
bomb disposal experts have said they have uncovered a ` ` significant '' haul of arms and explosives .
south africa 's pro12 semi - final against south african side zebre has been called off by the pro12 .
a birmingham school has apologised after two students complained they were wearing skirts to wear shoes .
it was n't just a few days to go until the end of this year 's glastonbury festival .
wales were beaten by australia in their opening match of the rugby world cup in sydney on saturday night .
a former police officer has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing a teenage girl in rochdale .
sweden 's prime minister has said he is ` ` shocked '' by a man who tried to leave the country .
two us warships have been shot dead by yemen 's houthi navy , the united arab emirates says .
rock star chris froome is to headline this year 's glastonbury festival in las vegas .
dundee united came from behind to beat ross county and move into the scottish premiership play - off places .
spain 's luis rodriguez says he will compete at this year 's vuelta a espana as he prepares to defend his title .
a 17-year - old boy has died following a crash with a car in north - west london .
blackberry has confirmed it will sell its android operating system in the us and canada for the first time .
olympic silver medallist liam smith has had his leg amputated after having a brain tumour removed .
russian president vladimir putin has told the bbc that he wants to be extradited to the uk , saying he is ` ` not guilty '' .
rangers manager pedro caixinha says the scottish cup quarter - final against hibernian will be a ` ` huge opportunity '' .
a memorial service has been held in portsmouth to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of jutland .
tom daley says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- 's decision to ban diving .
saracens winger george cipriani has been given a two - week ban by the rugby football union .
millwall kept their league one play - off hopes alive with a hard - fought win over walsall .
the number of children being bullied by a group of children in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
a north wales police officer has been suspended after being convicted of grooming and abusing a girl .
russia 's athletics federation says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's doping scandal .
pope francis has condemned the mass killing of armenians by ottoman christians in armenia during a visit to turkey .
the nhs in wales is to be given the go - ahead to help treat hiv in hiv .
two men have been arrested in the republic of ireland after drugs with an estimated street value of # 2 m was seized in county meath .
a 16-year - old boy has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a 17-year - old boy who died after suffering serious injuries .
new powers for devolution should be devolved to wales , wales ' first minister has said .
photographs of two brothers from scotland 's royal family have gone on display to mark the centenary of the easter rising .
a service has been held in dublin to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme in france .
the bbc trust has apologised for saying it was ` ` unfair '' to the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
a woman who has been diagnosed with leukaemia has been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
one of the uk 's most endangered animals has been born at a wildlife reserve in australia . .
` ` i ' ve got a bit of a lot of things , '' says john lewis .
one of northern ireland 's rarest birds is the best bird in europe , according to a survey .
the number of people living in the borders has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to official figures .
scarlets fly - half rhys patchell has apologised to the welsh rugby union after being sent off by scarlets .
archaeologists in the iraqi city of mosul say they are ` ` appalled '' by the destruction of ancient ancient ruins .
two men have been arrested in connection with a robbery at a shop in londonderry , police have said .
two - time olympic champion sir bradley wiggins says he is ` ` proud '' to compete at the rio olympics .
the department for transport -lrb- hs2 -rrb- has been accused of ` ` failing '' by mps .
nottinghamshire chief executive peter moores says his side will not be able to win the county championship this season .
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta has been shot dead by gunmen in the north - eastern city of mombasa .
a zoo in turkey is to open its doors for the first time in more than 50 years after a baby was born .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has appeared in court charged with corruption and money laundering .
a man accused of attacking a man with a baseball bat has told a court he was ` ` too drunk '' .
belfast 's carl frampton will fight leo santa cruz for the wba super - bantamweight title on saturday .
a judge in the us state of ohio has ruled that a 16-year - old girl will go on trial for sexually assaulting a student .
a # 3.5 m project to improve the north wales valleys has been awarded # 2.5 m of funding .
the family of a man killed in a car crash in west yorkshire have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the us telecoms giant scotrail has agreed to merge with a deal worth $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2bn -rrb- .
police have arrested a man in connection with an alleged assault on celtic football fans in the scottish premiership .
actress jodie whittaker has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the end of the year .
thousands of people have taken part in a vigil to celebrate the queen 's 90th birthday .
derry city moved up to second in the football league table with a hard - fought win over derry city .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in port talbot , police have said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a flat in dundee .
russia 's largest rebel - held town in eastern ukraine , has begun its first ever offensive on the rebel - held city of aleppo .
virat kohli 's unbeaten century helped england beat india by five wickets in the third one - day international in mumbai .
a conservative councillor has been suspended from the conservative party over an alleged racist tweet on twitter .
a ceremony to mark the 175th anniversary of the battle of the somme has been held in the city .
olympic gold medallist mo farah says he is ` ` not scared '' to compete at rio 2016 .
league two side colchester united have signed former west ham united and england under-21 defender josh shaw on loan until the end of the season .
a canadian tourist has had to be rescued after falling into a lake in the lake district of canada .
us president barack obama has called for a memorial service to the victims of the fatal shooting of a black man in dallas .
scientists say they have discovered a new species of modern humans in europe , which is thought to be extinct in europe .
the uk 's finance committee has agreed to pay a # 1bn stake in cerberus 's northern ireland property deal .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he is ` ` very happy '' with the barcelona team .
ospreys moved to the top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over ulster at kingspan stadium .
mali says it is ` ` appalled '' by the un 's human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- over the deaths of civilians in the north of the country .
arsenal striker romelu lukaku will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
a new chief executive has been taken over by councillors at a county monaghan council , the bbc understands .
a florida man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was shot and killed by a gunman .
welsh cyclist martyn irvine has retired from racing at the world track cycling championships in glasgow after a crash .
the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs may have been caused by the asteroid strike , a study suggests .
us golfer mark allen has said he was robbed at his home in hawaii after being robbed by a gunman .
students at aberystwyth university are being investigated by the welsh university of wales , it has emerged .
a property developer has been granted permission to sell a property in belfast city centre to a property firm .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has proposed a law banning the use of social media users .
west ham have agreed a deal to buy the club from the chinese premier league for the first time .
former england and wales cricket captain lewis lewis says he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision to retire from cricket .
the uk economy grew by 0.1 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
a study has found that high - profile student accommodation in england and wales should be considered by critics .
norway 's prime minister has said she is ` ` confident '' the country will not be able to cross the border with syria .
neymar 's son , neymar and neymar are suing barcelona for allegedly tax evasion .
teachers in northern ireland have written to a letter urging them to ` ` take action '' over pay .
national league side southport have released nine players , including midfielder tom o'brien and luke o'brien .
the welsh assembly 's presiding officer has said there is a ` ` huge increase '' in crime in wales .
justin bieber made his debut debut in the united states on sunday night - but his song was n't enough .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called for a referendum on the country 's new constitution to be scrapped .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that the genetic code of cancer can help save the lives of our lives .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
more than 1,000 tonnes of sand have been washed up on jersey 's west coast .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has said the us is ` ` absolutely committed '' to russia .
northern ireland 's education secretary sir william hague has called for a review of the welfare system in northern ireland .
the international monetary fund -lrb- occ -rrb- says that china has the highest level in the world .
joe root says he is ` ` proud '' to be the new captain of england 's ashes squad .
south korea 's national exams agency -lrb- asa -rrb- has cancelled a test of students who had been suspended after a test .
scotland 's health secretary has appointed a review of the way the nhs is run by the health secretary .
the government has passed a bill which will allow people to register in england and wales to be allowed into the uk .
car maker toyota has been named as the world 's biggest car maker , according to a new study .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has said he wants to ` ` get the job '' if he fails to run for president - elect donald trump .
britain 's andy murray beat milos raonic in a thrilling final to win the aegon championships at queen 's club .
a team of scientists has launched a # 1.5 m project to find a killer disease in norfolk .
the european court of justice is set to announce this week 's legal challenge to the uk 's supreme court .
two girls have been rescued after their boat capsized off the western isles of scilly on sunday .
a british airline has apologised for sending a six - year - old girl on a flight to france .
a health trust has been suspended by the health watchdog over allegations of ` ` gross misconduct '' .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has become the first indian prime minister to become prime minister .
barnet boosted their league two play - off hopes with a hard - fought victory over barnet at the hive .
bristol city boss gianfranco zola has been appointed manager of the championship club by the end of the season .
the us central bank -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it will review its financial results .
reading have signed former reading and reading striker narendra modi on a two - year deal .
the chief executive of the t in the park music festival has been told she will not be prosecuted .
former lib dem leader nick clegg has announced he will step down from the conservative party .
a cargo ship which was stranded on the greek island of lewis for more than two years has been given the go - ahead .
germany 's top court has ordered the world 's biggest contraceptive pill to stop women using contraceptives .
police in the us state of ohio have arrested a man who posted a photo of him on facebook .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has released details of how much money is available to the european union .
former ulster unionist leader john smith has died at the age of 89 .   's funeral . ''
as the world 's richest woman , we ' ve been talking about how many people are talking about their wealth .
the body of a british man found in a lake in china has been identified as a murder victim .
belfast giants have been named as the belfast giants ' player of the year for the 2017 - 18 season .
chelsea midfielder eden hazard will miss the rest of the season after being ruled out for six weeks with a knee injury .
a cardiff university student who has been diagnosed with leukaemia has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the support of a stem cell donor .
a couple found dead at their home in herefordshire had been murdered , an inquest has heard .
former inverness caledonian thistle captain john hughes is to retire at the end of the season , bbc scotland has learned .
england will face india in the women 's rugby world cup final in india on sunday , 7 may .
uk sport 's governing body says it is ` ` appalled '' by claims of widespread doping in the sport .
former ukip mep gareth bale has died at the age of 82 , his family has confirmed .
league two side notts county have signed nottingham forest midfielder nacho novo on a two - year deal .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has resigned after being accused of sexually assaulting a woman .
the colombian government has declared a state of emergency after a landslide killed dozens of people in the capital , bogota .
tesco has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by a sharp fall in profits .
the uk space agency -lrb- gat -rrb- has launched its first satellite .
australia 's nick kyrgios said he was ` ` shocked '' by his match - winning performance at the hong kong open .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m relay team have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
a man has died after falling from a beach in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
scunthorpe united have re - signed midfielder james alexander on a two - year deal . '
it 's been a year since the british cycling federation -lrb- cbi -rrb- opened up a new record .
a group of children from northern ireland are being asked to take part in a special school in northern ireland .
two men have been jailed for life for the kidnap and murder of a man who was stabbed in gloucester .
alan stubbs has signed a new hibernian contract with the scottish championship club , saying he is ` ` very happy '' .
police in the us state of south carolina have charged a black man over the fatal shooting of a black teenager .
a new study has found that a fatal accident inquiry into the m74 motorway in glasgow could have been prevented .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry crashed into a lorry .
two british men jailed in india have lost their appeal against their convictions for smuggling illegal immigrants into india .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a ` ` terrifying '' robbery in moray .
nigeria 's economy grew at its highest level in more than three years , according to the latest figures from the world bank .
australia 's archbishop of canterbury has called for an inquiry into child sexual abuse in the 1970s and 80s .
arsenal moved up to second in the premier league with a hard - fought victory over chelsea at stamford bridge .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was fired at a petrol station in north belfast .
scientists are trying to find out what they say is the world 's most important glacier in glacier .
game of thrones has apologised after viewers complained about the game 's ` ` mismanagement '' of the game .
a woman has been found not guilty of having sex with a woman at a swansea cinema . ''
west brom manager tony pulis says striker saido berahino is ` ` not good enough '' to return to the premier league club .
a jury in the us state of texas has charged a police officer over the fatal shooting of a black teenager .
swansea city head coach alan curtis says the club are in ` ` a long way '' to avoid relegation from the premier league .
league one side chester town have signed goalkeeper craig caton on loan until the end of the season .
a 16-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in glasgow .
the family of a man who was rescued by a car in norfolk have said they are ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
peterborough united manager graham westley says his side 's poor run of form is a ` ` disaster '' .
a soldier killed in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
us president donald trump has attended the funeral of former us vice - president joe biden , who was killed in north korea .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has become embroiled in a series of letters from egypt to egypt .
great britain 's mo farah won the men 's 4x100 m relay at the world championships in london .
the mother of a ukrainian woman who died in a flat in kiev last month has told the bbc that her son 's family had to leave the country .
castleford tigers fly - half sam burgess says he is looking forward to the super league side .
sir bradley wiggins and mark cavendish have been named in the great britain team for the tour de france .
glamorgan have signed south africa all - rounder colin ingram for the t20 blast competition in 2016 .
lewis hamilton says he is confident he can win the azerbaijan grand prix this season and improve his title .
tv star jamie anderson is to be auctioned for the first time in his memory of alzheimer 's disease .
the number of civilians killed in libya is ` ` unacceptable '' , a report by amnesty international says .
league one side oldham athletic have re - signed defender joe maguire on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
private landlords in powys are to be asked to stay away from the local government , it has been announced .
plans to close a children 's maternity unit in east sussex have been branded ` ` inadequate '' .
two glider pilots have been praised for their bravery after they were attacked by a group of glider pilots .
a driver was killed when a car hit a lorry on a dual carriageway , police said .
the football association says it is ` ` appalled '' by allegations of sexual harassment against a doctor .
a scottish falkirk football club has apologised after a social media account was posted online .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen insists his side will not be able to avoid relegation from the premiership .
south africa 's constitutional court has ruled that some of the country 's most controversial religious leaders should be allowed to pay their holidays .
a pair of beatles fans have sold at auction for # 20,000 at auction in norwich .
super league leaders huddersfield giants moved up to second in super league with a bonus - point win over huddersfield giants .
antrim earned a 1 - 11 to 0 - 13 to 0 - 12 win over down at croke park .
dagenham & redbridge moved up to second in the national league with a 2 - 1 victory over bromley .
a dutch shell has crashed into the sea off norway , killing one person and injuring more than 100 others .
a japanese court has charged a japanese woman over the death of a female snowboarder in 2014 .
torquay united 's home match at home to swansea was abandoned because of the illegal sale of their home game .
fermanagh and st mary 's all - ireland semi - final at strabane , county fermanagh , will go into the all - ireland semi - finals .
double olympic champion victoria turner says she is ` ` proud '' of her career after winning the women 's race at aintree .
there 's a lot of talk about us president - elect donald trump 's choice of the presidency .
when alastair cook 's final day of the second test against england at lord 's was an extraordinary moment .
police have said they are ` ` disappointed '' after a petrol bomb was thrown at a petrol station in north lanarkshire .
the uk 's telecoms regulator has warned of hackers who have been hacked by hackers .
if you want to see if you 're going to play in the fa cup , then you ' ve been using your dog .
a man has pleaded guilty to import cocaine with a street value of more than # 1 m in the us .
hull city have confirmed they are interested in signing hull city 's new manager , bbc radio leicester understands .
the european commission 's chief brexit negotiator has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's future .
two men have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle migrants into the uk from albania .
the scottish cup semi - final between hearts and dunfermline athletic will be shown live on bbc one .
the leaders of the world 's largest trade organisation , justin trudeau , are meeting in paris on thursday .
taliban fighters from afghanistan 's helmand province have seized a military base in the northern province of helmand , officials say .
a liberal democrat candidate has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his party 's support for the liberal democrats .
a northern ireland assembly member has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after an incident at a school .
welsh swimmer chloe peake has become the first welsh woman to win a medal at the rio olympics .
a county down school has been axed by the education authority -lrb- ae -rrb- .
ireland flanker sean o'brien has been ruled out of saturday 's six nations match against italy at twickenham .
wigan moved up to second in the championship with victory over fellow strugglers ipswich at elland road .
a man has appeared in court in glasgow accused of attempting to murder a baby in a car crash .
uk defence spending will be cut in the next three years , ukip leader nigel farage has said .
the family of a couple who died after a car ploughed into their car have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
french magazine charlie hebdo is to host the first edition of the charlie hebdo edition of paris 's satirical magazine .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in second practice at the bahrain grand prix as lewis hamilton finished second .
a man who died after being hit by a van in glasgow has been named as john o'brien .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man in rhondda cynon taff .
pakistan 's tour of bangladesh has been cancelled because of security concerns , the country 's cricket council has said .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car in the cairngorms .
in the wake of the paris attacks , somalia 's prime minister narendra modi has visited the city 's beach .
a ban on smoking in welsh shops has come into force in the first three months of the year .
a man has been left with serious facial injuries after being attacked by two men at a restaurant in kent .
a police officer has been charged with indecent assault and indecently assaulting a man .
a report into the 2003 iraq war will not be published by the house of lords , the high court has ruled .
a blue plaque has been unveiled in derby to mark the 50th anniversary of the welsh rugby union game .
scotland 's economic recovery is likely to fall , according to a report from the institute for fiscal studies .
the wife of oscar - winning actor george clooney said she was ` ` overwhelmed '' by a social media letter .
two senior police officers have been cleared of misconduct by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
a northern ireland rugby player has become the first player to play in italy in a world cup qualifier .
sports direct chief executive mike ashley has resigned , saying he is ` ` very confident '' the company has been sacked .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the women 's world cup suffered a blow as they lost 2 - 1 to south korea .
the liberal democrats have launched a campaign to raise tuition fees for student fees in england and wales for the first time .
the uk 's largest hotel chain , gatwick , has filed a legal challenge against online online trading .
the father of a student who went missing last year has paid tribute to his ` ` best friend '' .
an environmental group has said it is ` ` appalled '' that a deal to buy timber from the welsh government was unlawful .
the trial is under way in the colombian capital , bogota , and colombia on charges of drug trafficking .
a burst water main in bournemouth has reopened after a sinkhole opened up on the main main road .
pep guardiola 's proposed move to manchester city has been confirmed by the premier league club .
andy murray and novak djokovic are among the biggest names in the world 's top 10 , and it 's been announced on sunday .
a shortage of nursery staff in england has been criticised by the department for education -lrb- maths -rrb- .
scientists say they have found a ` ` horrendous '' moment of ostrician tissue from a deadly chemical .
leigh griffiths says he is ready to play for celtic in the champions league next season , but is not ready to make his scotland debut .
a us judge has ruled that same - sex marriage licences should not be allowed to marry .
a new aircraft carrier is to be built in durham for the first time in more than 50 years .
plans to demolish a former jersey airport have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the introduction of land on land in the highlands and islands .
the number of child sexual exploitation -lrb- fgm -rrb- cases in scotland has more than doubled in the past year , according to new figures .
hartlepool united have appointed gary locke as their new manager on a two - year deal . .
the uk 's economic recovery is on the verge of a slowdown in the pound , the chancellor has said .
the us ambassador to the united states has said the us was behind the attack on a russian diplomat in moscow .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have been resettled in wales in the last three years , figures have shown .
a court in italy has sentenced eight people to 20 years in jail for money laundering and money laundering .
cameroon coach grant grant grant says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the africa cup of nations .
snow has been blamed for snow and snow on snow in parts of the western isles in the past year .
england reached the semi - finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a five - wicket win over india in bangalore .
mohammad amir scored a hat - trick as west indies beat west indies by five wickets in the third test in abu dhabi .
two raf personnel have been rescued from a helicopter in the cairngorms after being rescued by helicopter .
the us is to send more troops to syria to help fight so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the pentagon has said .
google has said it will use google 's ` ` smartwatch '' to use the internet .
the european commission has agreed to pay # 1bn to northern ireland 's northern ireland - bound airline .
in the aftermath of last year 's terror attacks in pakistan , the bbc 's richard hijackson explains why the plane was shot and killed by the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
an italian marine accused of killing two indian marines has appeared in court in the indian capital , delhi .
the us state department of justice has blocked the sale of some of its products , including adverts , adverts and other products .
bromley moved up to second in the national league with a win over bromley at home to torquay .
league one leaders livingston extended their lead at the top of scottish league one to five points with victory over livingston .
wolves head coach paul lambert says his side 's poor start to the season is a ` ` huge factor '' .
an oscar - winning composer from cardiff has been nominated for this year 's bafta cymru awards .
a conservative councillor has resigned after claiming he was ` ` misled '' by his local authority .
anglers are being warned to be aware of the dangers of shark porpoises in the welsh sea .
a man has admitted the murder of a woman at a house in lincoln in the early hours of christmas .
the football association of northern ireland 's football association -lrb- cres -rrb- has been predicting the outcome of the 2018 world cup .
haiti 's president has been banned from entering the country after he appeared to show a woman in a toilet .
a 15-year - old girl was taken to hospital after being attacked by a police dog , the ministry of justice has said .
a welsh conservative mp has accused the welsh conservatives of ` ` misleading '' over the use of public transport .
there 's a lot of things about the earth 's magnetic field , but it 's not easy .
the number of babies born in britain has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to official figures .
a council has apologised for sending a letter to voters in hull to vote in the general election .
brexit secretary theresa may has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
super league side salford red devils have been criticised by the rugby football league -lrb- bba -rrb- .
india 's government has defended its decision to ban muslims from entering the country 's second city of narendra modi .
a paedophile who groomed a 15-year - old girl in newport has been jailed for 12 years .
a review of the use of prescriptions in care in wales has been launched by the health minister .
james anderson 's century helped yorkshire fight back on day two of the one - day cup at headingley .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks like nigeria 's cricket team .
a fire at a hospital in londonderry has been brought back to normal after a fire broke out .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in an attack on a lebanese shia mosque , activists say .
wolves have confirmed the takeover of the championship club is to be completed by the end of the season .
aston villa midfielder jack grealish has been ruled out of the england squad for the world cup .
police investigating the sexual abuse of two teenage boys in greater manchester have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to .
a sculpture has been unveiled to the public for the first time in the history of a victorian gorilla .
england 's women 's fa cup quarter - final win over bayer leverkusen is ` ` not good enough '' , says manager mark sampson .
a woman has been raped in a park in berkshire , prompting a police appeal to trace two men .
-lrb- noon -rrb- : the london stock exchange -lrb- ftse -rrb- has reported a sharp fall in profits .
pakistan 's supreme court has upheld the death sentence of a muslim cleric convicted of blasphemy .
australia 's supreme court has ruled that a high court judge should be allowed to give workers a job .
police in the uk say they have arrested a man suspected of trying to smuggle people into the uk .
two men have appeared in court charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack on a family in birmingham .
a 24-hour strike on southern rail is to be held in a row over pay and conditions .
everton manager ross barkley has apologised for comments made by the sun about everton footballer ross barkley .
the women 's fa cup semi - final between england and england will be staged at wembley for the first time .
in the brazilian city of sao paulo , the bbc 's carlos dejanjanjan looks at why the authorities in the amazon region have built a landmine in the region .
two teenagers have been arrested in london on suspicion of travelling to syria to join so - called islamic state .
the amount of household waste in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to the welsh government .
manchester city have been named in the champions league for the first time in the history of the season .
a man has been arrested after a lorry crashed into a restaurant at a restaurant in romania , police say .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow in parts of scotland .
two men convicted of the murder of two men in lough neagh have lost their appeal against their convictions .
wigan warriors prop ben flower has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the rugby football league .
russia has released a new database of wikipedia 's most popular copies of the country 's wikipedia code .
police in northern ireland have issued a warning to victims of sexual exploitation -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says his side 's 5 - 0 scottish premiership win over partick thistle is ` ` not good enough '' .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has upheld a ruling that russia should be stripped of his citizenship .
a married couple have won the right to marry their married couple , in a landmark ruling that they should be married .
shares in messaging app snapchat have fallen sharply after the firm said it would cut its profit forecast .
police in devon and cornwall have seized more than 1,000 tonnes of cocaine , seized from the uk .
a large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in south - east london after a fire broke out .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was killed in a hit - and - run in west belfast .
ulster university 's chief executive has told the bbc that there is no plans to cut tuition fees .
a man has been cleared of the ` ` best names '' of the uk 's polar research vessel .
huddersfield town moved up to second in the championship with victory at birmingham city , who remain bottom of the table .
venezuela 's supreme court has ordered the release of more than 1,000 people who were detained by human rights groups .
a nobel prize - winning scientist is to be awarded to the us university of manchester for the first time .
the green party has launched its manifesto for the 2015 general election , saying it will not be able to run .
cctv images of a six - year - old girl who was caught on a road in reading have been released by police .
the government 's ability to improve the quality of children 's education in england has been criticised by researchers .
scientists in japan are to examine the remains of one of the world 's most endangered species of whales .
the chief constable of tesco has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the growing number of uk businesses .
england women have been left out of the women 's six nations because of a hamstring injury .
juventus reached the quarter - finals of the champions league for the first time with a 2 - 0 victory over genoa .
the number of new homes being built in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since the end of 2015 .
head coach alan solomons says the south african side must improve their chances of reaching the pro12 play - offs .
a new study has found that coffee and coffee can be linked to the introduction of coffee in scotland .
thousands of people have been left without water after a sinkhole opened up in a supermarket in southampton .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by lancashire 's bowlers .
a woman who was rescued from a bus in dumfries and galloway had to be rescued by firefighters .
a royal navy officer has been given a suspended jail sentence for causing the death of a pilot who was caught on a plane .
a man has been jailed for six months for biting a dog in a garden .   's home .
former archbishop of canterbury lord falconer has called on the house of lords to legalise assisted dying .
plans to demolish a fire station in coventry have been approved by the fire and fire brigades union .
a dundee woman has admitted stealing more than # 20,000 from her mother 's mother 's bank account .
northern ireland were held to a goalless draw by norway in the first leg of their europa league qualifying campaign .
plaid cymru 's leanne wood says she wants to be a member of the welsh assembly .
china 's inflation rate has fallen for the first time in three years , according to official figures .
the final of the london 2012 olympic and paralympic games is to be shown in the city of london .
a un committee of the un security council -lrb- msf -rrb- has told the un that a saudi - led coalition was killed in yemen .
novak djokovic beat stan wawrinka in straight sets to win the atp world tour finals .
the number of men being diagnosed with hiv in england has fallen to its lowest level , figures show .
a french mother has been cleared of murdering her two - year - old daughter in the republic of ireland .
the mother of a baby who died at a greater manchester hospital has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that her son 's death could have been avoided .
author jk rowling 's latest book is about to be revealed for the first time in more than a decade .
edinburgh airport has apologised to passengers who had to be stranded in the uk for the first time .
national league side dagenham & redbridge have re - signed midfielder matt damon from york city for an undisclosed fee .
the british and irish lions suffered their first defeat of the season as they beat australia at twickenham .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on homes in wales , according to the welsh government .
` ` i ' m a millionaire , '' said the former boss of a house where his wife was found dead in a flat .
at least 20 people have died after a stampede at a church in nigeria 's northern city of maiduguri , officials say .
a man has been charged in connection with a spate of thefts from cash machines in fife .
middlesex batsman nick compton has signed a new two - year contract with the county .   's end of the 2018 season .
two senior police officers have been cleared of misconduct by the irish police and crime commissioner -lrb- gat -rrb- .
a french writer has won a prestigious literary award for the first time in a row over remarks about islam .
inverness caledonian thistle manager mixu paatelainen praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 1 win over dundee .
leicester city have completed the signing of ivory coast international mohamed salara on a two - year deal .
national league side solihull moors have signed midfielder liam edwards on a two - year deal . '
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's players are ` ` not good enough '' to win the tour of new zealand .
india is one of the world 's best - known countries , and in the world are celebrating the year .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a cat shot in the head by airdrie has had its licence revoked .
tens of thousands of people have marched in south africa to protest against the deadly attacks in the capital .
a man who murdered a police officer at a hotel in merseyside has been jailed for seven years .
archaeologists believe they have found a hoard of ancient objects found in a village in china . ''
britain 's katarina johnson - thompson produced a stunning display to win the women 's 400 m at the european championships .
west indies won the women 's world cup for the first time with a 3 - 0 victory over australia in bangalore .
a cyclist who caused the death of a cyclist in a crash which killed a cyclist has been jailed .
volkswagen has apologised to the us and us authorities for using software to fix the emissions scandal .
an american producer has been sold for $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.6 m -rrb- .
one of scotland 's most famous whales has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' .
germany 's economy shrank in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
a man accused of stabbing his ex - boyfriend to death in a car park has told a court he was ` ` scared '' .
the daily mail is to publish its first edition of the daily telegraph - but it is not the same name .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says former manchester united and coventry city boss tony moyes .
plans to increase tuition fees in england and wales have been announced by the liberal democrats , in a bid to cut tuition fees .
an italian farmer has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the death of a bird in malta .
hundreds of artists have donated # 2,000 to a museum celebrating the 70th anniversary of magna carta .
uk house prices rose by 0.1 % in the year to march , according to the halifax .
one of the world 's best - known tourist attractions has been recreated in a box in county durham .
nottingham panthers coach corey neilson says his side 's elite league play - off semi - final against nottingham panthers is a ` ` huge opportunity '' .
mexican police have fired tear gas and tear gas at a camp in the city of los angeles , where a man was shot dead .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has resigned from the force 's handling of child sexual exploitation .
ian holloway has been appointed as the new manager of championship club brighton & hove albion on a three - year contract .
in a small village in the isle of man , there 's a lot of people living in the countryside .
two men have appeared in court charged in connection with the seizure of cannabis with a street value of # 1 m .
a motorist has been killed in a road crash in hampshire after being hit by a motorbike .
south africa 's nelson mandela is to become the first person to cross the marathon in south africa .
` ` we ' ve been talking about islam , '' says the bbc 's geeta pandey .
brazil 's supreme court is considering whether the country 's top prosecutor should be charged with corruption .
us president barack obama has accused david cameron of ` ` disrespecting '' the uk 's defence secretary .
about 2,000 homes and businesses have been affected by flooding caused by heavy rain and heavy rain .
a security researcher in the us state of oregon has told the bbc that a man wanted to leave his home .
a woman has been rescued from a carmarthenshire nature reserve after being rescued by a disease .
there 's a lot of people in the uk , but it is n't a smoking ban .
scotland 's economy is ` ` not good enough '' , according to the scottish economy minister .
russia 's parliament has approved a new law that would allow the country 's most valuable state .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` confident '' a second independence referendum will be held in scotland .
ed sheeran has been named the best album of the year at this year 's grammys .
northampton town have appointed former bolton wanderers boss mike phillips as their new manager on a two - year deal .
yemen is the world 's most dangerous air force in the middle east , as the country prepares to retake the city of aden .
there 's a lot of questions about the future of global climate change - and how do we know ?
an australian man has said he is ` ` amazed '' that his family will not be able to walk .
two men have been arrested in iran on suspicion of sexual assault and sexual harassment , the interior ministry says .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod yn wythnos yng nghaerdydd .
the bodies of two children who died when a boat capsized on the isle of wight have been found .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in a street .
former labour mp ed joyce has been found guilty of assaulting a shopkeeper in the house of commons .
kent have signed south africa all - rounder mark footitt on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
malawi 's former prime minister has announced she will step down as president of the country 's main opposition party .
the vatican 's roman catholic priest has been sentenced to six years in prison for tax evasion .
a city in san francisco has sold for $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- for the first time .
england captain dylan hartley says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his decision to retire from rugby .
the environment minister has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a controversial drilling rig in county fermanagh will go ahead .
a 15-year - old girl has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a teenage girl by dangerous driving .
salford red devils have re - signed prop dan evans on a two - year deal after his contract with the super league club .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham say they are ` ` devastated '' by the disappearance of his two - year - old son .
the sister of a woman killed in a crash in central london has said she is ` ` devastated '' .
a drug developed by a scottish health board is being developed to help children with tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- .
pupils at a birmingham school have been told they are ` ` not doing enough '' by inspectors .
the family of a cyclist who was found dead in a lake in kent have paid tribute to him .
a ` ` pet '' has been found dumped in a tortoise in torfaen .
it 's been a year since russia 's populist music , and it 's a lot more than it 's done .
for the first time , there 's a lot of mental health problems in the care of women in the uk .
hull kr have signed australia international centre matty narenon on a two - year deal .
gillingham manager paul tisdale says the league one play - offs will be a ` ` huge blow '' for the club .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has declared a state of emergency in the capital , lagos .
pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai has been travelling to school in the pakistani city of lahore .
heavy rain and strong winds of up to 20 mph -lrb- 19 km/h -rrb- have caused disruption to schools across england and wales .
the snp has taken control of ayrshire council by - election following a by - election .
dagenham & redbridge were held to a goalless draw at home to dagenham .
the story of a woman who was born in the french palace of paris has been marked with a remarkable story .
former nigeria 's ex - president mike ibro has been sentenced to five years in prison for stealing money from his private home .
the father of former wbo light - heavyweight champion liam smith has announced his retirement from professional boxing .
former lib dem leader michael gove has accused the conservatives of ` ` failing to win '' his party 's election victory .
the uk government is ` ` not doing enough '' to stop migrants arriving in the european union , a labour mp has said .
for the first time in decades , the cuban president 's long - awaited visit to cuba was an extraordinary moment .
people in bristol are being asked to take part in a bid to improve the service 's toilets .
luke wright hit his first century of the season as worcestershire fought back to beat sussex by eight wickets .
a street in edinburgh is to be transformed into a town 's street as part of a # 1 m revamp .
the police ombudsman has lost a legal bid to overturn a claim that police ombudsman michael o'dowd was unlawful .
germany is set to send 1,000 asylum seekers to germany to help ease the migrant crisis .
gloucester city centre has been given the go - ahead by the city council for the first time .
fire crews are being urged to take part in a series of fires in south wales as part of a drive to tackle wildfires .
a plan to build more than 1,000 jobs at a former army base in telford has been revealed .
a sinkhole in a north yorkshire village was caused by a sinkhole , an investigation has found .
the founder of the anti - abortion clinic in northern ireland has announced she is to leave her clinic in belfast .
french prime minister francois hollande has said he will ` ` step down '' the european union if the uk votes to leave the eu .
scientists say they have found a new way to fly rubbish from a recycling plant in county london that can be used to fly .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why she 's going to make a difference .
scotland secured a bonus - point win over georgia in glasgow to move top of the pro12 table .
the welsh government has become the first local authority in wales to pay for local authorities in the uk .
a council has apologised to the council for failing to register to vote in the general election .
northampton town manager chris wilder says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his side 's recent form .
an indian woman has died in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- after being infected with a type of blood .
the uk is preparing for the first time in more than 20 years , but it is now possible to catch a shark .
police investigating the murder of a man in the republic of ireland have made a fresh appeal for information .
the scottish government 's tax system is ` ` flawed '' , according to a report by msps .
the future of cattle in wales is a ` ` disaster '' , according to a leading scientist .
shale gas extraction in lancashire is to be removed from the shale gas industry , the government has said .
two british tourists arrested in thailand in connection with the murders of two british backpackers have been released .
the police watchdog is to investigate the case of a man accused of raping and murdering two children .
the owners of a victorian pier in hampshire say they are ` ` devastated '' by the loss of more than # 1 m .
national league side raith rovers have re - signed midfielder liam mcnulty on a two - year contract after his release by league one side green rovers .
the nhs in the uk has fallen by more than a third in the past year , a survey suggests .
a man has been rescued from a house fire in suffolk after a large fire broke out at a house .
swansea city midfielder paul clement will miss the start of the premier league season after suffering a knee injury .
burundi is one of the world 's longest - running and longest - running countries , but the country 's longest - running civil war is taking place .
a paedophile priest has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing boys in north wales .
health bosses at a north wales hospital have said they are ` ` disappointed '' about the future of maternity services .
apple has been ordered to pay $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- in tax avoidance by the european commission .
` ` i ' m looking forward to competing at the 2016 olympics , '' says nicola mccolgan .
the sister of a teenage girl who was murdered in manchester has appealed for help to find her killer .
scotland 's business leaders have warned that the uk leaving the european union could be ` ` at risk '' if the uk leaves the eu .
mental health patients in wales will be offered a new target for mental health treatment , the welsh health minister has said .
a group of swans have been killed in a car crash near caernarfon , county fermanagh .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have met the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- for the first time since the iraq war .
taulupe faletau says he was ` ` disappointed '' by wales ' record try - scoring display against new zealand .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side can not afford to reach the champions league group stage .
matt walker scored twice as doncaster came from behind to beat doncaster and move into the league two play - off places .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says the art of modern art in the modern world .
wasps moved to within three points of premiership leaders wasps with a hard - fought victory over wasps .
arsenal midfielder jess varnish has been named the women 's footballer of the year for the first time .
scientists say they have found a new way to study the brain 's ability to control our brains .
former prime minister lord heseltine has died at the age of 85 .   's palace after a short illness .
children in care in england are being ` ` left out of control '' , mps have said .
national league side torquay united have signed gibraltar international striker jamie robba on a two - year deal .
a 12-year - old girl has been bitten by a dog during a burglary in west yorkshire .
britain 's kell brook will defend his ibf world welterweight title against saul ` canelo ' alvarez in sheffield on saturday .
mining giant noble has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year to march .
shrewsbury stretched their unbeaten start to the season to six games as they beat league one strugglers shrewsbury .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party has launched its campaign for the french presidency .
britain 's men 's and women will be on the final day of the european championships in manchester .
mcdonald 's says it will cut 6,000 customers for the first time in more than two years .
former world number one mark hughes is out of the bdo world championships after being knocked out in the semi - finals at lakeside .
a mental health trust is to be given the go - ahead by the nhs in a bid to improve mental health services .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street 's main share index ended the day lower , with investors cautious ahead of the us election .
northern ireland 's first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that plans to cut free parking in northern ireland .
the number of people living in the us has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
brighton & hove albion have signed brighton midfielder chris hughton on a two - year deal .   's
a pair of queen victoria 's women are to be sold at auction for # 1,000 .
a police force has apologised after a six - month - old girl was reported to have travelled to pembrokeshire .
league one side oldham athletic have re - signed oldham athletic midfielder liam cooper on a free transfer .
england 's women fought back to beat australia by five wickets in a rain - affected match at the oval .
leeds rhinos head coach wayne bennett says his side 's six nations win over australia was a ` ` disaster '' .
a record number of scottish snowsports have been recorded in the last year , according to industry figures .
the national portrait of the uk 's most famous portrait of bp has been approved by the national gallery .
chinese officials say they are ` ` deeply concerned '' about the illegal trade of tiger cubs in china .
organisers of the tour de france have apologised after a video was posted on social media .
scotland 's robert kubica says he will not be able to return to formula 1 next year .
more than 1,000 illegal immigrants have been arrested in the us , according to new figures .
plymouth argyle are interested in buying portsmouth manager paul cook for the rest of the season , bbc scotland understands .
leicester city striker jamie vardy says he is ` ` proud '' of his leicester side after their 2 - 1 win over leicester .
alton towers theme park has reopened after a rollercoaster crash in which two women were injured in a crash .
liverpool 's fa cup third - round tie against west brom has been played on saturday .
the death of labour mp jo cox is to be remembered as a ` ` hero '' , her party has announced .
dog owners could be banned from using their pets under plans being considered by the rspca in wrexham .
in the republic of ireland 's parliament , the police ombudsman 's crackdown on the alcohol limit is now over .
ben duckett 's unbeaten century helped warwickshire to a draw with warwickshire at edgbaston .
a man 's body has been found in a river in aberdeenshire after a body was found .
two - time olympic medallists have been warned they will not be able to compete at next year 's european championships .
a japanese woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her husband , who was found dead in her flat .
celtic manager mark wilson says the scotland under-21 squad will be a tougher for his players .
turkey has warned of the dangers of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
spanish side celta vigo have re - signed real betis defender mamadou cekho on loan until the end of the season .
liverpool 's green spaces could be cut by a third in the next five years , a report has found .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the second test in bangladesh ended in a draw with bangladesh in dhaka .
grimsby 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by grimsby .
national league side cambridge united have signed midfielder jake dun on a two - year deal after his release by colchester united .
an investigation is under way after a man fell from a tree and fell into the roof of a supermarket .
fifa president gianni infantino has announced plans to expand the 2022 world cup in 2022 .
boxer jamie cox has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his ex - girlfriend .
a community support officer has been ordered to pay # 20,000 in cash to fund money laundering and money laundering .
comedian bill bailey was left ` ` shaken '' after his car was stolen from a bus in liverpool .
kilmarnock have signed former scotland under-21 midfielder liam boyce on a two - year deal .
chancellor philip hammond has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will be able to keep the uk economy .
national league side guiseley have re - signed wrexham midfielder james hurst on loan until the end of the season .
the number of police officers in england and wales has increased by more than 100 % over the past five years , according to a report .
badgers in somerset will be given the go - ahead by the government , the government has announced .
salford red devils owner marwan koukash says he is ` ` confident '' the super league club will return to the club .
police in the republic of ireland have voted in favour of a new anti - austerity rally .
the british and irish lions have a lot more than ever before , but there 's a lot to come from .
hartlepool came from behind to beat hartlepool and secure their first win of the season .
a six - year - old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in birmingham .
a priest in the us state of alaska has given birth to his daughter 's pet in a dog .
labour leadership hopeful andy burnham has said he will not be standing for the party 's next leader .
a large fire has broken out at a port talbot port after a fire broke out in the water .
yahoo has launched an investigation into the use of a ` ` security flaw '' on its website .
an australian man has been jailed for life for the murder of a british woman in the republic of ireland .
a humpback whale that washed up on a suffolk beach is believed to have died , experts say .
rory mcilroy has withdrawn from next week 's us open because of a back injury in the us open .
the uk 's third runway at heathrow could be at risk of pollution , according to a study .
children with head injuries are more likely to be used to sleep , according to a study in the lancet .
leicester tigers have confirmed the signing of former racing 92 and british super league champions leicester tigers centre gareth bale .
at least 20 people have been killed in a stampede at a recycling plant in the brazilian city of tamaulipas , officials say .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud bod cymru wedi cyhoeddi ' r llywodraeth cymru .
us president donald trump has appointed former attorney general loretta lynch as her father , the son - in - law and daughter .
everton have appointed roberto martinez as their new manager on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
scientists in antarctica say they have found a new species of ice in the region of the ice age .
you ' ve been using your questions to ask us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a 16-year - old boy was sexually assaulted and robbed in glasgow city centre , police have said .
unemployment in the uk fell by 1.1 % in the year to june , according to official figures .
levels of violence at a kent prison have led to a sharp rise in violence , according to a report .
health boards are being urged to spend more than # 3.5 m on the nhs in scotland .
a number of people have died and two others were injured when a car crashed into a music festival in toronto .
sir phil mickelson has pulled out of itv 's big screen , the show has announced .
the formula 1 season gets under way in germany this week , and it 's not easy to see the company 's new engine .
a man has appeared in court in texas charged with assaulting a woman in the us state of texas .
liam livingstone 's maiden first - class century was not enough to put kent on day two against derbyshire .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has accused jeremy corbyn of being ` ` bullied '' .
an afghan aid worker who was abducted by the taliban in afghanistan last month has told the bbc she is still alive .
pub owners have been told they will not be able to buy the uk 's biggest pub chain .
bayern munich have signed borussia monchengladbach midfielder moussa dembele for an undisclosed fee .
youtube has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the music industry 's decision to pay youtube videos to youtube .
hundreds of people have signed a petition against plans to close a derby swimming pool in a bid to save it .
saudi arabia has said it will invest $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 bn -rrb- in its business in saudi arabia .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died after a crash in greater manchester .
a new trial has been launched in belfast for the first time in the uk to treat a serious condition .
chinese police are investigating the disappearance of former chief zhou yongkang , who has been missing for nearly two years .
police investigating the murder of a man in essex have made a fresh appeal for information about his body .
dundee united manager paul hartley says his side are ` ` desperate '' to reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
toronto mayor rob ford has died at the age of 82 , his family have said , following his death .
raith rovers came from behind to beat raith rovers and move into second place in the championship .
a 16-year - old boy is in a critical condition after being stabbed at a house in birmingham .
police in the indian state of uttar pradesh have arrested two men suspected of carrying beef in the western state of gujarat .
israel 's navy has ordered israel to cancel a ship 's fishing boat in the gaza strip .
a police inspector accused of historical child sex abuse has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not resign .
the world health organization says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that malaria is linked to malaria .
belfast 's baileys bookmakers have been shortlisted for this year 's baileys women 's fiction prize .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it is ` ` very difficult '' that northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said .
a team of scientists has developed a ` ` smart '' technique that can detect the planet 's surface .
scotland 's media industry is the best - known place in the uk , according to a new report .
one of the world 's best - known markets has been sold for the first time .
the death of a man whose body was found in a car has been described as a ` ` tragic accident '' .
a list of letters written by poet dylan thomas to the university of swansea is to be published online .
the prince of wales has joined the world 's first ever dance tour in new zealand , usa .
there 's a lot of talk about how many people in the uk are going to get to work .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to be a ceredigion - based artist .
in the middle east , al - qaeda - linked al - qaeda affiliate al - qaeda , al - qaeda was in the uk .
former leeds united chief executive david haigh has resigned from his post at the end of the season .
chelsea moved up to third in the premier league with a hard - fought victory over southampton at stamford bridge .
welsh para - athlete andrew davies has won the ipc athletics world para - athletics championships in budapest .
west ham reached the europa league quarter - finals for the first time with a 2 - 0 win over west ham .
a birmingham school has apologised for its ` ` trojan horse '' behaviour of its schools .
the golden globe awards have been announced for the first time in more than 30 years , taking place in the us .
two puppies have been seized in the republic of ireland in an operation to smuggle them into the uk .
barclays has said it is ` ` very confident '' that its chief executive will be axed .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed lower on wednesday after the company warned of a ` ` challenging '' decision .
league one side charlton athletic have signed chelsea midfielder george dockrell on loan until the end of the season .
a cat had to be rescued after its engine got stuck in a car in a field in fife .
justice secretary kenny macaskill has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish police and crime commissioner -lrb- mac -rrb- .
gambian president yahya jammeh has said he will ` ` step down '' the country 's president , yahya jammeh .
st johnstone came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
mark clattenburg has been cleared of misconduct by the football association -lrb- faf -rrb- after the fa cup final between chelsea and chelsea .
sherlock star benedict cumberbatch is to return to the bbc this year , it has been announced .
sinn [ UNK ] 's gerry reynolds has died at the age of 83 , the irish prime minister has announced .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of roma midfielder marouane fellaini from roma on a three - year deal .
italy 's prime minister matteo renzi has approved a new constitution that will allow him to stand for power .
a 16-year - old boy has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in west yorkshire .
two british couple who were rescued from the earthquake in nepal have been rescued by a group of friends .
dna tests have been carried out on the remains of a newborn baby whose remains were found in a bag in west yorkshire .
brazilian police say they have arrested a 14-year - old girl suspected of raping a teenage girl in the city of rio de janeiro .
a grade ii - listed church in northamptonshire is to be demolished after being damaged in an arson attack .
an australian man is one of the world 's richest men in the world , but he is still living in the ocean .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
australia 's foreign ministry has suspended an investigation into a female colleague 's death on a plane in sydney .
a paralympian who was paralysed from a triathlon in hawaii has said she is ` ` thrilled '' to have broken her leg .
claudio ranieri 's reign as leicester city 's new manager ended in defeat by leicester city at stamford bridge .
alexis sanchez scored a hat - trick as arsenal came from behind to beat watford in the premier league .
a pilot was killed when a light aircraft crashed on a field in stoke - on - trent .
the queen has announced she is to become the uk 's first female member of the european union .
two teenagers have been arrested after a fight broke out at a boxing match in south - west london .
chesterfield came from behind to beat chesterfield and move into the league one play - off places with victory at chesterfield .
a terminally ill man has raised more than # 1,000 in a bid to raise money for a climber .
morrisons has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by strong sales and profits .
a five - year - old boy has died after falling into a restaurant in the us state of georgia .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over west ham was ` ` not good enough '' .
for the first time , hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in cardiff to mark the centenary of the birth of a woman .
a high court judge has ordered a judicial review into the building of oxford 's tallest building . .
inverness caledonian thistle secured their place in the scottish league cup quarter - finals with a 2 - 0 win over macclesfield .
nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` confident '' that scotland will be able to keep the uk in the eu .
this year 's glastonbury festival will be the biggest event in the history of glastonbury .
a fire has broken out at a derelict hotel in the isle of man after a fire broke out .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she was ` ` shocked '' by her party 's victory in the general election .
a new bridge in county durham is to be closed for more than a year , it has been announced .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says his side 's champions league quarter - final win over manchester city is ` ` not good enough '' .
britain 's jo cox has become the first briton to win a bronze medal at the european championships .
scientists are being asked to help save the lives of premature babies in the oil and gas industry in aberdeen .
a dyfed - powys police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in rhondda cynon taff .
edinburgh international airport has apologised after a computer fault caused a computer system to be cancelled .
the new harry potter spin - off series has been released , with one of the latest characters in the new series .
google has unveiled its first android operating system , which allows users to use smartphones and smartphones .
residents in york have been urged to stay away from their homes because of flooding in the city centre .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- psni -rrb- has said the uk should remain in the european union .
teachers have been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by ofsted over plans to close schools .
richie ramsay says he is ` ` proud '' of his career after winning the scottish open at wimbledon .
a labour mp has been elected to the uk 's largest city , in a bid to leave the european union .
ukip 's leader in wales has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the decision to ban muslims from entering the country .
germany 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has lost a legal challenge against the us government 's decision to force the us to spy on the internet .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has cancelled all schools in west africa because of the ebola outbreak .
hundreds of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for the uk to be rescued from the sea off the south coast of england .
the head of the afghan national security council -lrb- hrw -rrb- has said the uk is ` ` not doing enough '' .
a man has died and two people have been injured after a car crashed into a car in birmingham .
derby county 's carl frampton is to join the derby - winning trainer for the first time .
the champions league semi - final between arsenal and arsenal will be shown live on bbc sport on sunday .
bournemouth have been fined # 10,000 by the football association for failing to control anti - doping rules .
oscar - winning actor tom hardy has been named best actor at this year 's golden globe awards .
glasgow warriors have signed south africa international scrum - half huw jones on a two - year deal .
britain 's katarina johnson - thompson won bronze in the women 's 4x400 m at the world indoor championships in london .
a senior australian golfer has said he is ` ` devastated '' by a crocodile crocodile that was mistaken for him .
a farmer has been fined # 2,000 after he dumped a tractor on a suffolk farm .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says david cameron , the prime minister of the exchequer , the brexit secretary , who has been in charge of scotland .
league one side burton albion have signed former burton albion and burton albion goalkeeper david dunn on a two - year deal .
a mental health unit in north tyneside has reopened after a&e department closed due to a lack of beds .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been vandalised in syria and iraq .
donald trump 's son - in - law , boris johnson , is one of the most important questions in europe .
one of northern ireland 's largest construction firms , ni , has reported a sharp fall in profits .
the nhs in england has been criticised for failing to meet the number of calls made by the regulator .
it 's not just a few weeks since a carcassessed carcass with a variety of words .
two british men have been released on bail after being released from prison in the uk , the bbc has learned .
former england and wales under-20 head coach graham westley has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
china 's foreign minister has accused the us of ` ` threatening '' a us warship in the philippines .
a vigil has been held in memory of the victims of a fire at a school in merthyr tydfil .
` ` i ' m going to be a mother , '' says rhon jones , who 's already loved ones .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the murder of a man in his home in county tyrone .
two - year - olds who use their heads to ` ` get their heads off '' when they go to the skies , say researchers .
northern ireland 's families are spending more than # 1.5 bn in household bills , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
south africa beat south africa by eight runs in the women 's one - day international in cape town .
a welsh boxer has said she is ` ` shocked '' after being refused permission to return to the commonwealth games .
one of scotland 's largest e - cigarettes is to be created in dumfries and galloway .
there 's a lot of talk about brexit and the impact of brexit negotiations in northern ireland .
lee evans scored twice as bradford came from behind to beat bradford and move into the league one play - off places .
wayne rooney is set to become the first player in the world to receive the world 's highest - paid player of the year .
juventus moved three points clear at the top of serie a with victory over gonzalo higua .
aston villa boss tim sherwood says his side 's 2 - 0 win over aston villa will be a ` ` disaster '' for the club .
lebanon 's supreme court has ordered the trial of a journalist accused of involvement in the killing of opposition leader hezbollah .
a lorry has been damaged in a sinkhole in essex after a lorry burst into flames .
maternity services at a north wales hospital have been temporarily closed after a health board agreed to cut the number of maternity services .
a south wales priest is to become the first in the world to be appointed to the church of wales .
more than 1,000 dogs have been seized by police in devon and cornwall , the bbc has learned .
a man has been jailed for four years after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in surrey .
a cargo ship that ran aground on the isle of wight will not be refloated because of safety concerns .
a man who wants to work with his older brother to help him get a job has told the bbc he is ` ` not afraid '' .
police in the us have launched a legal challenge against apple over the use of a fingerprint sensor .
` ` it 's easy , '' says one of the uk 's most popular community groups .
england will take on australia in the one - day cup after a five - wicket win over australia .
tranmere kept their national league play - off hopes alive with a goalless draw at home to dover .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the polls in nigeria 's presidential election .
a family from powys have told how they are ` ` living in the sky '' after they were bitten by a spider .
a hospital has apologised after two patients were injured during an accident at a mental health centre .
england manager roy hodgson said he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's performance in euro 2016 .
one of the uk 's best - known brands , hawick , has announced plans to sell its products .
a disabled pensioner has been charged with attempting to defraud the disabled pensioner 's disabled pensioner .
sir terry pratchett has been named as the new artistic director of shakespeare 's globe .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in a thrilling final practice session at the malaysian grand prix .
a self - driving robot has been captured on camera in san francisco , after a man was killed by a drone .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man whose body was found in a house in liverpool .
forest green 's hopes of reaching the national league play - offs suffered a blow as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by dover .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a ` ` cowardly attack '' .
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has said she will not vote for the republican nomination if hillary clinton wins the election .
singer - songwriter kezia dugdale is to be named as the new host of strictly come dancing .
a man has appeared in court in dublin charged with the murder of irish police officers in the republic of ireland .
women 's super league one leaders manchester city will face holders arsenal in the quarter - finals of the women 's fa cup .
jodie stimpson says she is aiming to become the first british woman to qualify for the rio paralympics .
jeremy corbyn has said the labour party is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the government 's plans for a new railway line in brighton .
conservative mp lord ashcroft has died after being diagnosed with drug addiction , the bbc has learned , following a report .
researchers at the university of sheffield are to launch an online version of the body 's virtual assistant .
the family of a man who was stolen from his computer have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the uk has signed a deal with the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- to help the victims of the jamaica conflict .
world number one jordan spieth has withdrawn from next week 's dubai desert classic because of bad weather .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is facing a major blow to the renewable heat incentive scheme .
dundee united manager grant mccann says he is looking forward to the club 's squad for next season .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to the stage , it 's easy to find it .
a group of british servicemen and women have taken to the streets of halifax to mark the 70th anniversary of the armed conflict .
one of northern ireland 's best - known rocket firms has said it will close its operations .
two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of kevin mcguigan in west belfast on friday .
one of elvis presley 's richest men , elvis presley , has died at the age of 74 .
more than a third of people in scotland do not afford to repay their debt , according to a new report .
britain 's andy murray said she was ` ` shocked '' by serena williams in the first round of wimbledon .
it 's not easy to see if you 're not the word ` ` islam '' .
oscar - winning film director kevin nicholson has died at the age of 89 .   's family .
colin turkington secured his first victory of the season in the british superbike championship at donington park .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges facing the government in mali .
the number of people diagnosed with lung cancer in scotland has fallen by almost a third in the past year , according to figures obtained by bbc scotland .
many of the uk 's largest retailers are looking at ways to stop cybercrimes and other factors .
plans for a # 1.5 m waste incinerator near newport have been rejected by the welsh government .
the use of computer computers in england has been linked to a new study of computers , say researchers .
a man 's body has been found in a field in dorset , police have said , after reports .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death in colchester .
as steven gerrard 's new manager , steven gerrard and steven gerrard walked to the end of the season .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has released new images of the earth .
it 's been a long - awaited letter to mark the 50th anniversary of harry potter 's death .
great britain 's liam fox won gold in the women 's singles at rio 2016 after suffering a serious head injury .
rescuers in south sudan are searching for survivors of a landslide that killed more than 1,000 people .
police in the us state of new orleans have arrested a man who drove a truck outside a gay pride parade .
league one side wolves have signed wolves midfielder dan evans on loan until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .
one of europe 's best - known men has been arrested in spain in connection with a series of robberies over the weekend .
a university in london has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to buying sewage into the river thames .
bbc radio ulster is mourning the death of dj dave morrison , who has died at the age of 74 .
yemen 's president hosni mubarak has resigned after months of talks with the government .
french presidential candidate francois fillon has had a problem with his wife , but it is not easy to find out .
the bbc has announced that it will introduce a series of ` ` nuisance calls '' for its coverage .
north korea 's military has said it is ` ` extremely disappointing '' that north korea has fired a ballistic missile .
two teenage boys have been shot in the head in a ` ` brutal attack '' in wolverhampton .
a labour councillor has been suspended from the party over an alleged anti - semitic tweet .
the government is to introduce a ` ` new tax '' on child benefit payments , say experts .
the scottish government has apologised to the crofting commission after it failed to agree a deal with scottish farmers .
derbyshire have signed india all - rounder alex wright as their overseas player for the 2017 t20 blast .
the metropolitan police is ` ` not doing enough '' , the met police 's commissioner has said .
louis van gaal 's first game in charge of manchester united ended in defeat at old trafford .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged in connection with a drugs raid in newtownards , county down .
a former welsh government adviser has accused the welsh government of failing to pay for tuition fees in wales .
the royal court of justice -lrb- pps -rrb- has opened a new trial in dublin .
manchester city women 's fa cup qualifier against england has been called up to the england under-21 squad .
a terminally ill man who caused the death of his five - year - old son has been jailed for seven years .
championship side huddersfield town have completed the signing of striker jordan rhodes from championship rivals wolves for an undisclosed fee .
` ` i ' ve been born in the uk , '' says tesco , who was once described as one of the world 's most famous farmers .
the nhs in england is facing a ` ` significant increase '' in accident and emergency departments , according to a new report .
the director of the public prosecution service -lrb- rhi -rrb- has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that northern ireland 's transport minister has said .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping and raping a woman in west belfast .
when a man was shot and killed by a gunman on a train in amsterdam , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has learned .
scotland 's women 's curling team have been named in the women 's european curling championships .
northern ireland 's first minister has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the death of a woman who has been diagnosed with drug trafficking .
a boat carrying migrants has capsized off the libyan coast of libya , the italian coastguard has said .
premiership side newcastle falcons have signed fly - half george wood on a two - year deal from premiership rivals leicester tigers .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a fire broke out at a shop in belfast .
a singapore - based taxi - hailing firm has been banned from taxi - hailing app uber .
the premier league season starts on sunday , with manchester city and manchester united winning the title on sunday .
super league champions wigan warriors will face disciplinary action after the rugby football league -lrb- bbl -rrb- was found guilty of biting an opponent .
former rangers owner mike ashley has lost his appeal against a high court ruling which led to his takeover of rangers .
a company has been fined # 2,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a forklift truck .
manchester united 's champions league title hopes are over , but they are the best team in the world .
homes in west belfast have been flooded after heavy rain caused flooding , the fire service has said , .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` confident '' that the us will be able to help the nato crisis .
two men have been charged in connection with the manipulation of the libor stock exchange exchange -lrb- pp -rrb- .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has been charged with assaulting his ex - girlfriend .
roger federer says he does n't know why he 's not going to play at wimbledon .
a primary school in leeds has been evacuated after a fire broke out at a school in the city .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has been ruled out of the tour of new zealand with a knee injury .
it 's a lot more than a billion people in the space industry , but it 's not easy .
former arsenal boss steve fox has signed a new two - year contract with the premier league club . .
the family of a british backpacker who went missing in thailand say they are ` ` desperate '' to find her .
a # 1.5 m project to improve the care of children at a county antrim hospital has been completed .
aberystwyth university -lrb- ces -rrb- has been named the best university of the year for the first time .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 30th anniversary of the death of a british soldier who died in the manchester attack .
disney has topped the us box office chart for the first time in more than three years , with the release of its debut .
great britain will play australia in the semi - finals of the women 's hockey world cup after a 1 - 1 draw in london .
a man has begun his bid to become the first person to swim the atlantic to the pacific ocean .
the remains of two men believed to have been murdered in japan have been found in the peak district .
an rnli crew has been rescued from the sea off the moray coast after a rescue operation .
the government is calling for the government to provide a ` ` free child '' for the families of some of the child 's most vulnerable families .
charlton athletic manager richie foran says he is ` ` confident '' his side can avoid relegation from the premier league .
a sea turtle found washed up on a beach in cumbria has been identified as a ` ` significant '' sea turtle .
hbo has said it is investigating a hacking attack on hbo , which killed more than 100 people , including the game 's creator of the game .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the best companies in africa .
a video game has been presented with yorkshire 's best actor of the year award for his work .
french soldiers who were tortured and tortured during world war two have been buried in a camp in paris .
a man has admitted abducting and kidnapping a newborn baby in shrewsbury , leaving her with a 12-month - old baby .
cash - strapped cash - strapped cash - strapped cash machines could be hit by the end of the year , the bbc understands .
residents of a sussex town have been told they are ` ` devastated '' after a wall collapsed .
former australia batsman phillip hughes has died after being hit by a car while playing in australia 's cricket team .
a bbc radio station is to be sold for # 1.5 m , it has been confirmed .
stephen jones has said he will be ` ` proud '' to be the next welsh footballer of the year .
police in the northern indian state of bihar say they have arrested more than 100 people over allegations of cheating .
iran 's state - owned companies were forced to pay their jobs because of a lack of staff , a survey suggests .
the us justice department says it will stop using mobile phones and tablets to search them for their mobile phones .
chelsea - based artist and fashion designer christian christian bentekea has died at the age of 90 .
brazil 's first professional footballer , cristiano ronaldo , has been named as the world 's oldest footballer of the year .
boris johnson has warned that the uk will not be able to stay in the european union after brexit .
yaya toure scored a hat - trick as ukraine came from behind to beat ukraine 2 - 0 and reach the last 16 of euro 2016 .
a suicide bomber has told the us to ` ` take control '' of the iraqi city of falluja after a suicide bomb exploded .
the risk of breast cancer could be linked to cancer , according to a study of the journal of cancer .
michael van gerwen is through to the second round of the pdc world championship after beating phil taylor 6 - 2 in manchester .
police officers in england and wales are being urged to help tackle domestic abuse by the home office , the bbc has learned .
us food giant e. coli is reported to have been infected with e. coli outbreaks in the us .
a fraudster who conned more than # 1 m of thousands of pounds has been jailed for three years .
russia is marking the 70th anniversary of the soviet union 's war with russia , but it is not a symbol of nazi germany .
iraq 's president ashraf ghani is to step down as part of efforts to fight islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
nigeria 's military has approved a $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- settlement with the us , officials say .
the family of a man whose body was found in a bin in north lanarkshire have paid tribute to him .
police have appealed for help in tracing a woman whose body was found in a perthshire flat on friday .
a nurse has been found guilty of attempting to murder a vulnerable woman in her cell at her home .
a mobile phone app is to be launched in manchester by the company behind a new # 1 m mobile app .
the uk 's inflation rate fell by 0.1 % in april , according to official figures .
qatar 's world governing body has confirmed it will not host the 2022 world cup in qatar .
plans for a new theme park at stonehenge have been rejected by the council of england and wales .
a convicted drug smuggler has been jailed for two years after he was caught with a hidden camera .
one of the uk 's rarest birds of prey has hatched at a norfolk nature reserve .
the queen and edinburgh university have signed a letter to edinburgh university students who are protesting about the cost of fossil fuel .
a statue of a man who was abandoned in a derbyshire town has been vandalised after being found in a plastic bag .
the singer - songwriter joni mitchell has said she is ` ` devastated '' after suffering a suspected heart attack .
two men have been jailed after being convicted of raping a woman at a prison in bristol and somerset .
two teenage girls have been sentenced to life in prison for the attempted murder of a british backpacker in the us .
league one side sheffield united have released striker stuart baxter .   's second - half - year contract .
the rugby football union is ` ` not good enough '' , according to former england captain ian ritchie .
former us vice - president joe palin is set to become the next us secretary of state .
safety concerns have been raised at the bottom of devon and cornwall 's nuclear deterrent submarines , the ministry of defence has said .
the church of england is calling for a change in the way the church should pay for same - sex weddings .
in south korea 's capital , south korea , the world 's biggest business , the country 's richest man , is one of the biggest challenges in the world .
a man has been jailed for four years for conspiring to steal # 2 m from a bank account .
brexit secretary alun cairns has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk leaving the european union .
junior doctors in england have held a rally in protest at the government 's proposed new contract for junior doctors .
league two side crawley town have re - signed former crewe alexandra midfielder matt crooks on a two - year deal .
if you ' ve ever heard of disney 's smartwatch , you ' ve got a bit of a robot .
the british grand prix is on course for the first time in more than 20 years , with the british team taking part in the dressage grand prix .
the number of households switching energy bills has fallen by more than a third in a year , according to regulator ofgem .
the royal institution of bhutan is taking its first place in the world , but it 's not only one of the country 's most popular tourist destinations .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has told the bbc that the uk should remain in the european union .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in dundee .
hull is to host the 2022 commonwealth games , the city 's sports minister has announced . .
former england international footballer jean - claude junhui has appeared in court charged with drug offences .
welsh liberal democrat leader kirsty williams says she will not be able to run the liberal democrats .
the bodies of two men who died after a collapsed building in swansea have been described as a ` ` disaster '' .
london mayor sadiq khan has announced plans to cut travel costs for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- and rail services .
germany will face germany in the opening match of the fifa under-20 world cup after a 2 - 0 win over germany .
police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found at a house in liverpool .   's
tributes have been paid to the victims of the manchester terror attack in which a man was stabbed to death .
china 's prime minister has said he was behind the deadly attack on a train in xinjiang that killed 22 people .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been cast on the front pages of the us presidential debate , with a mixture of anger .
a world war one veteran who died during world war two has been remembered at his home in glasgow .
a motorcyclist was killed when his boat collided with a fishing boat in the cairngorms .
a railway company has been banned from its licence after a worker was found to have its licence revoked .
lewis hamilton won the hungarian grand prix for the second time in a row with a dominant victory in the belgian grand prix .
the un security council has ordered the removal of chemical weapons from syria 's chemical weapons , the un says .
french boxer emmanuel adebayo , who was accused of carrying out acid attacks on women in the country , has been accused of attacking women .
homeless people in northampton could be forced to leave their homes , a council report has said in a report .
birmingham city moved up to second in the women 's super league one table with victory over birmingham city .
a scheme to build a new bike hire scheme in birmingham is to be launched by the city council .
a new study has found that farming could lead to the growing number of plants in south - west wales .
a supermarket has agreed to sell it to a supermarket in a row over plans to turn it into a supermarket .
england captain alastair cook said he was ` ` shocked '' by the collapse of the one - day series against pakistan .
there 's a lot of talk about the uk 's brexit negotiations , but there 's no sign of the brexit process .
the organisers of this year 's glastonbury festival have announced they will attend the annual glastonbury festival .
port vale came from behind to beat 10-man port vale in the efl cup second round .
ex - england captain tom wood says the club 's ` ` super league '' is the ` ` biggest club in the world 's history '' .
a russian airliner has been shot dead by a russian air force in turkey , the foreign office has said .
chancellor george osborne has said he is ` ` confident '' that the uk will remain in the european union .
eastenders actress glen mitchell is to return to eastenders for the first time , the bbc has confirmed , following his death .
ronnie o'sullivan reached the quarter - finals of the world championship with a 6 - 3 win over mark selby .
a bypass which closed a bypass in inverness has been closed to allow work to repair a busy bypass .
oldham athletic have suspended striker fernando montani after being charged with misconduct by the football association over his conduct .
margaret thatcher has died at the age of 90 , her family has announced .   's first major monarch .
the government 's flagship pensions system is to be introduced in the next five years , under new proposals .
rhondda cynon taff is among the stars of the welsh band 's new album .
a man has apologised after a video appeared to show his teeth when he fell from a toilet break .
when a woman in her own home in sweden , she was n't afraid of going to court .
a cafe owner in powys has said she is ` ` disgusted '' by the disappearance of a 15-year - old girl .
it 's a long time for horses , but they are more likely to be able to make it easier for horses .
a paramedic who died in a rollercoaster crash at alton towers has been awarded an mbe .
vincenzo nibali won the giro d'italia as he finished second in sunday 's giro d'italia .
british number one heather watson is through to the second round of the aegon classic in eastbourne .
the number of people living in the borders has fallen by more than a third in the past year .
the remains of one of the disappeared have been found in the republic of ireland , the irish defence minister has said .
a man has been cleared of raping a 15-year - old girl under the age of 16 .
a judge in california has issued a petition calling for a transgender man to be convicted of sexual assault .
england under-21 midfielder stuart mccall has announced his retirement from international football with the england under-21 squad .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe midfielder luke watson on loan until the end of the season .
comic book fans have released a version of the original star wars film spectre , which has been released .
thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a ban on gay and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side 's premier league title hopes are ` ` not good enough '' .
the rspb has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags in the north of scotland .
the fans of leeds united fans have spoken of their anger at the club 's fans after a protest against ticket prices .
the welsh language commissioner has said it will be ` ` impossible '' to get more welsh language teachers .
it 's not easy to get a wheelchair , but it 's easy to fly from a plane .
super league side huddersfield giants have signed castleford tigers prop sam burgess on a two - year deal .
a man has died after a chemical incident at a house in east london , police have said , .
the funeral of a british man who died in syria has been held in the city of kobane .
it 's been a year since ben ainslie 's death of his son and son .
the first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that english laws should be introduced in england and wales .
a london - based ` ` hoverboard '' has been unveiled in the city .
the chief executive of belfast international airport has written to the uk 's ambassador to the european union .
the son of edward snowden , the former cia intelligence chief , has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the us government .
more than 100 inmates have been injured after a disturbance broke out at a prison in kent .   's
syrian government forces are reported to have seized control of a rebel - held town in the city of aleppo .
heavy rain and rain caused flooding in parts of the uk and the uk , according to new research .
linfield reached the semi - finals of the champions league with a 2 - 0 win over linfield in the first leg of their europa league first qualifying round tie .
work is under way on a # 1.5 m cruise ship to save the port of bristol .
a denbighshire home is to be built as part of a # 1 m regeneration scheme .
scientists in morocco have found a new way to find out why humans can be found in the mediterranean .
` ` we ' ve got a bit of my mind , '' says jean - claude juncker .
cladding on grenfell tower is to be removed from the grenfell tower fire , the scottish government has said .
carrie fisher , who has died at the age of 89 , has died aged 79 .   's first film .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has vowed to fight the country 's islamist militant group -lrb- da -rrb- .
the polish defence ministry has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the russian government 's response to the soviet union .
scotland 's neil robertson suffered a shock defeat by judd trump in the first round of the world championship .
the nhs in england is to receive # 3.5 bn of funding from the nhs , the bbc has learned .
scotland 's greenhouse gas emissions have been released by the scottish government , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
tens of thousands of people have marched in morocco to protest against a new constitution that would allow people to vote for independence .
nottingham forest 's jordan lowe has become the first player to score a century in the england under-21 championship .
a 15-year - old girl has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle explosives into a flat in edinburgh .
brentford have sacked manager mark warburton and assistant mark warburton as their new head coach .
scientists say they have found some of the earliest evidence of ancient footprints in the north wales coast , which have been hidden .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has said she will attend the olympic games in rio next month .
two fishermen had to be rescued after their fishing boat got into difficulty off the aberdeenshire coast on sunday .
singaporeans have taken part in a protest against a ban on gay people taking part in the country .
two men have been jailed for their part in a multi - million pound raid at a museum .
a children 's nursery in ceredigion has been closed after a number of youths were found at a nursery .
the government is ` ` failing '' to tackle the grenfell tower scandal , a report has warned .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has said it is ` ` confident '' the ebola mission in west africa .
australian rugby union -lrb- nrl -rrb- has charged a man with drug trafficking and drugs offences .
supporters of egypt 's muslim brotherhood have been reacting to the results of a new constitution that will allow the country to vote for independence .
a former soldier has called for a public inquiry into the events of bloody sunday to mark the centenary of the troubles .
a russian man has died in turkey after being found dead in a car in the city of aleppo .
the number of children in wales has fallen by more than half in the last five years , according to new figures .
the world 's fastest car has broken the record for the fastest car in the world , breaking the record .
liverpool city council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that fans of the sun and the sun have been asked to boycott the sun .
at least 15 people have been killed in a gas explosion at a recycling plant in northern nigeria , police say .
motorists are being warned to expect a ` ` significant '' increase in speed cameras on the m74 in north lanarkshire .
dundee united have made their first signing of the summer by bringing in dundee united midfielder jordon forster .
two climbers have been reported missing after they were spotted by a group of climbers in paris .
rock band u2 have paid tribute to one of the uk 's best - known rock stars .
the us has condemned china 's ` ` military intervention '' in the disputed south china sea .
a hospital in california has been hit by a cyber - attack , according to a security researcher .
travel firm sky has reported a sharp rise in profits , helped by strong growth in china and china .
a ban on so - called legal highs should be introduced in northern ireland , a committee of mps has said .
thailand 's supreme court has ordered former prime minister yingluck shinawatra to stand trial for corruption .
celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
ferry operator caledonian macbrayne has apologised after a ferry was cancelled due to problems with its fleet .
birmingham city moved up to second in the championship with victory at nottingham forest , who remain without a win .
taylor swift has become the first woman to win the mtv mtv music awards , and it 's not just a few weeks to go .
ben duckett scored a hat - trick as lancashire beat cornwall to move top of the county championship .
chelsea moved up to third in the premier league with victory over west brom at the kcom stadium .
a new exhibition has opened in nottingham to mark the centenary of britain 's most famous migrant boat .
google has unveiled a new system designed to monitor people 's fingerprinting habits , as part of a crackdown on security .
two pembrokeshire men are hoping to compete in the men 's race at the european indoor championships .
education secretary justine greening says she is ` ` concerned '' about the impact of school meals .
northern ireland 's largest health trust -lrb- rcs -rrb- has said it is cutting its staff numbers this year .
great britain 's jack laugher won silver in the men 's 4x400 m final at the european championships in denmark .
two police officers have been disciplined for failing to properly properly properly investigate a woman who was found dead .
former bbc presenter ag aguero has died at the age of 74 , his agent has confirmed .
cameroon coach pierre - emerick aubameyang says his side 's 2 - 0 africa cup of nations quarter - final defeat by cameroon is a ` ` disaster '' .
a north korean man has been sentenced to six years in prison for trying to travel to north korea to the us .
the mother of a six - year - old boy who had a kidney transplant has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
a bridge in central london is to reopen for the first time in more than a decade after it was closed .
germany 's transport regulator is investigating claims that a security flaw in flight bookings could be linked to security breaches .
pope francis has died at the age of 94 , his former head of the catholic church in albania .
an edinburgh zoo has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that its giant panda is not available .
manchester city 's fa cup final against manchester city is to be held on sunday , 17 october .
a holyrood msp has written to holyrood 's presiding officer asking the scottish parliament to do more to tackle coffee .
ronnie o'sullivan reached the quarter - finals of the welsh open with a 6 - 3 win over mark allen .
a us drone strike in afghanistan has killed an afghan man who was killed in a drone strike , officials say .
the daughter of a us woman accused of murdering her daughter has said she is ` ` shocked '' and ` ` devastated '' .
former england captain charlotte edwards is to retire from cricket at the end of the women 's super league .
a wooden box in the german city of glastonbury has been lit up for the first time .
a community - owned swimming pool in reading is set to reopen after a # 3.5 m refurbishment .
a lorry has crashed into a bus in central germany , killing six people and injuring dozens of others , officials say .
british cycling 's chief executive has apologised for ` ` failings '' in the sport .
a man has been given a life sentence for the murder of a woman whose body was found in a search for her body .
bayern munich boss thomas thomas has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the german footballer 's decision to quit football .
two men have been arrested in india on suspicion of raping a nun in the city of kolkata .
it 's been a year since jeremy corbyn won the labour party 's general election .
a 92-year - old woman has gone on trial accused of fraud and money laundering , a court has heard .
the uk 's fishing industry needs a ` ` significant impact '' on brexit , according to a report by the house of lords .
` ` it was n't really , '' said a man in belfast 's politics .
a car company has apologised after footage emerged of a crash - landed car was posted online .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 is under way for the first time .
chelsea moved back to the top of the premier league with a hard - fought victory over stoke .
sale moved up to second in the premiership table with a hard - fought victory over sale sharks .
wycombe wanderers have re - signed midfielder liam kashkeke on loan until the end of the season .
a horse has died after suffering a head injury during a race at aintree , the trainer has said .
a plane had to be diverted to manchester airport after it was hit by a lightning strike on sunday .
a gp surgery has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors for the first time in a year .
` ` it 's like a football club , '' says ann budge , ` ` i ' m not a football fan . ''
the scottish government is being urged to make changes to the way the local elections are run by the eu .
residents in essex have been accused of trying to evict their homes as part of a legal challenge against eviction .
a fire has broken out at a block of flats in glasgow city centre after a fire broke out .
tennis is ` ` not good enough '' , according to former player colin fleming , who says match - fixing .
plans to build a new railway station on the outskirts of lancashire have been approved by the city council .
it 's been a year since christmas day , but it 's not easy to see it .
zara , the world 's biggest online retailer , has reported a rise in profits for the first quarter of 2015 .
a lorry has crashed into the m8 in dumfries and galloway , causing a number of crashes .
an ex - england cricket board has apologised after a series of complaints about mental health problems .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and former nigeria international oliseh oliseh explains why nigeria 's new coach will be replaced by the club .
super league leaders castleford tigers will host hull fc in the first round of the super league season .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has defended his country 's decision to accept foreign aid .
passengers travelling to the uk from eurotunnel to eurotunnel have been told they are ` ` not safe '' by the government .
saracens director of rugby steve mccall has defended his team 's decision to leave the british and irish lions at wembley .
a football fan has completed a charity challenge to raise money for a premier league football club in liverpool .
robert snodgrass scored a late winner as hull city came from behind to beat exeter city .
tens of thousands of people have marched in paris to protest against plans to cut the number of social workers .
ulster 's new zealand - based rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- says the pro12 should be a ` ` better player '' .
former entertainer rolf harris is to be removed from his post as part of an inquiry into allegations of fraud .
a woman with a rare genetic condition in dumfries and galloway has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by a petition calling for the treatment of a child .
usain bolt won the 200 m hurdles at the diamond league meeting in doha to take the 100 m lead .
scotland manager gordon strachan hopes his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia at hampden .
ulster have appointed former new zealand international kevin gidman as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
east dunbartonshire council 's spending watchdog has called for the scottish government to improve services .
a father accused of murdering his two - year - old son has told a jury he was ` ` scared '' to kill him .
leyton orient earned their first win of the season as they beat crawley to move into the league two play - off places .
senegal 's president yoweri museveni has pledged to help tackle the migrant crisis in africa .
league one leaders livingston were held to a goalless draw by brechin city at brechin city .
a woman had to be rescued after her car got stuck in a sinkhole in a park in sunderland .
a car has been involved in a ` ` serious accident '' on the a9 in aberdeenshire .
chancellor george osborne has told the bbc he will not be allowed to vote for the uk to leave the european union .
derry moved up to second place in the fai cup with a comfortable win over derry at the brandywell .
edinburgh city council has apologised after a cyber - attack on its website was hacked .
hull fc moved up to second in the super league table with a bonus - point win over halifax .
spain 's prime minister has called on spanish police to try to fight islamist militants in northern spain .
one of the world 's most famous shipbuilders has died at the age of 83 .
pakistan 's prime minister najib razak has called on the country 's military to end the death of an anti - government activist .
the first dinosaur to be built in greater manchester has been described as one of the world 's most famous scientists .
a perthshire - based supermarket has been sold to a customer contract with the loss of more than 1,000 customers .
` ` it was n't the olympics , '' says brian smith , who won the 2016 rio olympics .
two people had to be rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of aberdeenshire .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a fire at a recycling plant was ` ` too dangerous '' , an inquest has heard .
vandals have been jailed for stealing more than # 1 m from railway stations across england and wales .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over bournemouth is a ` ` huge factor '' .
volkswagen has been ordered to stop production of its new generation of plants in the uk after a court ruling .
australia 's attorney general says she is ` ` appalled '' by the government 's failure to oust the government .
huddersfield giants have re - signed huddersfield giants full - back jake bugg on a two - year deal .
one of china 's most famous paintings has sold at auction for $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 6.5 m -rrb- .
a former south wales health minister has been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct in a hospital .
a man has been charged with the murder of a footballer who was stabbed to death in the street .
the scottish cup final between celtic and celtic at hampden on saturday night will take place later .
a man accused of murdering a vulnerable woman in a ` ` cowardly '' attack has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' .
archaeologists in egypt say they have found a large piece of palmyra 's ` ` hoard '' of palmyra .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder alex pritchard on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
usain bolt won the men 's 200 m at the diamond league meeting in doha to claim his second world title .
crystal palace defender jan januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
scientists say they have found evidence that the planet 's carbon emissions could be destroyed by carbon emissions .
forest green moved up to second in the national league with victory over fellow strugglers forest green rovers .
the nobel prize for nobel prize - winning nobel prize has been held in france for the first time .
private landlords should be forced to rent their own home , a report by london mayor boris johnson has said .
mexican attorney general yahya jammeh has been arrested in mexico on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering .
an animal welfare charity has said it was ` ` extremely lucky to be alive '' after a peregrine falcon was shot dead .
russian president vladimir putin and german chancellor angela merkel have arrived in germany for a visit to germany .
rangers manager mark warburton says he is ` ` very happy '' with the scottish premiership club .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is ` ` confident '' midfielder luke richards will return from injury .
saracens director of rugby andy farrell says he is ` ` proud '' of his side after winning the european champions cup .
there 's a lot of discussion about the future of britain 's membership of the european union .
the bbc has won this year 's baileys women 's fiction award for the first time .
celtic have signed former celtic and scotland under-21 midfielder joe quinn on a season - long loan .
ikea has apologised after a customer was injured in a crash in finland . ''
a study suggests that men who have cancer are more likely to be diagnosed with cancer than previously thought .
hibernian head coach neil lennon says the club are looking forward to a new four - year deal .
the centenary of a world war two plane crash has been marked by a group of people killed in the mediterranean .
a # 3.5 m research centre in newcastle has been given the go - ahead by the city council .
the number of homes in guernsey fell by 5 % in the last three years , according to a report .
a man has said he was ` ` shocked and shocked '' by a man who allegedly stole more than # 20,000 from the internet .
a major fire at a derelict mansion in cheshire has been destroyed , the fire service has said in the city .
in south sudan , a group of students are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the country 's civil war .
australia 's prime minister narendra modi is taking a look at the news that the country 's politicians and politicians are trying to find out what they are doing .
a blood test could be used to treat a disease that causes the disease , a cancer charity has warned .
the olympic games in rio de janeiro have been taking place in the city for the first time in a decade .
a medieval church in the north wales valleys is to reopen after a # 1.5 m fundraising campaign .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was found stabbed to death in hampshire .
us president donald trump has said the cuban government is ` ` very confident '' its relations with cuba .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate nico rosberg to victory at the singapore grand prix .
if you want to know what you think about scotland 's independence , there 's a lot of scottish music .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has warned it could be ` ` disastrous '' if it does not recruit enough military personnel .
two teenage girls have died and two others have been injured in a two - car crash in north yorkshire .
holyrood 's finance secretary has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's finance committee .
worcestershire have signed new zealand all - rounder kevin pietersen for next season 's t20 blast .
scotland goalkeeper gordon strachan has been named in the scotland squad for the 2018 world cup qualifiers .
the us ambassador to the us has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of inmates at guantanamo bay .
the world 's first aircraft is to be built in the united states , the pentagon has announced .
parents at a gwynedd children 's camp have been told they will no longer be prosecuted .
a man has been given a 12-month community order to remove a dog from his owner 's home .
a man has appeared in court charged with rape and assaulting a woman at westminster 's parliament .
the uk 's broadband industry needs to be ` ` completely unacceptable '' , according to a report by bt .
new zealand 's coastguard is mourning the deaths of dozens of whales stranded on the island of reunion .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has said it is ` ` confident '' north korea will host the 2022 olympic games .
french prosecutors are investigating allegations of tax evasion and money laundering against former french president francois hollande .
british astronaut tim peake has made a speech on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- in his first speech on earth .
two australian marines have been killed in a helicopter crash off the coast of australia , the navy has said .
airdrieonians maintained their league one play - off push with a 2 - 0 win over airdrieonians .
a ` ` significant '' number of traffic lights have been installed at a busy junction in plymouth .
a number of people have been arrested in connection with the theft of money from a scottish football club .
super league side sydney roosters have re - signed catalans dragons full - back kevin sinfield on a two - year deal .
one of the uk 's most famous bullies has been captured on camera in the republic of ireland .
supermarket giant walmart has said it is recalling more than 1,000 customers who have been hacked by hackers .
a lorry has been found dumped in a field in conwy county , prompting a police investigation .
dame judi dench is among the nominees for this year 's olivier awards , which have been announced .
pine martens have arrived at a denbighshire wildlife trust for the first time in more than 30 years .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found at a house in north london .
eyewitnesses have been urged to stop people using adverts to wear ` ` hoverboards '' .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` brutal attack '' has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' .
plans for a new community centre in denbighshire have been approved by the local authority -lrb- cc -rrb- .
the government of zambia 's ruling party has been accused of carrying out illegal logging in the country .
the oil and gas industry has reported a fall in profits for the first half of the year to march .
one of the uk 's best - known artists has told a bbc music festival that the city 's ` ` best - known '' .
the amount of money spent on flood defences in wales is to be spent by the welsh government , it has been claimed .
former liberal democrat leader sir vince cable has apologised after a row over his party 's election campaign .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn mcbryde has been appointed as the new head of wales .
a group of labour mps have called for a ban on disabled and disabled people to be banned from work .
canadian coffee giant coca - cola has agreed to buy the world 's most expensive coffee business in the us .
the united nations secretary of state john kerry has urged qatar to do more to deal with the gulf of qatar .
the scottish government has announced plans to cut the number of gp surgeries in scotland from next year .
welsh snooker 's mark williams will attempt to become the first welsh snooker player to qualify for the world championship .
protesters in the us state of virginia have arrested two people suspected of being involved in an oil pipeline .
chelsea captain john terry has been given a two - match touchline ban for his red card in saturday 's 2 - 2 draw with chelsea .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the country .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has called for the uk to leave the european union .
a car dealer has gone on trial accused of fraud and money laundering in a car crash in rhondda cynon taff .
teachers in lincolnshire have been told they will no longer be able to take part in a new scheme .
the flying vulcan bomber has cancelled a tour of britain because of a ` ` technical problem '' .
league one side colchester united have re - signed colchester united midfielder matt gilmour on a two - year deal .
the french socialist party -lrb- prime minister -rrb- has won the first round of the european parliament .
leigh centurions head coach brian kelly says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to leave the club .
california 's supreme court has ruled that same - sex couples can not be allowed to marry .
hartlepool united manager paul moore says he is ` ` surprised '' by the club 's board .
a russian journalist has been expelled from the russian embassy in moscow , the ministry of defence has said .
phil mickelson has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his brother phil mickelson .
chancellor george osborne has announced plans to cut the number of companies paid by the chancellor , george osborne .
former sunderland footballer adam johnson has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by a 15-year - old girl he had sex with her .
black football fans are being warned about racist chanting during wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against cardiff city on saturday .
first minister carwyn jones has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to brexit .
it 's easy to see david cameron 's decision to leave the european union , and it 's not easy .
the football association says it is ` ` confident '' jersey will be allowed to host the 2018 world cup .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not be able to defend donald trump 's presidential campaign .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in bristol .
norwich city have completed the signing of rangers defender pedro caixinha from rangers for an undisclosed fee .
the peruvian government has begun a major operation to try to smuggle cocaine into the north of the country .
rihanna has announced that it is releasing a new album , but it is n't just one .
for the first time , the royal navy 's fleet of submarines is under way in the arctic .
nigeria 's yaya toure has left nigeria to remain as manager until the end of the season .
a book about the long - awaited scottish poet of the year has been shortlisted for this year 's award .
the world 's most famous women 's rights body has been removed from the us after a row over gender equality .
london welsh rugby 's board has been ordered to repay the club 's # 20 m debt owed to the premiership club .
bournemouth goalkeeper lukasz fabianski has been ruled out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
a man has been charged with manslaughter after a man was seriously injured in a street brawl .
the orange order in west belfast has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the parades commission 's decision .
the police ombudsman has called for an independent review into the deaths of four soldiers in northern ireland .
pope francis has said he will not stand for the first time in office in the united states , in an attempt to oust him .
kilmarnock have signed former rangers captain lee mcculloch on a two - year deal .
the owners of a family - owned family 's funeral have said they are ` ` disgusted '' by the decision to sell them .
the prime minister has said she is ` ` confident '' that the uk will be able to keep immigration .
leeds rhinos moved up to second in super league with a hard - fought victory over wakefield .
a new tv service is to be launched in england and wales from next year , it has been announced .
a 17-year - old boy has died after getting into difficulty in a river in rhondda cynon taff .
grammar schools in england are more likely to have a ` ` radical '' education system , say researchers .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a father - of - two who was found stabbed to death .
a couple from northern ireland have won a high court battle over same - sex marriage in northern ireland .
petra kvitova reached the quarter - finals of the aegon championships with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over romania 's petra kvitova .
this year 's grammy awards have been announced in los angeles , with the music industry taking place .
league one side bury have signed former oldham athletic and bury midfielder liam brown on a two - year deal .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the dup 's response to the political crisis .
in haiti , the capital , haiti , is one of the country 's most powerful cities in the world .
napoli have completed the signing of former brazil striker mauricio pochettino for an undisclosed fee .
taiwan has banned the use of private private email accounts , state media report , as part of a crackdown on chinese officials .
britain 's anthony joshua retained his wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points win over julius indongo .
ospreys fly - half dan biggar has signed a new contract with the ospreys .
the plane that crashed in kenya 's capital , nairobi , has been forced to return to the boeing 787 dreamliner jet .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the tour de france with victory in a sprint finish .
the mother of one of britain 's best - known horse races has apologised after a female jockey was disqualified .
south africa 's president pierre nkurunziza has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the country 's decision to leave the country .
a food company has gone into administration with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs , the company has announced .
spain 's government has launched an investigation into allegations of tax evasion and money laundering in the country .
leeds united moved up to second in the championship table with victory over burton albion at elland road .
the inventor of artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- says the world needs to be ` ` more transparent '' .
the prison service in wiltshire has ` ` deteriorated '' in the past year , according to a report .
a ` ` super bowl '' has been hailed the world 's most famous soap opera for the first time .
french writer and writer adaobi horowitz has been accused of insulting islam and insulting islam .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid won the copa del rey final for the first time in a row .
there 's a lot of talk about the future of the sport 's governing body -lrb- ww -rrb- .
tesla has been accused of causing the deaths of its driverless cars by using a self - driving car .
world champion mark selby produced a stunning display to beat china 's mark selby and reach the world championship final .
a bird of prey has been shot dead by a police watchdog following a series of attacks on the land .
four people have been charged in connection with a series of ` ` modern slavery offences '' in lincolnshire .
canadian prime minister justin trudeau has met canadian president justin trudeau for his first visit to the united states .
the number of people using facebook has risen by more than a million in the past year , according to a survey .
the outbreak of ebola in west africa has been at the centre of a major global health crisis .
amazon has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the uk 's decision to sell its uk business in luxembourg .
a cargo ship has been given a suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to drink and drink - driving .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a jealous rage attack .
police in the us state of kentucky have charged a woman with involvement in a car crash that killed her husband .
sir mick jagger , one of the uk 's best - known entertainers , has died aged 71 .
bournemouth midfielder danny wilson will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury in saturday 's 2 - 1 win over bournemouth .
gateshead moved up to second in the national league with a win over guiseley at bootham crescent .
the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- website has been accused of breaching the rules on internet access .
one of scotland 's most famous flowers is to be transformed into a ` ` new flower '' .
the hinkley point nuclear power station in somerset has been ` ` strongly criticised '' by the uk government 's cabinet .
the rspb has appointed a new national bird of prey to be named as the new king of britain .
matt godden scored a hat - trick as peterborough came from behind to beat bristol rovers at the memorial stadium .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why some of kenya 's worst attacks in the middle east .
spanish police say they have arrested two people suspected of being involved in a plot to smuggle migrants into spain .
warrenpoint town boss david healy is confident his side can avoid relegation from the premiership after a 2 - 0 defeat by coleraine .
when jordan spieth and jordan spieth won the masters , there 's a lot of golf .
when lance armstrong 's former tour de france champion , he did n't know what he would like to be a man .
a wildfire in california has killed more than 1,000 people and injured dozens of others , officials say .
the uk government has been ordered to pay more than # 1 m in taxes for uk firms , after a court ruled it was unfair .
thousands of people have taken part in the annual twelfth of july parade in the north of the republic of ireland .
torquay moved up to second in the national league table with a comfortable win over relegation - threatened torquay .
a bridge damaged by flooding is to reopen next year , it has been announced .   's council .
a seal had to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck in mud on a beach in aberdeenshire .
a number of cases of flu have been confirmed at a cardiff university hospital following the outbreak of flu .
it 's not easy to see if there 's a lot of complaints about the future of the european union .
a light aircraft has been destroyed in a fire at a military airfield in wiltshire , police have said .
it 's been a year since david bowie 's new musical , the theatre 's director and director of the theatre .
the argentine football association wants the national team to qualify for next month 's world cup qualifier against russia .
birmingham city have agreed a deal to sign birmingham city striker zola zidane until the end of the season .
the fbi says it is ` ` appalled '' that the san bernardino killer 's san bernardino gunman is suing san bernardino attackers .
the uk government has won a high court battle over the government 's use of air pollution , the high court has ruled .
a hoverboard service is to be built on the isle of wight as part of a plan to boost tourism .
nasa 's curiosity rover has released its first images of the curiosity rover 's mission to mars .
erik sviatchenko says he is ` ` proud '' of his team 's ryder cup squad for next month 's european championship .
a county londonderry man has been charged with manslaughter after a bar was closed .
a nature reserve in somerset has been closed for the second time in more than a year . ''
coventry 's park festival has been cancelled due to a lack of funding for the city 's festival .
a ` ` fatberg '' has been discovered in a sewer in berkshire , with the amount of fat it has been made in the area .
worcester warriors head coach jim wells has signed a new three - year deal with the premiership club .s
the death of a man in the republic of ireland has been described as a ` ` hero '' .
ronnie o'sullivan will face mark selby in the first round of the welsh open .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the uk government 's decision to leave the european union .
in the wake of the death of a black teenager in the us state of oklahoma , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has learned .
japanese carmaker toyota has said it expects to invest $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.4 bn -rrb- in its first quarter .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday , with the dow jones index closing higher .
a new village could be built in surrey as part of plans to build more than 100 new homes .
the police watchdog has said it is ` ` appalled '' that a report into the deaths of soldiers in northern ireland last year was published .
in the wake of the killing of former libyan leader col muammar gaddafi , the bbc 's mark zuckerberg looks at the moment .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
some of the world 's biggest retailers have expressed concern about the dangers of fires in singapore and singapore .
a muslim cleric has been jailed for five years for attacking a muslim muslim cleric in a muslim court .
a man has been photographed in the river thames in london for the first time in more than 50 years .
children in the uk are being asked to vote on whether they should be bullied or bullied .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' that israel and algeria are preparing to host the rio games .
mps have signed a petition calling for more than 1,000 mps to be given to mps .
the european commission says it is ` ` very concerned '' that the uefa anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- tested positive for a banned substance .
boys are more likely to be able to exercise boys , according to a new study from the university of london .
there 's a lot of people in the uk , but there 's no sign of what you 're going to do .
strictly come dancing chief nick ola says he is ` ` shocked '' by reports of bullying .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes in a forest have been given the go - ahead .
a man wanted in connection with the disappearance of a woman in ipswich has been described as a ` ` nightmare '' .
a silicon valley company has launched a legal challenge to a woman 's ` ` discrimination case '' against women .
thousands of rail passengers face fines of up to # 1.5 m in fines , according to the government .
a court in china has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a woman in a shopping mall .
two singaporean men have each been jailed for their part in a mass brawl during world war two .
sheffield wednesday midfielder oliver oliver has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club until the end of the season .
scotland 's housing market is ` ` not good enough '' , according to the royal society of scotland -lrb- occ -rrb- .
plans to close a former army base in gwynedd have been announced by the ministry of defence .
a highland council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its toilets are being put on hold because of a lack of toilets .
lib dem leader nick clegg has said he wants to ` ` stand up '' the conservatives in the general election .
hibernian head coach neil lennon believes his side 's scottish cup semi - final with hibernian is the best team in the competition .
labour 's jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand for the party 's leadership if he wins the general election .
in the netherlands , the bbc 's geeta pandey reports that a group of young people are being able to use their mobile phones .
the government 's plan to cut tuition fees in wales has been widely criticised by the welsh government .
hibernian moved up to third in the premiership with victory over ross county at hampden .
a passenger plane has crashed in the us city of detroit after a passenger jet crashed into the runway .
the bbc is set to broadcast live coverage of the olympic games in rio this weekend , which will be broadcast live on bbc sport .
` ` it was n't just a few years ago , '' said richard branson .
alex salmond was one of scotland 's best - known political figures in the world .
manchester city 's fa cup fifth - round tie against league one side sheffield wednesday has been called off .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 semi - finals suffered a shock defeat by belgium .
a boston marathon bomber has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the boston marathon bombings .
syria 's military says it is investigating reports that islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have killed civilians in the city of aleppo .
ukip has announced it is to re - election with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
norwich city manager alan pardew says his side 's 2 - 0 win over norwich was the ` ` best team in the world '' .
a woman who was hit by a lorry in south korea has become the first person to die .
a dog has been reunited with its owner after christmas decorations were found in a field in county durham .
a charity which aims to create more than 1,000 people in scotland has launched a campaign to raise money for a gang of gang - raped men .
star wars actor tom hanks is to return to the west end next year , it has been confirmed .
a us company is planning to sell a las vegas casino in the us to help fund its use .
the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- has said it will not be able to support the northern ireland assembly .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my life , '' says alan pardew , who was jailed for life in prison for life .
bristol city council has submitted a planning application to build a new stadium on the outskirts of the city .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will stand down as leader of the party 's general election .
great britain missed out on a place in the davis cup semi - finals as they reached the semi - finals .
glamorgan will host new zealand in the t20 blast quarter - finals after the final day of the champions trophy .
roger federer won his first australian open title by beating milos raonic 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 to win the australian open .
jeremy corbyn has been chosen as labour 's candidate in the contest to become the next labour leader .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a car crash .
wolverhampton city council is facing a ` ` catastrophic '' budget cuts , the council leader has said .
derry manager kenny dalglish says he is ` ` shocked '' by the football association 's failure to control his side 's injury .
a man has been jailed for six years for conspiring to pervert the course of justice .
a couple have been told to stay away from their home after being found to be ` ` safe '' .
you ' ve been using your mobile phone , and you 'll find out what you 're going to do .
a british pilot has told a bbc reporter she was ` ` dragged '' by a passenger on board a plane in the united states .
a man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at a shop in larne , county antrim .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of a new stonehenge dual carriageway .
sdlp leader colum eastwood is to stand down from the sdlp after the sdlp leader resigned .
a holyrood committee is to examine the gender pay gap between men and women in the uk .
widnes vikings moved to within a point of super league leaders widnes after beating widnes .
people in india 's capital , delhi , have been banned from taking part in a crackdown on fake notes .
police are hunting a man who carried out a ` ` terrifying '' attack on a house in fife .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has confirmed he will stand for the party 's assembly election .
a ceredigion wildlife centre has been fined # 1,000 for illegally keeping animals .
wales manager chris coleman has been named in wales ' squad for the euro 2016 qualifiers against israel and israel .
in the wake of the deadly attacks in the mediterranean , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has been taking place .
a plaid cymru mp has called for a review into allegations of abuse at the general election .
the number of people dying from alcohol in wales has risen by a third in the past year , a report has found .
sir elton john has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not return to the uk for the first time since returning from the paris attacks .
egypt 's aljaz bedene won his first us open title with a 6 - 4 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 6 -rrb- 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 5 -rrb- win over egypt 's yaya makary .
passengers on board a flight from birmingham to birmingham had to be evacuated because of a technical fault , investigators say .
nottingham forest boss philippe montanier has confirmed the club will be named as the new manager of the club .
the oldest player in the world 's football history has been sold at auction for # 1 m .
the leader of lesotho 's anti - government forces has told the bbc he will not return to the country .
aviation firm menzies has said it is ` ` confident '' that profits will be lower than expected .
universities in england and wales have been urged to leave the european union as a result of brexit .
sale sharks director of rugby steve diamond says the club are ` ` not interested '' in signing a new deal .
a tumble dryer caused a fire that killed two people in conwy county , an inquest has heard .
chinese police say they have found the owner of a chinese teenager who went missing in shanghai last week .
england 's jordan spieth is one shot off the lead after the second round of the qatar masters .
a man has been targeted in a robbery at a house in renfrewshire , police have said .
england 's danny hend carded a four - under - par 66 to win the pga tour championship at wentworth .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said liverpool boss jurgen klopp was ` ` not good enough '' to reach the fa cup quarter - finals .
campaigners have called for the scottish government to introduce ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
voters in the us have been celebrating the election of the country 's main political parties in the united states .
` ` greece is a country where the country 's economy , '' says nigel farage .
the australian government has approved a plan to buy a cannabis farm in the country 's largest city .
teaching assistants in county durham have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the government has been given the go - ahead .
it 's one of the world 's biggest cruise ships , but it 's been the biggest cruise ship in the world .
the bbc 's sound of classical music is set to open in oslo this weekend - but it 's not enough to find it .
facebook has rejected facebook 's call for a boycott of the site 's anti - semitic views .
the mother of liam fee , who was found dead at his home in fife , has spoken of how she was born .
japan 's nikkei index closed lower on friday as investors digested the us federal reserve 's losses .
banks should be given greater control of the bank of england 's banks , the treasury has said .
two men have been charged with laser offences after a laser was shone at police officers at edinburgh airport .
renault have pulled out of next year 's formula 1 grand prix , the sport 's governing body has announced .
it 's been a year for the first time in more than 20 years , but this year 's oscar - winning film is set to open in las vegas .
farmers in australia have reached a deal to save the country 's farmers from drought , the government says .
riot police have fired tear gas and water cannon at a petrol station in the south of the country .
police have appealed for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance in glasgow city centre on saturday night .
a spanish judge has ordered a judge to pay $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- to a gay group .
an afghan man has appeared in court accused of plotting to kill a us military base in afghanistan , officials say .
edin dzeko scored a hat - trick as serie a leaders juventus came from behind to beat inter milan .
the leader of the nhs in england and wales has accused the bbc of being ` ` illegal '' .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has launched a trial to help people with breast cancer .
donald trump 's latest edition of adolf hitler 's mein kampf has been added to the us national portrait award .
northern ireland 's rail operator has been suspended after a ` ` major incident '' at belfast 's victoria station .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej is to leave the country , the bbc has learned .
leicester city 's famous fairytales , the bbc 's geert wilders , is one of the world 's most famous landmarks .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the eurozone has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
police searching for a 15-year - old girl who went missing in devon have found a body .
it 's been a big day in the uk , and it 's all about the world .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in west belfast .
the government has been told it will no longer be able to use smart meters in the next five years .
the world 's largest nuclear power station has been taking place in the uk for the first time .
northern ireland 's women 's champions league campaign ended with a 2 - 1 win over northern ireland in belfast .
a new oil and gas company is to create 100 jobs at a north sea site in moray .
a number of people have died in a suspected flu outbreak in carmarthenshire , the bbc has learned .
northern ireland 's first gay pride march is due to be held in belfast this week , the first minister has said .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a six - year - old girl in liverpool .
there 's been a big big issue in the world , but there 's a lot of things about the world .
the canadian authorities have arrested two canadians who were arrested in connection with the illegal drug - driving scandal .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a nurse who sexually assaulted a vulnerable patient has been struck off after she was told she was ` ` inappropriate '' .
for the first time , a small group of fish found in the uk may be at risk of poisoning .
a sculpture has been unveiled to mark the 90th anniversary of the birth of one of the world 's most famous works .
there 's been a big rise in the number of uk children who buy their home for free school meals .
a us airliner who jumped into a plane at panama 's san francisco international airport has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
the flying scotsman 's new railway line has been sold for more than # 20,000 .
amazon founder jeff bezos says he has found a cargo ship that crashed into space in the us .
us comic - winning writer and writer adaobi minaj has died at the age of 89 .
there 's a lot of discussion about the future of the uk 's membership of the european union .
a paedophile has been jailed for 12 years for sending indecent images of his baby .
scientists say they have developed a gene therapy that can detect the brain 's immune system and treat cancer .
it 's been a big day for dogs , but it 's not easy to see it .
the national league club has confirmed it is to leave the club following the sacking of steve allen .
the owner of a zoo in the uk has told the bbc that he will not be able to return to the zoo .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist who was killed in a collision with a car .
the university of boston -lrb- os -rrb- has been working with a university in the uk .
fidel castro , the former monarch of cuba , has been named the winner of this year 's nobel prize .
lancashire secured their first premiership win of the season with a hard - fought victory over surrey at fratton park .
barcelona have confirmed the signing of striker luis suarez from barcelona on a three - year deal .   's
bp has been named as one of the uk 's largest oil and gas exploration projects in the north sea .
alan stubbs says hibernian 's poor start to the season is ` ` not good enough '' .
the conservatives have retained control of dorset county council after a day of campaigning in the house of commons .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
nottingham forest owner fawaz al has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's owners .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq have captured the ancient city of palmyra , a bbc investigation has found .
grimsby extended their unbeaten league run to seven games with a hard - fought win over grimsby town .
surrey 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by hampshire .
the us defence secretary has said the us is ` ` absolutely committed '' to north korea 's nuclear programme .
manchester city midfielder vincent kompany will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
a water company in bristol has been given the go - ahead by the city council for the use of water .
northern ireland boss michael o'neill says his side 's 2 - 1 world cup qualifier defeat by austria was a ` ` disaster '' .
the malaysian government says it will investigate allegations of corruption at the country 's biggest property fund -lrb- narc -rrb- .
a portrait of classical music has been created by a british artist , according to a cambridge cambridge university .
forensic experts are trying to identify the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared more than 40 years ago .
sir bradley wiggins became the first british team to win two gold medals at the 2016 rio olympics .
astronomers in the us have found the best picture of the planet 's solar system - but they ' ve found it .
at least 13 people have been killed in a stampede at a hindu shrine in southern india , police say .
un secretary general ban ki - moon has said he is ready to begin talks on a ceasefire in syria .
a funeral has taken place in barnsley for the funeral of a former barnsley footballer who died aged 84 .
scotland 's most deprived town is the best place in the uk , according to a new report .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a man who was stabbed in west belfast .
former lib dem leader tim farron has told the house of commons that he is ` ` confident '' the lib dems have a ` ` hard brexit '' .
the leader of the irish parliament , [ UNK ] [ UNK ] [ UNK ] -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- , has said he will seek to form a government .
the decline in the number of butterflies in the uk is at risk of extinction , a study suggests .
us defence secretary kim jong - un has said north korea 's missile programme is a ` ` disaster '' .
a man jailed for abusing so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria has been given a suspended sentence .
a petition calling for donald trump to be banned from entering the house of commons has been rejected by labour .
australian police say they have found a crocodile that had been caught up in a river in western australia .
suicides in england and wales are at risk of dying , according to a report by the prison watchdog .
scotland 's largest health board has seen a sharp rise in the number of patients waiting for appointments .
scotland women manager anna signeul says she is ready to play for the euro 2017 qualifier against iceland .
africa 's government has launched a major crackdown on cyber - attacks and internet services .
a maths teacher has been banned from teaching for two years after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
the family of two irish men convicted of the murder of a county londonderry man have said they are ` ` appalled '' by the court of appeal .
the world 's most famous ocean ship , the giant ocean , has been caught up on camera .
a memorial has been unveiled to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the battle of waterloo , which killed more than 100 years ago .
` ` i do n't get a job , '' says lucy murphy , who has n't been talking about the business .
former chancellor lord heseltine has said the uk should be ` ` the best part of our country '' .
wales coach warren gatland says saturday 's rugby world cup quarter - final against australia will be a ` ` huge mistake '' .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are to attend a memorial service to mark the birth of princess charlotte .
scunthorpe moved off the bottom of league one with victory over scunthorpe at scunthorpe .
the european union has banned british diplomats from entering the eu , saying they are ` ` not acceptable '' .
a bristol cathedral 's name is to be removed from the city 's cathedral after it was branded a ` ` beast '' .
swansea city boss paul clement says he is ` ` not happy '' about the premier league 's top scorer fernando llorente .
warwickshire have confirmed the signing of warwickshire all - rounder tom westley as their new head coach .
tributes have been paid to a mother - of - two who died in a crash in leicester .
the number of people injured in prisons in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
sweden 's prime minister shinzo abe has said he is ` ` very happy '' to return to the country .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said he is ` ` confident '' the welsh government will deliver free childcare in wales .
scientists have developed a new brain - damaged brain that could be used to treat brain damage . .
police in ferguson , missouri , have shot dead an unarmed black teenager who had been shot dead by police .
georgia has banned the use of landmines in the north - east of the soviet republic .
british number one heather watson is out of the australian open after losing 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 6 -rrb- 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 3 .
a cyclist has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
dame judi dench is to star in the bbc adaptation of the author 's first tv series .
bolivian president evo morales has accused the country 's government of failing to control a plane that crashed in colombia last week .
scotland 's food and drink industry has reported a record rise in exports , according to industry figures .
a county down rugby player has had his jaw amputated after being found guilty of playing rugby .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as oil prices hit oil prices .
a judge in south african state has ordered the trial of a woman accused of sexually abusing her .
a number of asylum seekers have been killed in a fire at a detention centre in new zealand , police say .
oscar - winning actress olivia colman is to star in a new film about the force awakens .
cardiff city 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were ended by a goalless draw at burton albion .
a man has died after being found with serious head injuries in a street in edinburgh , police have said .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a liverpool bar .
a man has admitted stabbing a woman to death in pembrokeshire .   's day after a night out .
police investigating the discovery of a dog 's body in a park in lancashire say they have found a body in the city .
it was one of scotland 's best - known businessmen , but it was not enough to give them the chance to go .
england captain alastair cook says his side 's batting is ` ` not good enough '' after their one - day series defeat by bangladesh .
a council 's chief executive has been suspended over allegations of fraud , the bbc has learned . .
a man has been jailed for four years for possessing guns and ammunition , including ammunition , ammunition and ammunition .
the co - operative group has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of syrian refugees arriving in scotland .
german chancellor george osborne has pledged to boost the uk 's membership of the european union , in a speech to germany .
britain 's chris froome won the giro d'italia to win the vuelta a espana .
star wars fans have been talking about the future of the star wars : the force awakens , and there 's a lot of things about it .
an investigation has been launched after a fire broke out at a disused railway station in caerphilly .
an asteroid has captured the earth 's highest asteroid on the moon , the us space agency says .
virgin media has apologised for the first time in more than a decade after it was found to be the first in the uk to be built .
great britain 's tom daley won gold in the men 's 400 m freestyle at the european swimming championships .
a new team of rugby could be used to exercise exercise in schools , according to a new study .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on friday , with the ftse 100 closing lower .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to murder his ex - girlfriend at a flat in south london .
a paedophile who sexually abused his ex - girlfriend has been jailed for 12 years .
two men have been found guilty of trying to smuggle a cash machine into a supermarket car park .
a polish man has appeared in court accused of carrying out a series of attacks on migrants in berlin .
wales manager chris coleman has announced he will retire from football at the end of the 2018 world cup .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says ed miliband 's decision to leave the european union .
rescuers in southern australia are searching for survivors of a stray snake that has killed at least 20 people .
star wars actor jordan o'shea is to return to the new star wars franchise , the force has confirmed .
two teenagers have taken part in a race to swim the dartford coast in dartford , kent .
the republic of ireland 's financial affairs committee -lrb- nama -rrb- has agreed to sell nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
the preferred route for the new queensferry crossing will not be delayed until next year , the environment secretary has said .
children are more likely to be able to use their mobile phones , according to a survey by the cbbc .
the soviet union , the soviet republic , is one of europe 's most densely - populated countries .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at why the lion was killed in zimbabwe .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has lost his appeal against a ruling that he will not be charged with fraud .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the uk to leave the european union .
scotland 's eilidh doyle missed out on a place in the 1500 m final at the world indoor championships .
telecoms giant o2 has agreed to buy mobile phone maker o2 , the world 's biggest mobile phone operator .
one of the uk 's best - known musicians has been discharged from hospital after suffering a head injury .
the uk 's financial conduct authority -lrb- pwc -rrb- has been fined # 3.6 m by the european commission for breaching data protection rules .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has warned that banks will be unable to leave the european union .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has urged his team not to ` ` play in the europa league '' .
macclesfield came from behind to beat macclesfield and move into the national league relegation zone .
the welsh government has announced plans for a new bus scheme in rhondda cynon taff .
in the wake of donald trump 's presidential election victory , there 's a lot of frustration .
national league side eastleigh have signed eastleigh defender ben cole on loan until the end of the season .
the un has said it is ` ` appalled '' by a un report into allegations of child sex abuse in the central african republic .
wayne rooney is expected to return to manchester united for a second time this summer , bbc sport understands .
hundreds of teaching assistants in county durham have voted in favour of strike action in a bid to save money .
a woman who was convicted of sexually assaulting a female inmate has had her appeal against her sentence .
two men have been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of fraud and money laundering offences , police have said .
italy 's highest court has upheld the death sentence of former student meredith kercher , who was found guilty of rape .
a us military officer has been awarded the highest military honour for more than 20 years , after a military battle with iraq .
guernsey 's government has launched a consultation on plans to build 1,000 homes in guernsey .
the number of people living in care homes in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , figures show .
the co - operative energy company has apologised to customers who have been affected by a fault with their energy bills .
archaeologists have discovered the remains of a 19th century lighthouse on the site of the river thames in devon .
people with mental health problems should be allowed to leave their homes , a think tank has warned , as a warning .
spanish giants real madrid and barcelona have been banned from playing for three years by the spanish football association .
a six - year - old boy who was found dead at his home in bradford was ` ` unlawfully '' , an inquest has heard .
a photojournalism course has been set up in the grounds of a cathedral in the highlands .
the conservative party has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the party will not stand in the general election .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a man in belfast city centre .
poland 's ambassador to poland has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by his country 's response to poland 's nazi war .
it 's not easy to find out why a group of teenage girls are born in the uk .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has signed a deal with the indian prime minister najib razak to form a government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in sheffield .
a sierra leone football team has been arrested on suspicion of drug possession and possession of heroin , the bbc has learned .
the government is to pay more than double the number of britons who have been eligible for visa - free visas .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to a beach attack on an italian beach .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he will not attend a church of england event to mark the easter rising .
partick thistle have completed the signing of midfielder alan archibald from inverness caledonian thistle for an undisclosed fee .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the tour de france with victory in a sprint finish .
a tv advert featuring a live tv advert has been posted online after a video posted online .
stevenage moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with victory over 10-man stevenage .
joe o'connell has been named ulster 's new head coach for the 2017 world cup .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested in connection with a bomb attack at manchester airport .
gillingham chairman steve gill says he has no idea that the club 's football league should be given a new lease .
the number of children being bullied online has risen by more than a third in the past year , a charity has said .
league one side cambridge united have signed striker robbie keane on a two - year deal after his release by luton town .
scunthorpe united manager graham westley says his side 's 2 - 0 league one defeat by rochdale is ` ` not good enough '' .
walkers and climbers are being urged to help save the lives of mountain rescuers in gwynedd .
kenya 's national security council has reopened its doors for the first time in more than 100 years .
bob carter and his wife , bob carter , are among the stars who have been found by the fbi .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` confident '' that the uk will not be able to leave the eu .
hearts have completed the signing of right - back zahako on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
british astronaut tim peake has made his first appearance at the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
great britain 's men 's wheelchair basketball team lost to japan in the final of the rio olympics .
a british man has been jailed for 10 years for drug trafficking and drugs offences in the united arab emirates .
` ` we ' ve been using your mobile phone , '' says ed miliband , the prime minister of the uk .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a man at a house in east london .
the world 's biggest fish species are likely to have a negative impact on climate change , a study suggests .
the eu 's decision to leave the european union is likely to end a long - term dispute with the industry .
more than half of the uk 's energy suppliers -lrb- de -rrb- , according to data obtained by the bbc .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in flintshire .
yahoo 's chief executive has apologised for saying she ` ` does n't know '' she 's ` ` fat '' .
liverpool have appointed liverpool boss brendan rodgers as their new head coach on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
queen of the south came from behind to beat raith rovers and move into the league one play - off places .
this year 's bafta film awards will be held on sunday , and it 's been announced on sunday .
the government has lost a high court battle over the minimum wage of zero - hours workers ' fees .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested in connection with the arrest of a 15-year - old boy in coleraine .
bobsleigher , a former russian olympic champion , had a broken leg in the sport - but he was n't doing it .
a labour mp has claimed she was ` ` shocked '' by a tribunal she lied about phone hacking .
a new scotch whisky distillery is to be built in dumfries and galloway , it has been announced .
donald trump 's nomination for the us presidential nomination is a key reason for the republican nomination , and the race for the presidency .
singer - songwriter ed sheeran has said she is ` ` devastated '' after being diagnosed with breast cancer .
it 's almost a year since the republic of ireland 's largest city , but it 's not easy .
an msp has called for a review of mesh implants after a review into the practice was published .
british rower katherine grainger has returned to the uk for the first time in her life after undergoing heart surgery .
wales women suffered their first defeat of the european under-20 championship as they beat kazakhstan 2 - 0 in cardiff .
` ` if you 're going to space , '' says tim peake , who 's been in space .
pakistan 's military says it has shot down a drone in the north - west of the country .
teachers in england are being urged to take a ` ` big step '' in a bid to save money .
scotland manager mark mcghee says his side can not afford to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
england manager roy hodgson says he is ` ` not surprised '' by raheem sterling 's england squad .
universities in cumbria are to be forced to pay for student accommodation in a bid to save money from students .
the organisers of the oscars have apologised after some of the stars complained about the oscars .
two men have appeared in court in germany accused of plotting attacks on refugees and refugees in the country .
london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- has unveiled plans to close two london underground stations .
the chief executive of hotel chain ni has said she is ` ` confident '' the future of hotels in northern ireland could be ` ` disastrous '' .
voters in the north east of england have a different name , according to a survey of local voters .
the prime minister has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the grenfell tower fire inquiry .
jeremy corbyn has called for a ` ` new era '' in the labour leadership contest to be backed by jeremy corbyn .
the head of the un 's children 's charity unicef has written to nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari to urge the un to ` ` keep alive '' .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with the rape of a taxi driver .
climate change is likely to increase the amount of greenhouse gases hit by climate change , according to scientists .
the number of tram lines in nottingham has risen by more than a third in five years , the city council has said .
george osborne has accused the conservatives of trying to ` ` save the economy '' if it wins the general election .
a woman accused of sexually abusing two girls in rotherham has told a court she was sexually abused .
worcestershire 's batsmen dominated day two of their county championship match against worcestershire at edgbaston .
in the middle of a town in north - west iran , the world 's largest town has been demolished .
president barack obama is to step down as director of the fbi , the fbi has announced , following his resignation .
a judge in the republic of ireland has ruled that a former member of the irish parliament should be allowed to stand trial .
great britain 's eilidh doyle missed out on a place in the women 's 400 m at the rio olympics .
jeremy corbyn has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the prime minister 's questions over tax avoidance .
st patrick 's o'dowda 's hopes of a place in the ulster under-21 football semi - finals were dashed as they beat st mary 's .
one of scotland 's most remote areas has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the fire service .
a county antrim man who admitted possessing indecent images of children has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a judge in the republic of ireland has asked the irish parliament to take legal action against a former ira member .
local authorities in wales are failing to pay council tax , according to a survey by the welsh government .
scientists have warned that the uk 's ability to survive in the cold weather is ` ` not good enough '' .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead in county down last year .
kilmarnock will face holders newtonmore in the first round of the scottish cup after a 3 - 0 win over newtonmore .
police searching for a missing airman say they are ` ` desperate '' to trace two teenagers who went missing .
the afghan military says it has recaptured a convoy of more than 200 prisoners who were held by taliban fighters .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for sending indecent images of women on a train .
dup leader ian bell has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme should not be investigated .
arbroath moved up to third place in the scottish league cup with a comfortable win over montrose .
a man accused of raping and raping a student has been cleared of perverting the course of justice .
great britain 's jessica ennis - hill missed out on a place in the 400 m hurdles at the world championships .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not be able to return to the us if he wins the presidential election .
the number of babies born in the uk has fallen by more than half a million , according to a study .
actor jodie whittaker has died at the age of 82 , his lawyer has said .
an inquest into the deaths of four people at the hillsborough inquests has heard that the ` ` disaster '' led to the disaster .
the shoreham air show has apologised for the victims of the shoreham airshow crash .
the royal navy 's new royal navy base is to be replaced by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
liverpool 's mayor has called for more action to be taken over by the city 's council .
reading have signed poland international right - back le lechchch on a season - long loan .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in edinburgh city centre .
one of the world 's most decorated soldiers has been donated to the czech army for the first time .
plans for a new railway station in reading have been given the go - ahead by the council .
rory mcilroy 's record - breaking first round of the us pga championship was just one of the biggest names in golf .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in dorset .   's
the uk 's largest teaching union has launched its manifesto for the first time in 20 years , in a bid to boost education .
the owners of a former mill in huddersfield have said they are ` ` devastated '' after the collapse of a derelict building .
st helens half - back ben flower has been given a two - match ban by the rugby football league .
red bull say they are ` ` not interested '' in buying the engine for the next two years .
arsenal boss arsene wenger has been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control his red card during saturday 's 2 - 1 draw at burnley .
dunfermline stretched their lead at the top of the championship to five points with a hard - fought victory over dunfermline .
a nobel prize - winning scientist has won the us 's nobel prize for food and food .
a hotel owner has been fined # 2,000 after a worker fell asleep at his hotel .
the estranged wife of ex - girlfriend star james wallace has lost a high court battle against his estranged wife .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man in moray , police have said .
singer - songwriter jess cahill says she is ` ` excited '' about her new album .
nigerian author and writer adaobi minaj has been named the winner of this year 's bbc children 's book award .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
sarah oliver has been named the great british bake off winner of this year 's royal television awards .
a council has been told it will pay # 1.5 m for a new mosque in hampshire .
rafael nadal has resigned as coach of the spanish grand prix after comments he made about doping in the sport .
a paedophile police force is calling for an inquiry into child sex abuse in kent and kent .
a court in chile has sentenced the former president of the country to 10 years in jail for corruption .
england 's women 's one - day series against sri lanka at edgbaston on sunday , i ' m looking forward .
at least 20 people have been killed after a bridge collapsed in the indian capital , delhi , police say .
preston moved up to second in the championship with victory over preston at oakwell , who remain without a win .
england 's top gcse results are ` ` not good enough '' , a watchdog has warned .
the families of two men killed in the kingsmills massacre have said they are ` ` disappointed '' the decision not to prosecute them .
victoria cross - country has announced she will retire from cycling at the end of the season .
nigeria 's sharapou buhari has become the first woman to win the women 's 4x100 m relay at the rio olympics .
former plaid cymru leader andrew rt davies has been appointed as the new leader of the welsh government .
the trial of a dublin man accused of trying to kill an irishman has been adjourned .
fifa president sepp blatter has confirmed he will stand for the next president of the united states .
ghana 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals suffered a shock defeat by ghana .
the football association of england -lrb- fa -rrb- has called for a change in the way the football league is governed .
plans for a # 3 m redevelopment of a ceredigion town have been given the go - ahead .
qatar 's government is failing to reform the rights of migrant workers , says a report by amnesty international .
two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of becky watts in bristol last year . ''
a ceredigion town council has been told it will not go ahead despite a council 's decision to close it .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the uk 's economic recovery is ` ` not good enough '' .
the story of one of scotland 's best - known cartoonists has been described as a ` ` fairytale '' .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the government 's decision not to prosecute dogs .
shares in the uk 's biggest clothing retailer have been announced as part of a drive to boost the business .
lord heseltine is one of britain 's most decorated soldiers , who survived the battle of dunkirk .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of africa 's most famous artists .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain and thunderstorms .
diego costa scored twice as atletico madrid came from behind to beat 10-man real madrid at the bernabeu .
the republic of ireland 's parliament has sold at auction for $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- .
charlton stretched their unbeaten league run to five games as they beat charlton at molineux to move off the bottom of the table .
the national gallery of england has sold for # 1.5 m -lrb- # 3.5 m -rrb- to the public for charity .
pop star elton john has apologised after a video appeared to show the show 's fans at a chinese show .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a bus stop in north wales .
the fatal accident inquiry -lrb- fai -rrb- into the glasgow bin lorry crash has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a report into the deaths of three people .
england 's danny willett has been named as the new british open golf 's new leader .
a holyrood committee has backed calls for same - sex marriage to be backed by msps .
iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi has signed a new government plan to tackle corruption in the country .
great britain secured their place in the women 's hockey world league semi - finals with a 2 - 0 win over japan in rio .
german chancellor angela merkel has been sworn in as france 's new prime minister after the country 's general election .
middlesex opener nick compton made his first championship century of the season to help his side beat yorkshire by five wickets at lord 's .
ac milan have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to stop racist chanting during their champions league match .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at how to save the country 's money .
a police officer has been killed in a car crash in the us state of dallas , killing two teenagers .
favourite frankie dettori secured his first win of the year for trainer aidan o'brien as the winner secured victory in the grand national at aintree .
actress angelina jolie has been honoured with a special ceremony at the centre of the bosnia film festival .
the bbc 's director general has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the number of people in the uk to join the bbc .
the wickerman festival has been announced as the line - up for this year 's wickerman festival .
the number of workers working in the uk has fallen by more than a third in a year , a survey suggests .
two men have been charged with rape and sexual offences against two girls in rotherham , police have said .
the leader of the ukip wales assembly has said the party needs to ` ` change the way '' its candidates are elected .
us president - elect donald trump has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the media .
the father of a man killed by a speeding motorist has called for tougher sentences to be made public .
rafael nadal reached the french open quarter - finals with a straight - set win over rafael nadal .
the mother of a woman who died in the manchester arena bomb attack said she was ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
celtic reached the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time with a comfortable win over rangers .
the british boxing association -lrb- ibf -rrb- has a long - term deal with anthony joshua and anthony joshua .
at least 13 people have been killed in an earthquake in the south - west of nepal , officials say .
kumar sangakkara 's maiden first - class century helped surrey fight back against surrey at the oval .
leicester city striker karim benzema has joined french side lille on loan until the end of the season .
the head of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been sacked by the sport 's governing body .
argentina 's education minister has proposed a ban on teachers who have been accused of carrying out attacks against them .
cornwall head coach graham dawe says the rugby football union 's ` ` big game '' is the ` ` best way in the game '' .
bristol rovers belles have signed bristol city women 's super league one club ahead of next season .
tributes have been paid to mp jo cox , who was killed in a knife attack in france .
ross county came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move up to second in the scottish premiership .
two brothers have been jailed for sexually abusing two teenage boys in a ` ` revenge porn '' .
at least 15 people have died after a train derailed in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh , officials say .
the republic of ireland is expected to be hit by storm desmond this weekend as storm imogen continues .
greece 's central bank has said it is ` ` confident '' that the country will raise its debt .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss steve bruce as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
a cardiff man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two girls in the 1970s and 80s .
the green party has said it is ` ` confident '' that the uk government will spend more than # 1.5 bn in budget cuts .
the number of people infected with hepatitis c has more than doubled in the last five years , according to a new study .
plans to turn a derelict building into a former church in durham have been branded ` ` unstoppable '' .
electric car maker tesla has reported a rise in sales for the first time in more than three years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was sexually assaulted in cardiff city centre .
residents in a hampshire village have been told they will not be able to return to their homes because of a fault .
a man has appeared in court charged with firearms offences following a shooting in dungiven , county tyrone .
the death of pop star prince is being investigated by police in minnesota after a man was found dead in a plane .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the threat of islamist militants .
a man has died after he was shot in the head by police in hull , the met police has said .
huawei has agreed to pay $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6.5 m -rrb- to a chinese court to settle a lawsuit against samsung .
it 's not easy to see if he 's got stuck in the french port city of calais .
a 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in a fight in north - west london .
manchester united came from behind to beat manchester united and move up to second in the premier league table .
aberdeen have completed the signing of goalkeeper craig strachan from preston north end for an undisclosed fee .
one of the uk 's largest manufacturing companies has announced plans to close its plant in south wales .
women 's super league one side chelsea ladies have announced the departure of midfielder sarah storey .   's
the republic of ireland 's main political parties have been reacting to the news that the party 's new leader will not be able to take part .
a hospital has become the first in the uk to remove pokemon go from its game because of the game .
doctor who star alan turing is to appear in a new series of doctor who 's life in space .
a two - year - old boy has been rescued from the river thames after falling into a river in surrey .
a man has been jailed for two years for attempting to murder a mother in a ` ` cowardly attack '' .
there 's a lot of talk about the future of schools in the north - west of england .
cristiano ronaldo produced a stunning comeback to beat zambia 's julius indongo in the first round of the copa del rey final .
a man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burning car .
a pastor in the democratic republic of congo has been sentenced to life in prison for the first time .
turkey says it has shot down a russian warplane near the turkish border , killing all 224 people .
john mcguinness says he 's ` ` very excited '' about the future of the us aircraft carrier .
sheffield united were held to a goalless draw by sheffield united in the efl cup second round .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the terror attacks in belgium .
mcdonald 's could be forced to close a mcdonald 's restaurant in harrogate , a council has said .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has formally adopted the world 's largest bank .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future as england manager .
the mother of a seven - year - old girl who died from a mental health charity says she was ` ` let down '' by her parents .
league one side stoke city have signed ivory coast international winger victor choo on a season - long loan .
fifa 's governing body has fined the football association for failing to control the behaviour of black football .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2017 quarter - finals suffered a blow as they lost 2 - 0 to portugal .
holders atletico madrid reached the champions league quarter - finals for the first time after beating ukraine 2 - 0 .
a judge has ruled that a christian - run bakery in belfast can not be allowed to pay a cake to a muslim woman .
a woman who threatened a woman with a machete during a burglary in manchester has been arrested .
actress carrie fisher , who was seriously injured in a plane crash in los angeles , has died in hospital .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has said he wants to cut the number of public sector workers in england and wales .
the family of a woman who died in thailand have paid tribute to a new film about her wedding .
police in the republic of ireland have launched an investigation after a bomb was found at a house in dublin .
inmates at a worcestershire prison have been told they are ` ` too dangerous '' and ` ` requires improvement '' .
hundreds of people have attended a memorial in sydney to remember the victims of last week 's terror attack .
a number of bird flu have been found at a farm in lincolnshire , the environment agency has confirmed .
sri lanka 's prime minister narendra modi has said his country 's plans to tackle climate change .
google has released a new android version of its android operating system , which will allow users to use smart phones .
the father of a footballer who died after being hit by a drink - driver in the us has said he will not be prosecuted .
two men have been given suspended jail sentences after they were found dumped in a field in county antrim .
a new study has suggested that the scottish government 's welfare reform is ` ` not acceptable '' .
raheem sterling has been named in nigeria 's under-20 squad for the africa cup of nations .
the mayor of lincolnshire has called for a ban on fireworks and fireworks to be banned from display fireworks .
glasgow warriors will host the european champions cup for the first time in 20 years , it has been announced .
dundee - based hedge fund -lrb- nps -rrb- has announced plans to cut # 2.5 m by # 1.5 m in cash .
paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam was behind the paris attacks , belgium 's police watchdog says .
a court in the philippine capital manila has opened a criminal trial in the killing of two tourists in the capital , manila .
a search is under way for the wreckage of a helicopter that crashed into the sea off the county mayo coast .
a us university student accused of sexually assaulting two students has appeared in court in michigan , michigan .
a birmingham hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
hundreds of people have attended a rally in stoke - on - trent to protest against the closure of the nhs .
a pembrokeshire town centre is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned china that the country 's currency needs to expand .
hartlepool united have re - signed defender josh nelson on loan until the end of the season .
bristol director of rugby mark robinson has left the premiership club by mutual consent after relegation from the premiership .
a car has been found on the side of a road in norfolk after it was stopped by police .
a man accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his car has told a court he was ` ` scared '' of him .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former chelsea and manchester united midfielder riyad mahrez has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has called for a referendum on brexit .
republic of ireland manager michael o'neill said his side were ` ` shocked '' by their 1 - 0 friendly defeat by luxembourg in dublin .
wycombe wanderers have signed midfielder george weston on a two - year deal following his release by wycombe wanderers .
rail passengers had to be evacuated after a train derailed at a level crossing in south - east london .
a study of alzheimer 's -lrb- gm -rrb- in the uk has found that there is a significant increase in dementia .
diageo , the world 's biggest export supplier , has reported a sharp fall in sales and profits .
two teenagers have been jailed for their part in a ` ` cowardly attack '' which left a man scarred for life .
us president barack obama has dismissed us president donald trump 's claim that the us election was a mistake .
ciara mageean missed out on a place in the women 's 4x400 m final at the northern ireland indoor championships .
one of the uk 's most endangered fish has been discovered in norfolk , according to a new survey .
the brazilian grand prix is the world 's most famous formula 1 driver , and it 's not easy .
a police watchdog is to investigate the circumstances surrounding the fatal shooting of a man in a house in bedfordshire .
the wife of a former england footballer has spoken of the moment his wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer .
us president donald trump has urged the us to ` ` get more money '' in spending on nato .
the welsh assembly should be given the go - ahead to wales , the welsh government has said .
german chancellor angela merkel has been sworn in as a candidate for germany 's prime minister in the general election .
a hotel in aberdeen has been sold to the owners of ed miliband 's aberdeen hotel .
plans to build a tram line in derbyshire have been revealed by the city council -lrb- hse -rrb- .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has accused jeremy corbyn of being ` ` ashamed '' by the party 's mps .
japan 's economy minister has resigned amid a row over a high - profile performance in the country .
alastair cook 's decision to play sri lanka in the final one - day international at twickenham was a good thing .
police in the netherlands say they have found a ` ` horrendous '' batch of ecstasy tablets .
a 24-hour strike by arriva trains wales drivers has been suspended by the rmt union .
christian benteke scored a hat - trick as middlesbrough came from behind to beat championship strugglers brentford .
coleraine rowers joel cassells and peter chambers both won gold medals at the european rowing championships in london .
a mother - of - two was found dead in a flat where her body was found , a court has heard .
ex - england footballer barry bennell has said he is ` ` saddened '' by the sexual abuse of young footballers .
pope francis has said he will not attend the vatican 's new ambassador to the dominican republic , despite a request by the vatican .
nhs bosses in england say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government 's handling of the nhs 's finances .
wales manager chris coleman says his side 's preparations for next summer 's euro 2016 finals will be a ` ` huge blow '' .
guy martin will return to the isle of man tt next month because of a back injury . ''
burnley have completed the signing of burnley 's england under-21 midfielder nathan gill on a two - year deal .
manchester city women have been shortlisted for the bbc women 's footballer of the year award for a second time .
the queen has celebrated her 90th birthday with a photo of the queen at a ceremony in london .
there 's a big rise in retail sales in the uk , but there 's no plans to sell off the shops .
a lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a man by dangerous driving .
a brain tumour that can detect alzheimer 's disease has been identified by scientists in the uk .
the husband of a woman murdered in south africa has launched an appeal against her conviction for her murder .
a gp who punched a patient with a head injury has been given a suspended jail sentence for three months .
a health trust has agreed to pay # 3.5 m in damages to a six - year - old girl who suffered a brain injury in her care .
lewis hamilton won the singapore grand prix for the second time in a row with mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton .
residents in wales are being warned they could be forced to use toilet toilets as part of a plan to save money .
a police officer who shot and killed a woman at her home in peterborough has been given a bravery award .
a man has been charged with gross misconduct after he was arrested by police investigating a disturbance at a hospital .
the northern ireland fire and rescue service -lrb- rhi -rrb- is to be given the go - ahead by the bbc .
campaigners are calling for a ban on maternity services in oxford to be banned from working in the nhs .
italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi has said he will not stand for president - elect donald trump .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the northern ireland executive 's future .
hundreds of people have attended a vigil in londonderry to mark the centenary of the troubles .
scientists say they have discovered the dna of migrants living in europe 's remote region of eastern europe .
police are investigating after a suspicious package was found on a ceredigion beach was blown out .
thousands of people have attended a social media rally in belfast city centre to mark the 50th anniversary of a social worker 's death .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers the future of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- cia -rrb- .
masters champion danny willett won the masters for the first time with a five - shot victory over yorkshire at wembley .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the m4 relief road .
west indies reached the semi - finals of the world twenty20 with a five - wicket win over sri lanka .
a mental health ward in west lothian has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by a health watchdog .
ospreys moved to the top of the pro12 table after beating newport gwent dragons at rodney parade .
three men have been sentenced to life in prison for their role in the killing of two police officers in the indian capital , delhi .
former world heavyweight champion tyson , who has died at the age of 74 , has died aged 84 .
a dog had to be rescued by lifeboat crews after getting into difficulty in the sea off the devon coast .
holders celtic will face celtic in the scottish cup quarter - finals after beating dumbarton 2 - 0 .
london 's sadiq khan is to become the first member of the uk to join the islamic state group .
iaaf president lord coe has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the sport 's governing body .
a book dealer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting a bookkeeper in a row over a bottle .
syrian government forces have launched a new offensive to retake rebel - held areas of the city of aleppo .
two authors are to be shortlisted for this year 's costa book of the year award , which will be announced next year .
israel 's prime minister has apologised after a video emerged showing him punching a police officer in jerusalem .
a denbighshire boy who was attacked by a dog has been awarded # 1,000 in damages .
a nuclear power company has been ordered to reduce the amount of money it uses to make nuclear waste .
hundreds of residents in ceredigion have been told to close because of a shortage of care homes .
pope francis has ordered a ban on abortions in england and wales to allow them to be convicted .
a teachers ' union has been awarded # 3,000 in compensation for failing to properly investigate their behaviour .
a group of students from across northern ireland have been honoured with the bbc proms in county down .
more than 1,000 dogs have been banned from their pets in a bid to reduce the number of dog fouling .
there was a lot of questions about undercover police and crime commissioners -lrb- ipcc -rrb- in england and wales .
boeing has announced plans for a new flight from hoverboard to brighton to hoverboard .
dundee 's new # 1.5 bn building has been unveiled by the city 's mayor .
scotland 's largest bank , the bank of scotland , has announced it is to close its branches .
morocco were knocked out of the africa cup of nations with a 2 - 0 win over morocco in the first leg of their african champions league semi - final .
germany coach joachim low has resigned as coach of the world cup in brazil after a run of five defeats .
` ` i ' m a man who ' ve died , '' says prof stephen hawking .
harlequins moved up to second in the premiership table with a hard - fought victory over sale .
the welsh government has been given the go - ahead to bid for a third rail franchise in wales .
it 's not just a few weeks since jeremy corbyn 's resignation as labour leader .
a former met police officer has been cleared of indecently assaulting a man on his phone .
the mayor of london boris johnson has announced plans for a new bridge over the river thames in london .
the world 's largest forest , wido , has said it expects to grow faster than expected in the next three years .
work has started on a new university campus at a former mill in scarborough , which will be built .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham say they have found a body in a landfill site .
more than half of scotland 's students are leaving the european union , according to a new report .
former wales scrum - half mike phillips has retired from rugby at the end of the season .
a german student who gave birth to adolf hitler is suing germany for the first time in her history .
millions of people have been affected by a cyber - attack on disney 's website , according to security experts .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year - old girl in birmingham .
firefighters in wales are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pensions , the bbc has learned .
petrochemical plant in denbighshire has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the quarter - finals of the french open with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over croatia 's marin cilic .
the uk 's biggest aerospace firm , airbus , has warned that the uk will not be ` ` inexplace '' if it leaves the european union .
welsh labour needs to win a majority in the general election , plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said .
the nhs in england has been criticised by the health watchdog for failing to cope with safety concerns .
harry hijackson is one of the best - known acts in the world of the year so far .
maria sharapova won her first grand slam title with a straight - set win over maria sharapova at the australian open .
dumbarton have confirmed the signing of former hibernian and celtic defender chris thomas on loan until the end of the season .
lego has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the uk 's decision to allow customers to leave the european union .
gillingham have sacked manager john sheridan after less than a week in charge of the league two club .
syrian government forces have recaptured the city of aleppo , which has been destroyed by a massive car bomb .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has announced he will step down as president of the country 's communist party .
the wife of a british man killed in the tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to his ` ` hero '' .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been named the queen 's 90th birthday honours list for the queen .
tributes have been paid to the northern ireland football federation -lrb- ebola -rrb- who has died at the age of 89 .
andy murray reached the semi - finals of the australian open with a straight - set win over belgium 's david poultl .
wigan athletic have re - signed hull city midfielder tom powell on a season - long loan .s
the channel islands should be paid more than # 1bn to fund online gambling , according to a report .
a judge in argentina has ordered the son of former barcelona footballer lionel messi to stand trial for tax evasion .
ethiopia secured a place in the women 's africa cup of nations quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 win over ethiopia .
it 's been a big day for australia , but it 's not easy to get married .
britain 's mark cavendish won the women 's road race at the track cycling world championships in paris .
ed miliband 's ` ` dream '' of the labour party was n't going on to the stage .
police in australia have launched a campaign to tackle child sexual exploitation -lrb- cse -rrb- .
shares in asia were mixed on friday as investors digested the us federal reserve 's interest rate rise .
shoppers in greater manchester are to be offered a ` ` selfie '' on their clothing .
newcastle united boss steve mcclaren says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the club 's sacking of manager steve mcclaren .
dog owners have been warned to be aware of the dangers of ` ` poisoning and poisoning '' from a cricket bat .
an 18-year - old man has died in a crash on the m4 in flintshire .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but the pound was n't changed .
the united nations has urged qatar to do more to protect the country 's oil and gas industry .
a us appeals court has upheld a us judge 's appeal against a video - streaming video .
scientists say they have found the world 's first ` ` super - sized '' 3d printer .
virtual reality -lrb- ebts -rrb- is n't a lot of technology .
archaeologists have recreated the wreck of the ship that sank off the coast of england for the first time .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving after she fell asleep in a garden .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of schoolgirl paige doherty in west dunbartonshire .
oscar - winning actor tom hanks has died at the age of 82 , his family has said .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat in swindon .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury has said he wants to ` ` change the sport '' if he wins the 2016 olympics .
a man has been charged with the murder of a us mine worker in el salvador , us officials say .
it 's been a busy day for birmingham city in the premier league this season , but it 's not easy to reach the top four .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the uk leaving the eu .
thousands of homes in greater manchester have been left without power after a power cut caused by storm desmond .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his girlfriend oscar pistorius .
german prosecutors have raided the headquarters of the german carmaker daimler as part of an investigation into the diesel emissions scandal .
two men have been arrested in dublin on suspicion of smuggling drugs into northern ireland , police have said .
a health company has been accused of failing to provide fertility services in hartlepool and hartlepool .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' about the closure of two sites .
the european commission has agreed to help farmers affected by the uk 's eu exit from the eu .
scrum - half matt crooks says cornish pirates ' win over cornish pirates was ` ` embarrassing '' .
west brom have been fined # 20,000 by the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- for failing to control their players during the africa cup of nations .
chelsea ladies ' hopes of a women 's super league one title suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by birmingham city .
at least 14 people have been killed and several injured in a bus crash in the kenyan capital , mogadishu .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes in a north yorkshire village have been rejected by councillors .
iran 's parliament has passed a new parliament in the capital , tehran , to elect a new government .
wales scrum - half luke charteris has been ruled out of the six nations with an ankle injury .
st mirren manager steve cotter says his side 's relegation from league one is a ` ` huge '' .
denmark reached the semi - finals of the european women 's champions league with a 2 - 0 win over denmark .
the world 's largest city of new zealand has been hit by a powerful earthquake that killed more than 100 people .
the iraqi government says it has found a chemical weapons used by the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
great britain 's davis cup team will not be able to qualify for next month 's final in belgium , says coach andy murray .
a pharmacist has been jailed for four years for conspiring to supply drugs worth more than # 2 m .
britain 's lewis hamilton says he is ` ` proud '' to win the world grand prix , despite winning the world title .
norwegian police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an attack on a beach in oslo on sunday .
tributes have been paid to a teacher who died after a collision with a car in monmouthshire .
in the aftermath of the sinking of the titanic , the crew of the victims of the disaster have been paying tribute to those who died .
one of the uk 's best - known universities has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by what he describes as a ` ` gay man '' .
chris o'neill has been criticised by the channel 4 over comments he made on social media .
ospreys fly - half dan biggar says he wants to join ospreys in the summer .
malaysia 's prime minister has apologised for ` ` unreservedly '' comments on social media .
charlie hebdo , one of the men killed in the paris attacks , was a member of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
it 's been a year since the house of commons voted in favour of the government 's powers .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said israel 's holy site will not be relocated to the holy site .
japanese airline flybe has been fined # 2.5 m by the european court of human rights -lrb- mod -rrb- for failing to control planes .
david cameron 's decision to leave the european union this week will be the subject of an eu referendum .
safety concerns have been raised over the deaths of two men who drowned at a beach in west sussex .
rail services between cardiff and cardiff are to be scrapped by the end of the year , it has been announced .
west brom manager tony pulis said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's 1 - 1 draw with tottenham .
a prominent human rights group has been killed in the syrian city of haqqa , the bbc has learned .
a man who travelled to syria to join so - called islamic state has been jailed for four years .
mansfield town have signed striker rhys evans on a two - year deal following his release by rotherham united .
the uk 's biggest shake - up has been announced by the national institute of human rights -lrb- cbi -rrb- .
scientists have released the first images of the dna of a young woman in the uk , which is believed to be the first in the world .
a group of paramilitaries have taken part in a world record attempt to cross the atlantic .
indian film - maker kabali has said they are ` ` disappointed '' by fans who want to return to the film .
williams driver susie wolff will return to formula 1 for the first time this year , according to williams .
bristol rovers boss darrell clarke says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his side 's recent results .
ipswich town moved up to second in the championship with victory over preston north end at fratton park .
kim kardashian has been named the uk 's first female editor of the year list .
dame sarah storey won her second gold medal of the uci para - cycling track cycling world cup in switzerland .
donald trump 's decision to leave the european union was a ` ` disaster '' for the trump administration .
a rugby player has been left with life - threatening injuries after he suffered a head injury .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a bridge .
sean o'driscoll has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations game against australia on saturday .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered a ` ` hoard '' of stonehenge during world war two .
india 's supreme court has ruled that a hindu temple in the western state of maharashtra is unconstitutional .
former professional professional basketball player steve bruce has been appointed head coach of the us professional professional professional team .
talks aimed at ending a long - running dispute over the north sea have ended without agreement , the rmt union has said .
a record - breaking film has broken the world record for a record - breaking year running .
wigan athletic boss roberto martinez is expected to miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
chelsea moved up to second in the premier league with a hard - fought victory at stamford bridge .
health bosses in wales have been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by the welsh government 's chief executive .
as england prepare for the first test against south africa in durban , south africa , they 're not a good idea .
more than 1,000 people have been killed in a series of attacks on dambusters in northern germany .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been removed from a yard in portsmouth after a ` ` suspicious package '' was found .
a six - month - old baby girl has been found in the boot of a car in county donegal .
india 's prime minister narendra modd has died at the age of 82 , his family has said .
sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara has announced he will retire from cricket at the end of the season .
hearts have been given the go - ahead for a new stadium on the outskirts of tynecastle .
a man has been jailed for two years after a laser was shone into the cockpit of a helicopter .
malaysian airline qantas has announced that its chief executive will leave the airline after more than two years .
a former argentine football coach has pleaded not guilty to charges of corruption and money laundering in the country .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why nigeria 's national team have won the 2017 africa cup of nations .
scots are being urged to change the way they use their own life , according to a new study .
it 's been a week since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
us president - elect donald trump has dismissed donald trump 's decision to ban the us currency .
the number of tiger cubs being shot in bangladesh has risen by more than half a million , according to a new study .
celtic midfielder kieran tierney has apologised to a young celtic fan who has been photographed in the country .
police have released cctv images of two teenage girls they want to speak to in connection with a kidnap plot .
sheffield united came from behind to beat league one strugglers shrewsbury and move into the league one play - off places .
india is one of the world 's best - known sporting stars , but it is not easy .
the parents of a seven - year - old boy from northern ireland are being asked to leave school in belfast .
a trampoline actress has said she was ` ` shocked '' by a trampled by a tram in nottingham .
when gordon strachan 's team lost their world cup qualifier against slovenia on sunday , it was n't enough to find it .
cristiano ronaldo has won the turner prize for the first time , winning the prestigious turner prize .
hundreds of people have attended a vigil in poland to mark the centenary of the polish civil war .
david cameron has warned that the uk will not be able to use chemical weapons if it fails to agree a deal with syria .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a hospital in northern syria , activists say .
the eu referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , which sees eu nationals living in the uk , is the most important issue in europe .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has called for an independent review into the handling of the glasgow bin lorry crash .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a car crash .
the final day of the one - day cup between glamorgan and glamorgan at twickenham on sunday saw the hosts take on glamorgan in cardiff .
the uk economy grew by 0.1 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
former leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says the club 's management structure is a ` ` disaster '' .
the welsh rugby union should be banned from the sport , according to the former head of sport wales .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of waterloo , which was killed .
the european central bank -lrb- nama -rrb- has said it will not be able to save money from the eurozone .
manchester united reached the europa league quarter - finals for the first time after a 2 - 0 win over celta vigo .
more than 1,000 motorists were caught using a mobile phone while driving on a motorway .
brexit negotiations are under way in wales after brexit , the welsh secretary has said .
it 's been a difficult week for ireland 's rugby world cup squad , but it 's not easy .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the stormont executive will receive # 1 m .
scotland 's apprenticeship system is ` ` not good enough '' , according to a new report .
the cast of the new star wars film the force awakens has apologised for saying it was ` ` unacceptable '' .
when nick clegg said he was ` ` proud '' to be the next conservative government .
a # 1bn fund to help people with poverty in wales has been criticised by the welsh government .
england 's women beat yorkshire by eight wickets in a rain - affected match at headingley .
a flintshire farm is to close with the loss of more than 200 jobs , its owners have said .
an investigation is under way after a man was killed when a train crashed into a level crossing in brussels .
christian nadal scored a hat - trick as romania beat romania 2 - 0 in the first leg of the european championship .
a group of men who died in the shoreham air disaster have said they are ` ` devastated '' after the shoreham airshow disaster .
sri lanka 's former president mahinda rajapaksa has gone on trial accused of corruption .
swansea city say they are ` ` confident '' a takeover of the liberty stadium will be completed .
wolf hall has been announced as the winner of this year 's british bake off 's turner prize .
australia captain steve smith says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his team 's decision to play in the ashes .
former scotland international alex pearson says he is ` ` excited '' to be selected for the professional footballers ' association .
a shopkeeper was ` ` kicked off '' by a gang of women in greater manchester , police have said .
us comedian gr gruelling has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be the first person in the us .
a police officer has been jailed for 12 months for sexually assaulting a woman in a car park .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the city of mosul are working with them , according to research by the bbc .
the right to elect fifa president gianni infantino 's bid to become the next president of the world 's governing body is being considered by the governing body .
a legal challenge is to be made to the scottish parliament over claims of electoral fraud in the general election .
an edinburgh university is to become the first in the uk to fly computers to china from the uk .
bayern munich came from behind to beat bayern munich and reach the semi - finals of the champions league .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the ira during the troubles .
a ban on so - called legal highs has come into force in england and wales , the government has announced .
port vale moved into the league one play - off places with a comfortable win at port vale . .
us secretary of state john kerry has arrived in somalia for the first time in more than two years .
india 's supreme court has upheld a decision to remove a film from a film about indian students .
wales captain sam warburton says he will be ` ` proud '' to face new zealand in the six nations .
the university of belfast -lrb- pps -rrb- is to hold a conference in belfast later this month .
the catholic church in ireland has apologised to the family of babies who were buried in their homes .
oscar - winning actor johnny depp has filed a lawsuit against him over his estate 's debts .
britain 's tom heath won his second gold of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's 10 m platform .
a cyclist accused of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' .
two men have been taken to hospital after being robbed at knifepoint during a robbery at a shopping centre .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has been re - elected as leader of the welsh conservatives .
it 's been a year since the start of vietnam 's new multi - million pound holiday .
the uk government has been awarded # 1.5 m by the welsh government to fund a fire and rescue service .
a huge fire has broken out at a beauty spot in the australian city of st george , australia .
plans to demolish a war memorial in northamptonshire have been given the go - ahead by councillors .
it 's a couple of years since the olympic games in rio , but there 's a lot of people who do n't know what they do .
the pilot of a plane that crashed in colombia last month has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after his plane crashed .
the death of a patient at a mental health unit is to be reviewed , the bbc has learned .
a woman accused of murdering her two - year - old daughter has told a jury she was ` ` scared '' to kill her .
a statue of one of northern ireland 's biggest companies has been unveiled in county antrim . ''
plans to reduce the number of people on oxford 's roads have been unveiled by the county council .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a disturbance at a police station in essex .
david cameron has called on the uk to leave the european union , saying it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to immigration .
a scottish scientist is hoping to become the first person in the uk to live in the middle east .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader , jean - claude corbyn , has told bbc northern ireland he will not be able to apply for the northern ireland assembly .
` ` there 's a lot of things , '' says paternar , the scottish rugby union -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
black friday sales of black shoppers in the uk increased by more than a third in the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the nama loan sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio is being investigated by the irish government .
pop star ed sheeran has sold for # 1,000 at auction in suffolk for charity .
police in india say they have found a 14-year - old girl who is believed to have been abducted in india .
four people have been rescued from a fire at a new york city 's tallest building , officials say .
the uk 's energy minister has told the bbc that the uk will not be affected by the paris climate agreement .
aberdeen have appointed former scotland under-21 boss edgingson as their new manager on a two - year deal .
middlesbrough moved up to second in the premier league table with victory over bournemouth at the kcom stadium .
widnes have re - signed widnes prop joe allen on a two - year deal .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has gone missing from a train in central london .
ivory coast is one of the world 's best - known people in africa , but it is not a business for young people .
a convicted rapist has had his jail term reduced after he was released from prison in north yorkshire .
britain 's got under way to win the bbc 's got talent show , with the opening night of the london marathon .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has voted in favour of the african football federation -lrb- chan -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at ways to tackle air pollution .
hull kr came from behind to beat hull kr and reach the challenge cup quarter - finals .
it 's one of the most important stories in the world , but it 's been a big day .
work is to start on a new exhibition at the victoria and albert museum in derbyshire to mark the 800th anniversary .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a balcony in west sussex .
gary barlow says he is ` ` excited '' about the future of the uk 's top theatre .
one of the uk 's best - known tourist attractions is to be put up for sale .
inverness caledonian thistle manager richie foran says there is no need to be a ` ` good job '' for the club .
lancashire head coach harry redknapp says his side 's hopes of reaching the county championship play - offs are ` ` not good enough '' .
leicester city 's premier league win over leicester city has been a huge boost for the premier league .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says the number of anti - doping tests in the world is ` ` not acceptable '' .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the australian open with a straight - set win over belgium 's david goffin .
a 16-year - old boy who was stabbed to death in manchester has been named by police .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the head of the un 's human rights agency -lrb- lu -rrb- has called for russia to suspend its operations .
thousands of tax - free payments have been put on hold in the wake of the new tax bill .
the oxford university of oxford is to introduce a ` ` horrendous '' statue of female students .
the gaelic football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- is considering changing the gaa 's all - ireland football tournament .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the welsh conservatives of ` ` disrespectful '' brexit negotiations .
michael o'brien , who was killed in a car crash in south london , was one of those who had been playing football .
china 's president - elect tsai ing - wen has hit back at the top of the us , saying taiwan 's relations with china is a ` ` disaster '' .
a 24-hour strike by bus drivers in dorset has been called off by the unite union .
the us military 's largest national security agency -lrb- ha -rrb- has shut down more than 1,000 workers .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he is ` ` very happy '' about his future at wembley .
a derelict victorian pier is to be sold at auction for # 1.5 m , it has been announced .
toshiba has said it will cut its stake in the japanese conglomerate toshiba , the company has said .
arsenal have signed former arsenal and england under-21 midfielder romain schie on a two - year deal .
gps in england have been accused of being ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government 's failure to cut patient care .
` ` i ' ve heard of my life , '' says a 15-year - old boy who was attacked by a bull on his face .
a medieval castle has been discovered in durham for the first time in more than 20 years , archaeologists have said .
england 's danny willett won his first major of the year with a thrilling five - under - par 65 to win the masters .
a rebel - held town in the syrian city of homs has returned to the capital , ankara .
boko haram militants have carried out a mass attack on a school in north - eastern nigeria .
hundreds of thousands of children have marched through oxfordshire to protest against plans to close their children 's centres .
a wildfire in california has destroyed more than 1,000 homes in the us , officials say .
former liberal democrat leader tim farron has died at the age of 82 , his family has said .
tom lyth 's unbeaten century helped surrey fight back on day two against surrey at the oval .
a prison in essex has been forced to close because of a shortage of drugs , the ministry of justice has said .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a woman who was found dead at a house in oxford .
china 's supreme court has ruled that the philippines will not be able to cross the south china sea .
the ivory coast football federation -lrb- slfa -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' that the country 's players are paid to repay their contracts .
wolves came from behind to beat league two strugglers cambridge united in the efl cup second round .
sussex all - rounder jim wells says he is looking forward to winning the county championship this season .
in the wake of ukraine 's civil war , russia 's former prime minister has told the bbc that he is fighting for peace .
the us secretary of state john kerry has said china is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the south china sea .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of downloading indecent images of children , police have said .
a health board has been told to improve patient care in dumfries and galloway after inspectors found the quality of patient care .
the forth bridge has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government for the first time .
dame judi dench has been nominated for the bafta cymru awards -lrb- rts -rrb- .
mining giant lonsbury has said it will raise $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.5 bn -rrb- for the sale of its coal mines .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a 15-year - old girl in cumbria .
scientists at the university of california say they have developed a ` ` robot '' that can detect the brain 's weight .
south africa 's national lion has been rescued after being shot by a lion in the south of the country .
cuban president raul castro has called for the us to ` ` halt '' diplomatic relations with cuba .
pharmacists in the uk are being urged to help reduce the risk of antibiotics being used to treat antibiotics .
us president barack obama is to open a library in chicago for the first time in more than 20 years .
two men have been jailed for their part in a multi - million pound cyber - attack .
a crowdfunding campaign to save a world war two bomber has raised more than # 1,000 .
` ` i ' m going to work , '' says michelle o'neill , who has become the first woman in the uk to leave the eu .
super league side salford red devils have appointed former super league champions leigh centurions head coach jim duffy .
thousands of people have taken part in scotland 's christmas celebrations to mark the centenary of the earthquake .
a labour mp has been elected to the north west and cheshire constituency of stoke - on - trent .
for the first time in the history of county cricket , the county 's cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- announced on thursday , it was a year since the start of 2016 .
parking charges in scotland are being investigated by the scottish government over the introduction of new rules on parking charges .
children in the uk are more likely to be taught about their own life , according to a new study .
the uk should remain in the european union if it leaves the eu , a leading scientist has said .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a two - year - old girl by dangerous driving .
britain 's mark cavendish won the opening stage of the tour de yorkshire as britain 's mark < q >
there 's a lot of talk about the government 's decision to leave the schools in england .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the snp 's decision to quit the party .
a man who went missing with his nine - year - old son has spoken of how he disappeared .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend has told a court he had been beaten to death .
a row has broken out over plans to privatise some of coventry 's largest food chain .
a spanish court has acquitted former finance minister and former international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- chief dominique strauss - kahn of his bank account .
samsung has announced plans to allow its adverts to use smartphones and tablets to use adverts .
a ` ` potentially dangerous '' cat has died after a ` ` chemical spillage '' caused a ` ` fatal chemical '' in a street .
welsh triathlete non stanford is targeting a place in the triathlon world triathlon series in australia .
a danish man has died after getting into difficulty while swimming on a beach in the western isles , officials say .
a farm worker has been jailed for two years for causing the death of his mother by careless driving .
maro itoje 's late try gave leicester victory over harlequins at the aj bell stadium .
southend united manager phil brown says he is disappointed by the football association 's decision to charge his red card in saturday 's league one defeat by southend .
qpr have completed the signing of midfielder harry redknapp from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
south africa thrashed south africa by eight wickets in the second one - day international in cape town .
a leisure centre in denbighshire is to reopen for the first time in almost two years .
a polish court has sentenced a polish university student to life in prison for plotting terrorist attacks in norway .
ronnie o'sullivan has been voted the welsh snooker player of the year for the first time .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack in caerphilly county .
a british man has died in the greek island of lesbos , the country 's interior minister has said .
former rangers captain barry ferguson says he is ` ` very happy '' to become rangers ' new manager .
the mexican government has announced it will pay $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- to the victims of the kidnapping of a prison in mexico .
a woman who was killed by a taser in caerphilly county said she was ` ` shocked '' by police .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says the british grand prix is ` ` not good enough '' to return to formula 1 .
sunderland have completed the signing of argentine defender federico favela from manchester united for an undisclosed fee .
kilmarnock maintained their 100 % start to the season with victory over kilmarnock .
a us radio station has apologised after a video was found in a dark web box .
a man has pleaded guilty to the murder of a teacher at a hotel where she was found dead .
tributes have been paid to guitarist rick parfitt , who has died at the age of 74 .
jose mourinho has been named manchester united 's new manager , but he did n't know what he will be his next manager .
a man has died in a crash on the a72 in west sussex , police have said .
it 's been announced as the new host of the bbc music show ces in the uk .
an 18-year - old woman has been stabbed to death in a ` ` targeted attack '' in north belfast .
the royal college of surgeons has written to the health secretary asking for urgent action to be made in england .
forest fires in the amazon rainforest are damaging forest fires , according to a study in the lancet .
scientists in south africa have discovered the earliest evidence of human faeces , hidden from human faeces .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen by more than a third in a decade , according to new figures .
if you ' ve been talking about the word ` ` do n't do n't know '' , a study suggests .
one of the world 's most prominent scientists has died in the uk , in a tv show .
a charity which helps people with learning disabilities has said it is ` ` very important '' that it will be ` ` the best in the world 's history '' .
a patient at a mental health unit in the scottish borders has been suspended after a patient was told she had to leave her .
a community hall which was closed for more than two years is to reopen after it was closed .
ovarian ovarian ovarian 's blood test could help save the lives of women , a study suggests .
national league side tranmere rovers have signed midfielder matt crooks on a two - year deal after his release by cambridge united .
britain 's bob jungels won the giro d'italia title with victory in the women 's race .
red bull 's max verstappen says it will be ` ` impossible '' to introduce a new system for drivers .
the welsh government is being urged to make it easier for local authorities to be given the go - ahead .
the nhs in england is set to announce this week 's budget , with the biggest shake - up of the nhs .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has called on the uk government to be ` ` unsustainable '' .
mcdonald 's has been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by the european union of ` ` misleading '' its customers .
tributes have been paid to sir kenneth branagh , who has died at the age of 89 .
tributes have been paid to former south wales and wales rugby international cormain co - founder , who has died aged 93 .
dog owners in oxford have been warned they could be banned from keeping pets under plans to ban dogs .
oxford united have signed oxford united left - back michael appleton on loan until the end of the season .
a two - year - old boy has died in a farm accident in county down .   's police
the shooting of a black man by a police officer in the us state of iowa was a ` ` black man '' , according to us media .
facebook 's chief executive has apologised after a security flaw in its app - based app .
london 's transport system has officially opened its doors for the first time in more than 20 years .
the late singer and musician lucian freud has died at the age of 74 .   's eve , his family has announced .
liverpool fans will vote on whether to allow fans to take part in the wake of the hillsborough disaster .
ed gill , the former chief executive of the scottish engineering firm , has announced he will step down from the role .
one of britain 's most famous railway locomotives -lrb- ces -rrb- is preparing for the first time .
russian media are investigating the murder of russian broadcaster jean - claude tshikin , who was found dead in the city .
a third of five - year - olds are more likely to be able to sleep , a study suggests .
a gas explosion at a cafe in the spanish city of malaga has killed at least eight people , officials say .
one of the uk 's best - known music studios has opened in norwich .   's home town .
rail services between glasgow and glasgow are to be switched off due to a major upgrade of the main line .
a hospital 's health trust has resigned after a row over patient safety concerns , the bbc has learned .
the uk 's exit from the european union was a key factor in the brexit vote .
a british man has been found dead in myanmar 's capital , kinshasa , police say .
at least 15 people have been killed in a bus crash in eastern ukraine , a monitoring group says .
some schools in england are failing to ensure pupils are taught in their schools , according to a report .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend and setting her on fire .
derry city maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard - fought win over bohemians at the brandywell .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a british man in the uk in the 1990s .
chesterfield have signed midfielder luke o'brien on a two - year deal following his release by chesterfield .
we ' ve been using your mobile phone , but it 's not easy to know what you 're going to do .
drivers are being warned to expect delays in wales as a result of disruption caused by the easter rising .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in final practice at the belgian grand prix .
liam mandeville scored his first goal of the season as derby came from behind to beat derby in the efl cup .
a man has been jailed for life for raping a 15-year - old girl in sunderland .
belfast giants ' hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the elite league have been dealt a blow .
tens of thousands of people have gathered in central london to mark the 70th anniversary of the orlando shooting .
west ham have agreed a deal with women 's super league one side west ham united to join them .
harry potter and the cursed child is among the nominees for this year 's bafta film awards -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
a man has gone on trial accused of carrying out a fire at a recycling centre in the highlands .
plans for a new bridge on the humber bridge have been submitted to the public for the first time .
scotland 's first minister has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to brexit .
astronauts at the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- have developed a robotic arm .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his father .
former england captain michael vaughan struck a hat - trick to help his side beat derbyshire in the county championship .
prince harry has visited a children 's charity for the first time since the birth of his children .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcso -rrb- has called for a change in the way the scheme is run .
the chief executive of avon fire and rescue service is to resign after a watchdog ordered a review of the fire service .
league one side morecambe have signed striker shaun edwards on a two - year deal after his release by morecambe .
police in northern india are searching for a man suspected of killing his wife , who was shot dead in the city .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson says the league one relegation zone will be ` ` not good enough '' .
northampton saints director of rugby richard cockerill says the club 's ` ` greatness '' are the ` ` best side in the premiership '' .
one of the world 's most wanted birdwatchs has been sold at auction for $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- .
police in the us city of dallas say they have shot dead two men who were involved in the shooting of a black man .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has called for a review of the uk 's armed forces in libya .
formula 1 driver maria de villota has been seriously injured in a crash during a crash in cambridgeshire .
tate modern has been named the best - known artist of the year for the first time .
plans to cut legal aid in england and wales are ` ` unsustainable '' , the justice secretary has said .
police in the southern indian city of bangalore say they have found the world 's most venomous snake .
an international space festival has taken place in moscow to mark the 70th anniversary of the russian capital 's winter olympics .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the tour de yorkshire with victory in a sprint finish .
` ` i am n't think he was n't afraid to play football . ''
a man accused of murdering his ex - boyfriend in a ` ` horrendous '' amount of money , a court has heard .
police investigating the death of a man whose remains were found in a motorway have found a dna test .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked by a man in lancashire .
labour leader ed miliband has accused david cameron of ` ` disrespecting '' his party 's election campaign .
atletico madrid boss diego simeone has signed a new four - year contract with the spanish giants . .
cardiff 's mayor has urged the city council to back plans for a second city in the city .
china 's prime minister has told the bbc he is ` ` shocked '' by his country 's ` ` hardliner '' .
england 's james anderson made his first - class century of the tour of new zealand with an innings - and - run win over pakistan .
leeds united boss mauricio pochettino says his side are capable of reaching the championship play - offs .
a man has admitted causing the death of a father - of - two who died in a house fire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day lower , with shares in mining giant burberry .
the former deputy first minister of south africa has spoken of his comments about the future of education minister peter robinson .
new england head coach wayne bennett says he is ` ` confident '' his side can win the world cup .
a murder investigation is under way after a man 's body was found in a flat in glasgow .
welsh swimmer jazz carlin says she is ` ` proud '' of her career after winning a bronze medal at the rio olympics .
west brom manager tony pulis says he is ` ` happy '' to sign stoke city striker saido berahino .
a mental health unit in surrey is to carry out operations in the wake of the death of legionnaires ' disease .
england reached the semi - finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a five - wicket win over india at edgbaston .
south korea won the men 's 4x100 m -lrb- 3 kg -rrb- gold medal at the rio olympics .
former british and irish lions scrum - half faletau has died at the age of 89 .
a couple from falkirk have won the # 1.2 m lottery jackpot in the scottish borders .
national league side guiseley have re - signed kidderminster harriers midfielder matt grimes on loan until the end of the season .
it 's not just a few years since a prison in north lanarkshire , but there 's a sense of frustration .
pakistan captain virat kohli has been named the best player of the year for the first time .
shadow education secretary liz kendall has resigned as labour 's shadow education minister , saying she is ` ` not fit for purpose '' .
a judge in chile has charged two former military generals with kidnapping and kidnapping and murder in the 1970s .
india 's prime minister jayaram jayalalitha is expected to announce a new leader in the southern state of tamil nadu .
plans to build 1,000 homes in greater manchester are to go ahead , the city council has said .
the nhs in england is facing a ` ` crisis '' over funding shortages , the health secretary has said .
the sister of a prison officer killed in a bomb attack at maghaberry prison has said he was ` ` devastated '' .
thousands of people have taken to the stage in paris for the first time in more than 30 years .
people in bristol are being encouraged to use their own pro - democracy to fight against the so - called extremism .
a world war one medal has been unveiled in glasgow to mark the centenary of the battle of jutland .
adolf hitler was once one of the world 's most notorious anti - apartheikhists .
the number of pet owners in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2012 , the rspca has said .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade , according to a new report .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his side 's failure to win the premier league title .
a pakistani woman has been expelled from india after being accused of spying for india , a court has ruled .
a philippine judge has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a transgender woman in the philippines .
a former undercover police officer has called for an inquiry into undercover policing to be made public by the crown prosecution service .
the brazilian football federation -lrb- rfu -rrb- has announced it will end its sponsorship deal with the sport 's governing body .
northern ireland 's health minister has written to the department for health and social care -lrb- pps -rrb- asking the department of health in northern ireland to press on abortion .
a woman has been shot dead by a car in north - east london , police have said .
great britain 's women 's rowing team have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
scottish women 's football association -lrb- fai -rrb- chief executive anna signeul has said she is ` ` excited '' about her future .
as india 's prime minister narendra modi 's latest visit to the southern indian state of uttar pradesh , the bbc 's geeta pandey looks at some of the most important stories in india .
an inquest into the death of a baby who died after a caesarean birth was told it was a ` ` tragic accident '' , an inquest has heard .
a man from bristol has broken the world record for the fastest sex marathon in the history of london .
child sexual exploitation in devon and cornwall has increased by more than a third in the past year , the bbc has learned .
scientists say they have developed a ` ` smart '' way to cross the world 's biggest sporting ball .
food giant e. coli has confirmed that it is recalling 1.5 million people in the uk and france .
tanzania 's former prime minister yoweri museveni has resigned after being accused of fraud .
wales coach warren gatland says the british and irish lions are ` ` not good enough '' to win the six nations .
plans to sell land on the site of a former chapelcross nuclear site are to go on display .
scientists in the us state of pennsylvania have found a new type of diabetes that can help people with diabetes .
sir andy murray has been given a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list , the bbc has learned .
a police watchdog has called for a review into how officers dealt with a man 's death .
there 's a lot of things about the world 's best - known music industry .
the scottish government has been named as the country 's most deprived areas , according to official figures .
if you 're going to go to the polls , you ' ve never heard of your mind .
russia 's parliament has passed a law that allows users to access access access to the internet , the country 's interior ministry has announced .
a man has been jailed for four years for killing his two - month - old baby son .
a coach carrying passengers had to be evacuated from the m6 motorway after an incident involving a coach .
the nhs in england is struggling to cope with the pressure on the nhs , a think tank has warned .
bill cosby has filed a lawsuit against a us tv presenter accused of sexually assaulting a woman .
the chief executive of one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies , , , martin mcguinness , has died aged 84 .
jockey frankie dettori has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury during a race in switzerland .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 quarter - finals have been drawn in the group stages .
the trial of prominent republican thomas ` ` slab '' murphy accused of tax evasion has been adjourned .
a 16-year - old boy has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a schoolgirl who stabbed his friend to death .
two men who groomed and sexually abused two young girls in a watford care home have been jailed .
formula 1 bosses have said they are ` ` disappointed '' with the sale of a new racing car .
` ` i ' m not a man , '' says the bbc 's geeta pandemic man who has been in the united states .
the uk 's economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest figures .
voters in merseyside have been voting in the general election for the first time in 20 years .
actor liam neeson has been named best actor of the year at this year 's baftas .
the indian premier league will take on india in the first round of this year 's champions trophy .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called on the uk 's highest court in europe to be established .
romania 's prime minister manuel valls has been sworn in as the country 's new prime minister .
neymar and neymar have been ordered to pay # 10 m to barcelona forward neymar over their transfer fee .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` extremely lucky to be alive '' after a cat got trapped in a drain in cambridgeshire .
the un security council has ordered the release of more than 1,000 people suspected of war crimes in syria .
england captain kevin pietersen says he will not be able to play in the final test against sri lanka .
bristol rovers have re - signed bristol city midfielder matt clarke on loan until the end of the season .
sri lanka 's women 's cricket team has denied reports of a match - fixing ring .
` ` it 's been a great place for great britain , '' says olympic skeleton champion lizzy yarnold .
former scarlets boss neil williams has apologised for ` ` racially offensive behaviour '' .
a proposal to build more than 1,000 homes on a former airfield in surrey has been delayed .
venezuela 's government has suspended flights from the country 's biggest carrier , lufthansa .
israel 's un has accused israel of war crimes and war crimes committed during the conflict in gaza .
a group of syrian refugees have arrived in northern ireland for the first time since the conflict in syria .
the governor of indiana has called for a ban on gay and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- .
a chinese man has been arrested in connection with a landslide that killed four people , state media say .
the european union has agreed to offer asylum seekers to europe , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
turkish media have released images of a young syrian boy who died in a boat capsized on the turkish coast .
plans for a new bus lane in belfast city centre are to be considered by the city council -lrb- fai -rrb- .
sainsbury 's has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by strong sales of its home retail business .
the bbc 's northern ireland news programme has been named as the man of the year for the first time .
a number of staff at a west belfast primary school have been suspended due to a strike by teachers .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp said his side 's europa league quarter - final win over liverpool was ` ` not acceptable '' .
some care services in england are to be cut by the end of next year , the government has announced .
justin bieber is being investigated by police after he was hit by a car during a tour of america .
the uk 's largest mobile network is to return to the uk from next year , it has been confirmed .
ukip has apologised for suggesting a child hiv - positive is being treated as hiv .
manchester city moved up to third in the europa league with a comfortable win over fenerbahce .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year - old girl in west yorkshire .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says he was ` ` shocked '' by the decision to ban him from diving .
plans for a # 3.5 m bypass around stonehenge have been given the go - ahead .
double olympic champion nicola adams has become the first british woman to win a medal at the rio olympics .
it 's been a year since the 2015 general election , but there 's a lot of stories .
the fa cup semi - final between manchester united and manchester united will be broadcast live on bbc one .
a ` ` horrendous '' bird of prey has died after being shot in north yorkshire .
plans for a # 3.5 m link road between edinburgh and edinburgh have been announced by councillors .
police forces in england and wales are ` ` not doing enough '' , a watchdog has said .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has warned that the country will not be able to return to syria .
a police officer has been cleared of indecently assaulting a woman in a pub in glasgow .
welsh sailor alex thomson has become the first briton to win the vendee globe in the world .
a # 3.5 m m bypass in carmarthenshire has been approved by the welsh government .
cycling 's governing body has been fined # 500,000 after being fined for failing to stop cycling 's bikes .
the us says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' that turkey 's military has been deployed to syria .
liverpool have agreed a deal to sign sweden midfielder yaya sanogo on a three - year deal .
asylum seekers at a kent immigration removal centre have been placed in special measures , the home office has said .
georgia 's former president , mikheil saakashvili , has died at the age of 90 .
leeds rhinos head coach brian mcdermott says he is ` ` proud '' of his team after they won the super league title .
the death of a man who died after being restrained by police was ` ` unacceptable '' , an inquest has heard .
a series of attacks on jewish centres in the us and the us have been reported by the white house .
a man has been sold for more than # 1,000 after a ` ` depressing '' appeal .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes says the county 's mental strength in the one - day cup is a ` ` huge problem '' .
iran 's supreme leader has called on the country 's supreme court to end the hunger strike in jail .
the us military has filed a lawsuit against the us defence ministry over the use of female military recruits .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in royal mail fell more than 5 % after the company reported a fall in profits .
taliban fighters in the southern afghan city of quetta have killed at least 20 people , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in germany .
trainer aidan o'brien will miss saturday 's grand national at aintree because of a hamstring injury .
bradford came from behind to beat oxford and move into the league one play - off places with victory at oxford .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the body of a man found at a nightclub in birmingham has been found , an inquest has heard .
a group of mps has called for the welsh government to make it easier for migrants to stay in the uk .
apple has launched its first gender - growing website , in a bid to become the first female employees to do so .
a woman has gone on trial accused of defrauding the home of her former home in west london .
northern ireland 's public sector is to be cut as part of a plan to save # 1.5 m over the next five years .
a french court has ordered an investigation into the deaths of two women who had breast implants in france .
` ` it 's a bit like a dog , '' says australian prime minister malcolm turnbull .
police in fife say they have found cannabis plants with a street value of more than # 1 m .
the number of people with mental health problems in england has increased by more than a third , a report suggests .
wales manager chris coleman says the welsh football association will not be able to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
a 16-year - old boy has gone on trial accused of causing the death of a schoolboy .
the edinburgh international design festival is to be launched later this year -lrb- gsa -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for life for stabbing a friend to death in a fight in the uk .
britain 's liam smith says he is ` ` disappointed '' after being knocked out of the bdo world championships in a row .
sheffield steelers head coach steve davis says saturday 's super league final at wembley will be a ` ` dream '' .
supermarkets should be banned from eating disorders , according to a report by the british food society -lrb- nt -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of assaulting a prisoner in his cell , police have said .
a 24-hour tube route in west london has been trialled for the first time in more than a year .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in a flat in dumfries .
the bbc 's mark zuckerberg looks at some of the most important moments in the world .
an image of a snowboarder in india has been unveiled by a county londonderry university .
a fire which broke out at a recycling centre in the scottish borders was started deliberately , police have said .
the collapse of the collapsed didcot power station has been delayed until the end of the year , the bbc understands .
the bitcoin exchange -lrb- bitco -rrb- has been suspended by hackers in japan .
a group of paedophiles who sexually abused girls in the town have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government .
a prison has been criticised for failing to cope with the safety of inmates at a kent prison , a report has found .
when steve campbell was found guilty of being involved in a corruption scandal in his home town of qpr .
police in the us state of kentucky have sworn in to the governor of the state of the us .
two of wales ' largest schools are to receive a # 3.5 m boost from next year .
a un official has been killed in an attack on a military base in libya , the un says .
the first robot to be built in the french capital , paris , is to be launched in paris .
england women 's euro 2017 squad have been called up to the netherlands squad for next month 's tournament .
manchester united moved up to fourth in the premier league with a comfortable win over bournemouth at old trafford .
the uk government 's plan to cut carbon emissions by 2030 has been approved by the government .
manchester united manager jose mourinho will leave the club at the end of the season , bbc radio manchester understands .
chris froome says he is ` ` shocked '' by police after a stolen car crashed into him during the tour de france .
two cars have been destroyed in a fire at a block of flats in birmingham , police have said .
one of the world 's most famous landmarks , which was damaged by a fire , has put his sights on hold .
the death of a woman in her 20s in north - east england has been described as a ` ` major incident '' .
sainsbury 's has reported a fall in sales and profits for the first time in three years .
hundreds of turtles have washed up on a carmarthenshire beach , according to a conservation charity .
dozens of people have been killed and dozens are missing after a powerful earthquake hit a village in the arctic .
a former guantanamo bay detainee who was released from prison in afghanistan has been freed from prison .
northern ireland 's shane donnelly will compete at the rio olympics after failing to qualify for the rio games .
the co - pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed in the french alps last year was ` ` not acceptable '' , investigators say .
the parents of a paedophile are calling for a ban on paedophiles to be banned .
a plane had to be diverted to birmingham airport after a passenger jet crashed on the m6 motorway .
us federal reserve chair janet yellen has said the federal reserve will raise interest rates for the first time this year .
norwich airport 's chief executive has told the bbc that a cyber attack on the site could have been hacked .
a high court judge has ruled a legal challenge to the scottish government 's plan to build a wind farm off the coast of scotland .
a # 3.5 m investment has been set up by the welsh government for the first time .
the number of people living in care in england has risen by more than doubled in the last three years , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
a collection of the original original original star wars : the force awakens has sold for # 20,000 at auction .
the bbc proms will perform at this year 's bbc proms later this year , it has been announced .
great britain 's chris and gabby adcock reached the semi - finals of the rio olympics .
tony bellew says he is ` ` disappointed '' with tony bellew 's decision to pull out of saturday 's heavyweight defeat by tony bellew .
wales ' hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 have been dealt a blow to their shock defeat by france .
zambia 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the african nations championship suffered a blow as they lost 2 - 1 to south africa .
greek finance minister yanis varoufakis has appeared in court accused of ` ` misleading '' greece .
women in the iranian parliament have voted to elect a new president , in a run - off debate .
tens of thousands of people have marched in bahrain to protest against the government 's use of security .
newcastle united have completed the signing of arsenal defender marco de grealish on a two - year deal .
britain 's jamie ward and chris ward both reached the semi - finals of the us open with a 6 - 3 win over american john ward .
a paedophile who left his two - week - old baby with brain damage has been given a suspended jail sentence .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the party of failing to win the general election .
a student who was jailed for a minimum of 12 years for falsifying her life has been jailed .
the closure of two edinburgh primary schools is to be closed after a wall collapsed during the winter storms .
cardiff devils head coach danny bowyer says his side 's elite league play - off hopes are over .
aer lingus has said it will stop flights from aer lingus and aer lingus due to a ` ` technical problem '' .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the scottish government has been awarded # 3.5 m in funding .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in the vale of glamorgan .
a suspected unexploded world war two bomb has been found in a field in dorset .
two men have been found guilty of stealing sheep from a cumbrian farm and stealing more than 100 sheep .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was raped in a car park .
craft brewer sabmiller has rejected a bid from rival brewer sabmiller for a third consecutive year .
the unite union has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that some of scotland 's largest pension groups have voted in favour of industrial action .
the premier league has agreed a deal to buy premier league and broadcast live coverage of the us premier league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , nick stegg looks at how many young people are born .
a man has been jailed for life for his part in a ` ` cowardly '' robbery .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- should be investigated by mps over tax evasion and tax evasion , mps have said .
a doctor who was jailed for six months for breaching the nhs 's code of conduct has been struck off .
a group of musicians from the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- say they are ` ` devastated '' by the music industry .
a man who conned a woman out of thousands of pounds of benefits has been jailed for two years .
the green party has launched its manifesto for brighton and hove albion , saying it would be ` ` the biggest party in the world '' .
a uk - based company is to become the uk 's first high - tech company in the uk .
pakistan 's prime minister nawaz sharif has been charged with manslaughter over the killing of a christian couple in the northern city of lahore .
ukip 's leader nigel farage has said he wants to win a majority of ukip in wales .
carlisle united manager keith curle says his side 's league two play - off semi - final against carlisle is ` ` not good enough '' .
thousands of people have taken part in belfast 's annual pride parade , taking place in the city .
labour mp jo cox has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he wants to invest in arts and arts in england .
gareth bale , gareth bale and gareth bale will play wales in the euro 2016 semi - finals .
championship side sheffield wednesday have re - signed sheffield wednesday midfielder matt shepherd on a two - year deal .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that the uk will not be able to leave the european union .
the number of people caught drink - driving on the uk 's busiest airports has more than doubled in the past year , figures show .
in sri lanka , a group of asylum seekers have been forced to flee their home after being tortured and tortured by asylum seekers .
the family of a police officer shot dead by a prostitute have been suspended by the police watchdog .
a number of people have been arrested in connection with the electoral fraud of london mayor sadiq khan .
england 's danny willett shot a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the us open .
a photographer has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by a taxi driver who appeared on a taxi .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman in a ` ` cowardly '' attack .
mexico 's attorney general has apologised to the daughter of a woman who was falsely accused of sexually abusing her daughter .
the united nations has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the un 's human rights council .
a head teacher has written to the chief inspector of schools to apologise for taking children to school .
a lorry driver has been jailed for six years for killing a woman who was caught using his mobile phone .
a conservative mp has been suspended from the house of commons for breaching rules on mps ' expenses .
turkey 's parliament has passed a controversial bill that would allow police to use petrol bombs and weapons .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences , west midlands police said .
work has begun on a medieval bridge in the cairngorms for the first time in almost 50 years .
the bodies of two people killed in a helicopter crash in powys have been found , police have said .
a man had to be rescued after his car got into difficulty in the water off the dorset coast .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to rise .
a statue of former watford manager phil taylor will be unveiled at vicarage road , the club has announced .
england 's schools should be given the go - ahead , says the education secretary , as part of a review .
sir bradley wiggins says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the british cycling federation -lrb- tua -rrb- over allegations of anti - doping .
a paedophile has been jailed for life for plotting a terror attack on a british army base .
the labour party is preparing for its first general election since the uk voted to leave the european union .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from the north - east of the south - east of japan after a devastating earthquake .
` ` i ' ve been a legend of football , '' says former england captain paul taylor .
india is one of the world 's most important economies , but it is not a good place for the economy .
one of the uk 's best - known authors is to go on display in portsmouth .
cruise company costa concordia has reported a sharp fall in profits and profits for the first half of the year .
nhs grampian has been told to improve patient care at aberdeen royal infirmary because of concerns about patient safety .
harlequins reached the quarter - finals of the european challenge cup with a narrow win over stade francais .
a judge in the german city of mecca has ordered an inquiry into the deaths of dozens of children and children .
a sinkhole has opened up on a street in manchester city centre after a sinkhole opened up .
netflix has said it will not offer its content to china , but will not be able to make it easier .
labour 's jeremy corbyn has confirmed he is leaving the party after two years in charge .
a new children 's choir is to open in gloucester for the first time in more than 20 years .
surrey county 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by a watchdog .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghymru .
two men have gone on trial accused of attempting to murder a man in a car park in east london .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been ordered to go to the polls for a second time in three days .
ukip leader paul nuttall has written to ukip leader nigel farage to clarify his plans for a referendum on uk independence .
a fisherman has been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty in the sea off the south of scotland .
a former police officer has been charged with two counts of indecent assault , a court has heard .
the ` ` radicalisation of extremism '' should be tackled by uk universities , a leading academic has said .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side can not afford to win the premier league title .
labour leader ed miliband has apologised for making a ` ` joke '' about the sun .
the co - operative shipyard , sir ferguson ferguson , is to close with the loss of about 100 jobs .
france has marked the centenary of the paris attacks , marking the 50th anniversary of the massacre of jewish prisoners .
a london trader accused of contributing to the us financial crisis has appeared in court in london accused of manipulating the us economy .
a motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after a crash with a motorbike .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of a new gene that could lead to babies born in the uk .
social care services in england face a ` ` significant impact '' on social services , according to a think tank .
scientists in the united states have been working together to help robots in the country 's cities and cities .
scientists say they have found a ` ` unique '' discovery of water from a quarry in the czech republic .
two people have been arrested after a man was seriously injured in a suspected hate crime in flintshire .
the head of the european commission , jose manuel barroso , has defended his decision to leave the european union .
more than 1,000 people tuned in to watch the night sky at the ceredigion castle .
tributes have been paid to a former glamorgan captain who died after being struck by a car in cardiff .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was hit by a car in bradford .
volkswagen says it is recalling 1,000 cars in europe because of concerns about the emissions scandal .
southampton captain virgil van dijk will leave the club at the end of the season , bbc radio manchester understands .
johnston press has reported a rise in profits to # 1.6 m for the three months to march .
network rail has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the electrification of the great western railway line between london and london has been delayed .
the mother of a boy who died in the hillsborough disaster said he was ` ` lucky '' to be alive , an inquest has heard .
two children have been taken to hospital after being hit by a swan at a beauty spot in dorset .
a farmer who killed a cat in his car has been sentenced to six years in prison for cruelty .
ireland manager anna signeul says his side 's women 's hockey team are capable of reaching the euro 2016 finals .
formula 1 bosses say they are ` ` not concerned '' about the future of the british grand prix .
democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader naomi long has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that northern ireland 's flag is ` ` not acceptable '' .
martin o'neill has been named in the republic of ireland squad for the world cup qualifier against austria .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to rise .
two men have been assaulted by a gang of masked men who broke into a house in west belfast .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in southampton .
hundreds of thousands of nurses in england will be forced to pay for student accommodation in a bid to save money .
scotland 's peter dumoulin is one shot off the lead after the second round of the travelers championship .
` ` i ' ve never heard of the ball , '' says the county cricket council -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
the wife of a woman who was found in a drugs scam has been jailed for seven years .
britain 's nairo quinta won the giro d'italia to win the dressage title .
students from the us will be able to learn from the world 's ` ` best - loved '' universities .
the national trust has announced plans for a # 1.5 m revamp of a national park in surrey .
iran has condemned a video appearing to show youtube 's ` ` selfie '' and ` ` decriminalised '' .
team sky 's geraint mo farah has been suspended from the tour de france after being found guilty of racism .
a bus has crashed into a railway line in oxford , causing delays and disruption to commuters and passengers .
a worcester university building which was closed for almost two years is to be closed after asbestos was found .
the mayor of sao paulo has announced he will open a shopping centre in the capital , sao paulo .
peruvian prime minister humala humala has said he will step down as president of the united states .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street 's main share index closed lower on friday , with the nasdaq index closing higher .
the trial of an irishman jailed in egypt has been adjourned until the end of the year .
connacht 's hopes of reaching the pro12 play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten by connacht .
brighton & hoverboard festival is being transformed into a series of show - breaking shows .
st helens came from behind to beat castleford and move back to the top of the super league table .
london mayoral candidate zac goldsmith has been elected as the green party 's candidate in the richmond park by - election .
a norwegian military helicopter has crashed in norway , killing at least 12 people , including a military officer , in a training exercise .
a coroner has ordered an inquest into the death of poppi worthington , the inquest into her death .
the welsh football association -lrb- sepp -rrb- has flown to france to france for the euro 2016 finals .
the cost of the uk 's best - known digital licences has risen by more than # 1bn , according to a report .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and inciting hatred .
sinn [ UNK ] leader jim murphy has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to have won the northern ireland assembly election .
belfast giants have been named in the great britain men 's hockey team for the 2018 commonwealth games .
a collection of anglo - welsh schoolchildren in kent has been sold for # 1,000 .
in haiti , thousands of migrants have fled their homes in the north - west of the dominican republic .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced it will cut 2,000 jobs in the next three years .
former south sudan president gianni infantino has been sworn in as the new president of south sudan .
british number one johanna konta reached the us open semi - finals with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over croatia 's caroline wozniacki .
the us box office has announced a new version of the best - selling characters in the world .
archaeologists have discovered what they believe is the most important discovery in the history of life in northern ireland .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` appalled '' that a deal with china has been agreed by the snp .
afghanistan has declared a state of emergency in the north - west of the border with afghanistan , officials say .
hull city have signed hull city midfielder george cloon on loan until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .
a terminally ill cancer patient who was diagnosed with leukaemia has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to his treatment .
scientists have revealed the first picture of the great wall of the sun 's hand - written note .
the welsh secretary has written to the house of commons to set up a review of the welsh assembly .
the european court of human rights -lrb- eaw -rrb- has approved a request to extradite the uk to the eu .
for the first time , russia 's president bashar al - assad announced a deal on the rebel - held east of the syrian city of aleppo .
four men have been arrested after cocaine worth more than # 20,000 was seized in liverpool .
residents at a powys cemetery have been told they will not be able to speak out about the condition .
swiss voters in switzerland have rejected a proposal by swiss voters to introduce quotas for migrants from the european union .
national league side braintree town have re - signed braintree town midfielder james collins on loan until the end of the season .
hong kong 's pro - democracy campaigner aung san suu kyi has won the right to stand in the pro - democracy party .
catalans dragons maintained their unbeaten start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over catalans dragons .
a man has appeared in court in chicago accused of trying to grab a crowd of thousands of people with a hate speech .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won the women 's road race as lizzie armitstead finished second in a sprint finish .
the number of plastic bags in england has risen by almost a third in the past year , according to data obtained by the bbc .
two men have been charged with rape after a man was found to have raped a woman in sunderland .
worcester ended a run of three straight defeats with a hard - fought victory at worcester .   's
shares in asia were mixed on friday as investors reacted to the federal reserve 's decision to raise interest rates .
the latest star wars movie , the force awakens , is back in the us and canada box office .
a british army sergeant accused of sexually assaulting a female colleague in a hotel room has appeared in court .
two men have been jailed for the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a scooter .
work has begun on a # 2.5 m revamp of dundee 's v&a waterfront .
a collection of harry potter books has sold for # 1,000 at auction for # 20,000 .
the wife of a woman who was stolen from her home in brighton has said she is ` ` devastated '' .
more than # 2 m has been spent on repairing the coastline of britain 's coastline in the east of england .
the first minister has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the collapse of the # 1bn port of llandudno .
a grade ii - listed church of england has been awarded # 3.5 m of lottery funding .
the parents of a seven - year - old boy who took his daughter to the isle of wight have won a high court challenge .
david cameron and david cameron have written to david cameron 's questions about their children 's wealth .
a campaign has been launched to re - home a 19th century pub in a bid to stop people living in hull .
neonicotinoid pesticides linked to neonicotinoid pesticides have been identified by researchers .
a pub owner has been banned from entering a pub after a row over a ban on gay bikers .
the chief constable of devon and cornwall police has said he will step down from the end of the year .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner has called on the scottish government to review the use of the code of conduct .
a plane that crashed in myanmar 's north - east , killing at least 11 people , has died , officials say .
more than 1,000 people have been rescued from a remote part of finland after heavy rain caused flooding .
the hillsborough disaster was the biggest night in the history of the club 's fans , and fans gathered at the scene .
lord heseltine has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of a man in the house of lords .
a group of senior managers at bristol city council have been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' .
the great british bake off is to return to the great britain choir for the first time , it has been announced .
the scottish government has issued a warning for sheep being stolen from a stretch of road in aberdeenshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the head with a knife .
` ` if you want to think , '' says the university of quebec , the canadian province of quebec -lrb- hit -rrb- .
nigeria 's army says it has freed dozens of children who were abducted by boko haram militants .
the european union should not be allowed to leave the eu , the president of the eu has said .
mansfield town boss steve green says he was ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to leave the league two club .
the number of motorcyclists killed by motorists in london has risen by more than 50 % over the past year , a report has found .
leyton orient have been fined by the football association for failing to control their players during saturday 's 2 - 1 defeat by porto .
national league side boreham wood have signed striker lucas lucas lucas on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
tens of thousands of people have gathered in bangkok for the first time since thailand 's general election .
fraudsters are being urged to keep their savings on their pension savings -lrb- ecb -rrb- , the information commissioner says .
leicester city have signed leicester city striker jamie mendy on a two - year deal .   's loan .
it was n't always going to be the next us presidential election , but it 's not easy .
` ` i ' ve been trying to overthrow turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . ''
a photographer has been selected to take part in an exhibition celebrating the life of shetland 's harbour harbour .
a hedgehog has been named as the winner of a # 20,000 hedgehog trust .
kent kept their hopes of winning the division two title with a draw against kent at chelmsford .
the number of nurses in scotland has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to new figures .
two men have been arrested after a gang of armed men were involved in an armed robbery in london .
a man who was killed when a gas blast exploded in his home was a ` ` nightmare '' , an inquest has heard .
wildfires have killed at least 15 people in the south - east of chile , officials say .
british number one johanna konta says she is ` ` proud '' of her career after winning the australian open .
sunderland boss steve bruce has left the club by mutual consent after just three months in charge of the club .
a volcano in the guatemalan capital , baghdad , has forced the evacuation of thousands of people from a volcano .
the uk government has launched a plan to build a new wind farm in the south of the uk .
a paedophile who filmed himself abusing his baby has been jailed for six years . ''
britain 's andy murray says he is ` ` ready '' to reach the semi - finals of the aegon championships .
the scottish food and drink group -lrb- tud -rrb- has reported a sharp rise in profits .
a new primary school in surrey has been given the go - ahead by the county council -lrb- es -rrb- .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- is to investigate allegations of money laundering and money laundering in northern ireland .
brexit could be ` ` disastrous '' for northern ireland , the welsh government has warned .
` ` i ' m looking for a man who 's got stuck in his bed . ''
it 's been a year since the death of robin hood , who was best known for his life .
the prince of wales has become the first person to score a crocodile in new zealand 's western isles .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been sworn in as the new president of the russian capital moscow .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after he was arrested in south - west london .
one of scotland 's most endangered otters is set to be returned to the south of scotland .
the afghan government and the army have agreed to resume peace talks with the taliban in the capital kabul .
romelu lukaku scored a hat - trick as west brom came from behind to beat west brom .
former new zealand prime minister john key has said he will step down as president of the united states .
a pilot had to be rescued from a plane travelling to the uk for more than a year , it has emerged .
a woman from birmingham has made her first appearance in the women 's institute -lrb- jk -rrb- .
the amount of crimes in the uk has fallen by more than a third in a decade , research suggests .
albion rovers came from behind to beat raith rovers and move into the league two play - off places .
chelsea 's premier league title hopes are over , and it 's been a huge moment for chelsea .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern yemen have been killed by islamist militants .
a court in brazil has ruled that the construction of a dam in the city of rio de janeiro could be lifted .
the number of properties in the uk fell by 1 % last year , according to the latest figures .
a family of a toddler who died in a house fire in canada say they are lucky to be alive .
england 's ben duckett has been named the best player in the international cricket council 's history .
two women 's one - day international series between northants and northants will take place in strabane .
salford recorded their first super league win of the season with a hard - fought victory over salford .
a pothole in a lincolnshire town is to be closed for more than two years after it was damaged by lightning .
olympic champion katherine grainger says she is ` ` excited '' to be ` ` happy '' about returning to britain .
work has begun on a # 3 m redevelopment of pembrokeshire council 's new multi - million pound headquarters .
the metropolitan police has said it is ` ` appalled '' that a security guard was shot dead by the home secretary .
greenock morton maintained their 100 % start to the scottish championship season with victory over dumbarton .
great britain 's men 's wheelchair basketball team won bronze in the men 's -57 kg category at the rio olympics .
work has started on a multi - million pound project to upgrade the a9 in caithness .
a convicted drug dealer has been released from prison after he was caught on cctv images of him .
nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- president muhammadu buhari has left his position as coach of nigeria .
russian president vladimir putin has released a video showing the killing of dozens of russian soldiers in the city of palmyra .
donald trump has warned donald trump that the us is ` ` not a good thing '' , as he prepares to defend his presidential campaign .
a new shopping centre in east london has been given the go - ahead by the city council .
the russian military says it carried out a ` ` catastrophic '' attack on a russian jet that crashed in syria last month .
salford red devils head coach danny swanson has warned his players not to ` ` get off '' the pitch .
a consultation on plans to close two pembrokeshire secondary schools is set to take place on monday morning .
four people have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of a man in a carmarthenshire town .
blackberry has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by strong sales .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner has apologised for failing to stop officers being shot by officers .
more than 1,000 motorists have been banned from parking charges in a bid to stop them being banned from driving .
scotland 's men 's team have been named in the squad for the world championships in glasgow .
it 's been a year since the milk crisis in europe , but there 's no plans to cut milk .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of llandudno for the first time since christmas .
republican presidential hopeful ted cruz has accused republican presidential candidate ted cruz of ` ` inciting hatred '' .
a report into the death of a six - year - old boy in fife has found that care services had been ` ` inadequate '' .
thousands of palestinians are taking to the streets of ramadan in the west bank to mark the easter rising .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested in connection with a knife attack at a shop in east london .
the ukrainian government has launched a series of cyber - attacks on the streets of the capital kiev .
there is a ` ` significant '' rise in the number of patients who have died in hospital , the welsh government has said .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 70th anniversary of the gallipoli landings in belgium .
nigeria 's army says it has abducted more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted by boko haram militants .
the government is ` ` failing '' to investigate the grenfell tower fire , the home secretary has said .
the royal mint has launched a new # 5 coin to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
zinedine zidane scored a hat - trick as real madrid came from behind to beat real madrid at the top of la liga .
a man who posted offensive messages on facebook has been given a suspended prison sentence for posting offensive messages .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pps -rrb- has called for an independent review into human rights .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he will not be able to form a new government .
stoke city midfielder lee johnson has signed a new two - year contract with the premier league club .s
a man has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by a man accused of throwing acid at his home .
scotland centre richie gray has signed a new two - year deal with glasgow warriors .   's summer signing .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south - west london .
a woman has died after she was hit by a lorry on a busy road in suffolk , police have said .
liverpool ladies have signed england under-21 midfielder kelly kelly from liverpool on a two - year deal .
kilmarnock maintained their 100 % start to the season with a 2 - 1 win over kilmarnock .
work is to start on a museum in stoke - on - trent after a # 1 m fundraising campaign .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has sacked his cabinet , hours after he was sacked .
` ` we ' ve got a bit like a dog , '' said peter robinson , ` ` i ' ve never heard of the belfast telegraph '' .
apple 's chief executive has told the fbi he wants to use software to monitor security flaws in the software .
bristol rovers have signed midfielder jake buxton and matty smith from league one club bristol rovers for next season .
britain 's liam evans won the wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over liam evans .
a former prison officer has been ordered to repay more than # 100,000 from hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- .
` ` i ' m living in sierra leone , '' says the man who has been living in the uk .
a welsh - based software firm has been launched in cardiff to help people with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
a 29-year - old man has died following a disturbance at a flat in dumfries .
the prime minister has called on the uk 's police and intelligence agencies to tackle corruption in iraq .
a community - owned pub in north yorkshire has been named the uk 's most famous pub .
us secretary of state john kerry has said north korea 's nuclear programme is ` ` absolutely committed '' .
as china prepares to become the first country in more than 50 years , the country 's revolutionary armed forces and the rest of the world have been working with china .
the value of banks -lrb- rbs -rrb- has been raised by the bank of england .
ross county have completed the signing of turkish striker jonjo shelvey on a two - year deal .
venezuela 's government has been hit by a power cut in the country 's main opposition congress .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in fife .
the rolling stones have revealed they will be celebrating the 70th anniversary of the rock band 's death .
primary school children in england are more likely to be able to travel to school , a study suggests .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has said the country 's ` ` world '' is a ` ` world - class '' .
george north has been ruled out of england 's six nations squad because of a hamstring injury .
the uk government has announced plans to build a drone in the east of the country , as part of a major overhaul .
arsenal and manchester united are investigating allegations of racist abuse at a world cup qualifier against arsenal and germany .
callum smith has won the bbc sports personality of the year award for the first time in his career .
wales coach warren gatland says his side 's world cup quarter - final defeat by south africa was a ` ` disaster '' .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for a ` ` new generation of people '' to be allowed to leave their homes .
the rugby football union -lrb- wru -rrb- has won the professional player of the year award .
partick thistle came from behind to beat partick thistle and move into second place in the premiership .
scientists in the us say they have developed a vaccine that can detect life - saving kidneys .
hearts head coach ian cathro says he is ` ` not interested '' in signing a new contract .
olympic champion greg rutherford has become the first briton to win the manchester arena gold medal at the world championships .
the nhs in england is facing a series of ` ` crisis - hit '' strikes , says the chief medical officer .
neil kinnock has become the first person to be elected as the new leader of the snp .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend is confident scotland will be able to play in the six nations on saturday .
the new psni has confirmed it will return to action for the first time in more than two years .
mps are to debate the government 's plans for a second eu referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu .
the historical institutional abuse inquiry -lrb- polm -rrb- has concluded that four men were sexually abused in north wales .
a man who was trapped in a tractor in essex has been told he had to leave his vehicle .
the republic of ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- occ -rrb- has said she wants to recruit new recruits .
the owner of a dog stolen from his home in new york has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by the theft .
a former head teacher at a birmingham school has been branded ` ` inadequate '' by the education secretary .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .s
former derby county and derby county striker elinor barker is set to return to training after suffering a knee injury .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has rejected the international court of appeal against sudan 's government .
the mother of a schoolgirl who was sexually abused by her teacher has said she is ` ` shocked '' by police .
two people have been rescued after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in derbyshire . '   ss
a un report into syria 's chemical weapons programme is to be carried out by the united nations .
one of the world 's most famous tree trees is to be named in the uk for the first time .
venezuela 's president has called for the release of a prominent journalist who was detained in the country .
the maker of a food processing plant in aberdeenshire has announced plans to close its factory in the town .
microsoft is to launch a version of its xbox one console , the xbox one , the company has announced .
denmark reached the semi - finals of the european women 's eurohockey championships with a 2 - 0 win over denmark .
ipswich town moved up to second in the championship with victory over fellow strugglers ipswich at the den .
a us police officer who shot and killed an unarmed black woman in custody has been identified by the fbi .
us ryder cup captain heather watson says he will be ` ` proud '' to lead europe 's ryder cup team for next month 's tournament .
the number of children with diabetes in wales has risen by a third in five years , according to new research .
a huge sinkhole has opened up on the roof of a football stadium in the republic of ireland .
hungary is one of the world 's most famous landmarks , but it is also known as the soviet union .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for plotting to smuggle weapons into the uk and uk .
a british woman who was jailed in peru for drug smuggling has been released from prison in the uk .
nigeria 's president has ordered the country 's armed forces to retake the north of the country .
chelsea captain john terry will leave the club at the end of the season , says manager john terry .
the us supreme court has ruled that president donald trump 's travel ban should be extended to four months .
a new app that allows users to use mobile phones and mobile phone boxes has been unveiled in london .
torquay united boss kevin nicholson says the national league strugglers are ` ` not good enough '' to avoid relegation .
welsh olympic taekwondo champion jade jones says she wants to compete at the rio olympics to defend her title .
a multimillion - pound redevelopment of newport 's centre has been given the go - ahead .
the new horizons probe has released the first images of pluto 's dwarf planet , after the discovery of pluto .
england 's justin thomas carded a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the us pga championship .
canadian police have arrested two men suspected of trying to smuggle drugs into the us , officials say .
india 's economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
a video of a man being racially abused by a black man has been released by police in london .
ipswich town manager mick mccarthy says he is ` ` not surprised '' by playing for the club .
northern ireland 's cities could be affected by the brexit vote , according to a report .
hundreds of people have been displaced by a massive earthquake in nepal 's north - east , officials say .
more than 100 people have attended a meeting to discuss plans to demolish flats in a former tower block .
a man has been arrested after cannabis plants were found in a warehouse in east sussex , police have said .
england 's hopes of reaching the final of the champions trophy were ended by sri lanka at the oval .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has written to the head of the islamist group boko haram .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a muslim man in a glasgow shop .
scientists from cardiff university have launched an online campaign to help identify bee - like bees from the uk .
warrington maintained their unbeaten start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over warrington .
it 's been a year since the winter olympics , but it 's not easy to see it .
canada 's supreme court has charged a woman with plotting to bomb and bomb attacks in the city .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has apologised for his comments on social media about adolf hitler .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
a letter written by author philip lewis to the author of the ` ` best - loved '' novel has sold at auction .
the queen has apologised for ` ` unacceptable '' comments about the queen 's visit to china .
a report into the shoreham air crash that killed four men had been delayed because of safety concerns .
a lottery ticket worth more than # 1 m has been found in a car park in denbighshire .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the welsh government of ` ` disrespectious '' over brexit .
french footballer karim benzema has been arrested in france on charges of money laundering and money laundering in france .
the mother of a woman stabbed to death in a birmingham street has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the stabbing .
japan 's richest man , the world 's richest person , has topped a record high in the first quarter of the year .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how to save the lives of thousands of people .
raheem sterling says he has ` ` no regrets '' about his future at liverpool and says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his future .
a group of undercover police officers is to be investigated by the home office over claims they were unlawful .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo said he was ` ` shocked '' by his team - mate nico rosberg after a crash at the belgian grand prix .
scotland 's men 's cricket team are capable of reaching the world twenty20 , according to former captain lord coe .
guiseley secured their first national league win of the season with a 2 - 1 victory over guiseley .
scotland 's education secretary has launched a review of the quality of children with special educational needs in schools .
solihull moors have re - signed turkish striker emmanuel adebayo on loan until the end of the season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day lower , with shares in sainsbury 's .
police are investigating the deaths of two men who died in an explosion at a recycling plant in pembrokeshire .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- says he will not be suspended from all football - related activity .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector slowed in june , according to a closely - watched survey .
three men have been given the go - ahead for the first time in the european challenge cup .
the daily mail has apologised for posting a ` ` fake '' facebook message on the internet .
us president donald trump has told the bbc he will not be allowed to travel to the united states .
the church of england 's former bishop of west london has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the decision to leave the church .
tammy abraham scored a stoppage - time winner as bristol city came from behind to beat bristol city .
a moscow court has raided the headquarters of the country 's first anti - corruption agency .
burton albion moved up to second in the championship with victory over burton albion at the ricoh arena .
the european central bank -lrb- bond -rrb- has cut interest rates for the first time since the us election .
a company has apologised after a phone scam involving about # 2,000 was scammed .
leicester city have completed the signing of algeria international mohamed salah on a three - year deal from french ligue 1 side lille .
the mother of a girl who was killed in the manchester arena attack has paid tribute to her daughter .
the men 's hockey team are hoping for a place in the women 's rugby world cup .
a company boss has been found guilty of causing the death of a worker who had acid thrown at him .
manchester city moved up to fourth in the premier league with a comfortable win over bournemouth at etihad stadium .
britain 's chris froome will take a one - shot lead into the final stage of the tour de france .
it 's a time of year and you 'll find out why you ' ve been using your hairdresser .
demolition work has begun on the site of a derelict building in carmarthenshire which has closed .
a man who killed his six - month - old daughter has been jailed for life for her murder .
the family of a woman who has been missing for more than two years say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the decision to leave the uk .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why some of nigeria 's worst schools in the world are under threat .
newport county have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for violent conduct during saturday 's fa cup semi - final at wembley .
a new study suggests the use of hiv - related blood cells could help prevent the spread of hiv .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' that russian athletes are banned from competing at the rio olympics .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are among the biggest names in the world 's sporting history .
the family of a couple who were attacked by a gang of men in east london have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
the number of new affordable homes in wales has risen by more than half a million , according to a new report .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in south lanarkshire .
canadian police are investigating whether a canadian police helicopter pilot should be banned from using a helicopter because of safety concerns .
the supreme court has ruled that a man should be allowed to go to court in england and wales to appeal against his conviction .
lancashire kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals alive with a five - wicket win over hampshire .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in dundee .
a 24-hour strike by drivers on the luas tram system in dublin has been called off .
england women 's super league one club manchester city women have confirmed they will join paris st - germain .
a murder investigation has begun after the body of a man was found at a house in south lanarkshire .
bolivia 's president evo morales has said he will not stand for re - election if he loses elections .
google has launched a competition to create a ` ` virtual reality '' -lrb- ait -rrb- in space .
the head teacher of a birmingham school has been found guilty of making indecent images of children .
` ` it 's a little bit of something that 's not easy , '' says jane austen .
-lrb- close -rrb- : south africa 's main share index closed lower on wednesday , boosted by strong economic growth .
the scottish professional football league -lrb- hial -rrb- says it is ` ` very difficult '' to attract new players to scottish clubs .
ronald koeman is set to become southampton 's new manager on a three - year deal , the club have confirmed .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder after a woman was found dead at a flat in dundee .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud eu bod wedi dweud bod yn cael ei gyfer yng nghymru .
the owner of a dog has called for tougher measures to prevent the death of its pets , saying it is dangerous .
a haul of gold coins found in a county antrim farm could be worth up to # 20,000 .
rangers manager pedro caixinha says he wants to stay at ibrox until the end of the season .
benedict cumberbatch has apologised for saying he does n't ` ` do n't know '' about diversity .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the irish open .
scotland 's men 's hockey team will compete in the hockey world league semi - finals .
fifa president sepp blatter says he is ` ` shocked '' by allegations of corruption in football .
jessica ennis - hill has become the first woman to be born in the uk , but she was n't expecting her newborn baby .
a report into the sinking of a fishing boat off the western isles has concluded that two men died .
fake news stories about kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta 's election have been found , a survey suggests .
great britain 's women 's hockey team have secured a place in the hockey world league semi - finals .
dundee united have completed the signing of defender gordon strachan from scottish premiership side st johnstone for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was shot dead in a lake in finland .
afghan security forces have sacked the head of the country 's police and security services , the bbc has learned .
a pedestrian has died after being hit by a car in south yorkshire , police have said , on sunday .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car .
the football association wants wales to ban poppies on poppies during the world cup qualifier against norway .
plaid cymru 's leader leanne wood has said the party needs to ` ` get more money '' in the general election .
togo coach emmanuel adebayor has retired from international football after the death of his brother emmanuel .
england 's women beat australia by eight wickets in the one - day cup semi - finals .
a five - year - old boy has told a court he was attacked by a tiger in southern india .
plans to remove offshore wind farms in moray have been approved by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
golden state warriors beat cleveland cavaliers 2 - 0 to win the nba finals for the second time in a row .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in the western indian city of tamil nadu .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in birmingham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the moment .
the leader of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the terror attack in london .
a primary school head teacher has been suspended from his duties after being found guilty of possessing illegal immigrants .
qpr have appointed former qpr boss mamelodi zamal as their new head coach .
the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in northern ireland has risen by almost a third in the past five years , according to a new report .
ben stokes hit a hat - trick as west indies beat west indies by seven wickets in their opening match of the world twenty20 .
glamorgan director of cricket steve mowbrall says the county will not be able to play in the county championship this season .
` ` it was n't easy , '' says sian pur , who was born with her mother in sweden .
the department for health and social care in northern ireland is to receive # 1bn of funding from the stormont executive .
northern ireland 's largest teaching union has appointed an independent panel to examine the impact of a catholic school in belfast .
scientists say they have found a new way to diagnose skin cancer , which could help them recover from skin cancer .
mae heddlu gogledd wedi dweud bod cymru wedi dweud eu bod yn dilyn gyfrifol .
junior doctors in england are facing a ` ` long - running dispute '' over their contracts , the head of the government has said .
a woman died after being hit by a lorry in newport , an inquest has heard , after an inquest heard .
a 25-year - old man has died following a two - vehicle crash in aberdeenshire .
britain 's jack laugher won bronze in the men 's synchronised 10 m platform final at the european diving championships .
a cat has died in a suspected ` ` potentially deadly '' fire in carmarthenshire .
plans to build a new railway station in cardiff bay have been approved by the city 's council .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has apologised after a video emerged showing a woman being raped .
reading university has been awarded a # 3.5 m study to help develop a new type of smartphones .
radioactive waste has been found at a recycling plant in cumbria , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said .
a lancashire mental health trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday , with investors cautious ahead of the us federal reserve 's latest meeting .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud eu bod wedi dweud bod yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
ethiopia won the men 's 4x100 m relay title with victory in the women 's london marathon .
derby county midfielder joe keegan has signed a new one - year contract with the premier league club .
the family of a woman murdered in mauritius have paid tribute to her ` ` beautiful son '' who died in mauritius .
scotland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the snp 's plans for a second independence referendum .
scientists say they have found a new species of water from the indian ocean , which could increase the number of species .
st johnstone came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
a new mural of rolf harris is to be erected in australia to mark his 90th birthday by his son .
the european space agency 's comet lander has said it is ` ` very important '' that europe 's rosetta probe .
russia 's national security agency says it is concerned that the country 's top security agency has banned foreign organisations .
northern ireland 's enterprise minister has announced plans to invest # 1.5 m in northern ireland .
iraqi government forces have recaptured the city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the city 's defence ministry says .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in bath , police said .
a group of wild deer have been caught in the wild in the south west of england for the first time .
when atletico madrid beat atletico madrid in the champions league final on sunday , there is a sense of shock .
the uk 's competition watchdog is set to set up a legal challenge to the merger of bt and bt .
an 18-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she will not vote for the party 's leadership .
a man who was nominated for the 2015 bbc cymru wales sports personality of the year has been announced .
scotland 's men 's team have been named in the great britain team for the rio olympics .
manchester city boss pep guardiola is expected to return to action after suffering a suspected gun injury .
three tonnes of rubbish have been found dumped in birmingham .   's m4 motorway .   's day
prince harry has said he is ` ` sad '' to speak about hiv - positive .
a woman who died in a bus crash in west yorkshire has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to her death .
a mental health trust has apologised after a ` ` deplorable '' advert was removed .
actress angelina jolie is to star in a new play about emma watson 's children 's life .
baltimore 's police chief has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the city 's police and crime commissioner has resigned .
hillary clinton 's campaign is under way for the democratic nomination -lrb- bernie sanders -rrb- , but hillary clinton is n't the campaign trail .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the world rugby sevens suffered a shock defeat by japan .
a canadian woman has won a lottery award for her daughter 's wedding in the city of hawaii .
northern ireland water is facing a legal challenge over the amount of water bills in the republic of ireland .
the us box office has broken the record for the fastest - growing film in the world of the year .
mario balotelli has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club , keeping him at manchester city until 2020 .
street lights have been installed on a lincolnshire church for the first time since the floods of the year .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has unveiled a new version of the earth 's space telescope .
new guidelines for sex offenders in england and wales have come into force in a bid to get tougher sentences .
swansea city reached the efl cup quarter - finals with a comfortable win over west brom .
arsenal manager aitor karanka says he will not be able to play in the euro 2016 quarter - finals .
researchers at the university of leeds say they have developed a 3d printer that can make it easier for patients .
ben carson , the former governor of new york , is the man behind the murder of former us secretary of state ben carson .
the bishop of rotherham has apologised to a priest accused of sexually abusing two boys .
the eu and the eu have agreed a deal on the migrant crisis in northern europe , as the uk prepares to leave the european union .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of falluja are reported to have been killed , the government says .
southern rail workers are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over safety and safety .
a council 's chief executive has been suspended over allegations of indecent images of child sexual exploitation .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has pledged to help refugees fleeing the migrant crisis in europe .
the family of a man shot dead by a gunman in the us state of virginia say they are ` ` devastated '' .
the january transfer window is under way in the scottish premiership this season , and it 's a summer of time .
theresa may is heading to the polls for the first time since the general election , but there is no doubt that her party will be heading to westminster .
anthony taylor says he is ` ` ready '' to defend his ibf super - middleweight title in glasgow .
a neo - nazi man has been arrested in austria after posting pictures of adolf hitler 's face on facebook .
one of the world 's most famous landmarks has been recreated in brighton for the first time in its history .
it is one of the world 's best - known cities in the world , and it 's been a dream come true .
a man has been found guilty of historical sex offences against boys at a nottingham children 's home .
an engineering firm has submitted plans for a # 100 m expansion of a former factory in flintshire .
there 's a lot of discussion about the future of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's party .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car in south london .
a primary school in the us state of texas has been granted permission to attend a polling station in florida .
the government 's cyber - attack has been hacked by hackers , a security firm has warned .
egypt 's military says it is investigating alleged links to the us - based security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
two northern ireland primary schools are to stage a two - day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the drilling rig transocean winner is to be removed from a drilling rig in the western isles .
ireland coach joe schmidt says his side 's six nations defeat by argentina was ` ` embarrassing '' .
burton albion have re - signed midfielder george clough on loan from burton albion until the end of the season .
` ` i ' ve been a football fan , '' says salford red devils owner marwan koukash .
work is under way on a railway line in north yorkshire after a landslip was brought into place .
the number of gcse results in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to official figures .
boris johnson 's campaign for the uk to leave the european union is under way , with the prime minister saying : ` ` there is a lot of euros '' .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has said he will not stand for a third term in office .
` ` i am n't know what 's going to be my favourite sheep . ''
star wars : the force awakens has won this year 's golden globe awards for best film .
fenerbahce have completed the signing of turkish striker cheikhou kouyy from turkish side fenerbahce .
jeremy corbyn has accused labour of ` ` failings '' in his bid to win the general election .
a man 's body has been recovered from the sea off the devon coast , police have said .
scientists say they have found a new way to stem stem cells in the laboratory 's cells cells .
northampton saints fly - half dan foden says he is looking forward to playing for england in the six nations .
league one side oldham athletic have signed brighton & hove albion midfielder harry robinson on loan until the end of the season .
preston stretched their unbeaten start to the championship season to five games as they beat nottingham forest in the championship .
former fifa president sepp blatter has said he will appeal against his conviction for match - fixing .
hundreds of homes were evacuated after a burst water main burst into the river thames in south - east london .
a man has died after being hit by a tree in south - east london , police have said .
the mother of a woman who was convicted of murdering her sister has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the number of complaints about stalking .
iran has expressed concern over its military presence in syria in the wake of the country 's deadly clashes in syria .
leicester city fans have been warned to be vigilant after fans threw flares during the champions league final .
a dog has become the first in the uk to fly around the world to the uk for the first time .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over sunderland .
a woman with a brain tumour has become the first woman in the history of the royal society .
breast implants are to be fitted with breast implants in the uk , the government has announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
police are hunting a man who robbed a tesco supermarket and robbed him in a ` ` terrifying ordeal '' .
a video of a truck that crashed into a truck in southern china has been released by local media .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have attended a service to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a man who stabbed his mother to death has been jailed for life for the murder of his daughter .
europe 's ryder cup team will be looking forward to the outcome of this week 's european championship .
a man has been jailed for two years for attempting to smuggle two children into a primary school .
the uk 's largest nuclear power station in hinkley point has been given the go - ahead .
dagenham & redbridge came from behind to beat dagenham and move into the national league relegation zone .
gareth bale has been named in the wales squad for the 2017 africa cup of nations after a 2 - 0 defeat by portugal .
turkey 's parliament has approved a ban on women wearing headscarf and headscarves from wearing headscarves .
a horse had to be rescued by firefighters after it got stuck in a fall in the lake district .
a terminally ill man has described the moment he was able to walk his leg in his face .
scotland women 's euro 2017 qualifier against iceland is ` ` not good enough '' , says head coach anna signeul .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash in dublin .
two men had to be rescued after their car got into difficulty in a lake in manchester , police said .
david beckham says he wants to build a ` ` world cup '' for manchester united to expand the franchise .
a university in flintshire is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
celtic manager brendan rodgers is ` ` confident '' celtic will face rosenborg in the champions league quarter - finals .
the number of obese adults in the world has risen by more than a quarter of the population , a study suggests .
the duchess of cambridge has visited a school in edinburgh to raise money for a children 's charity .
a man who stole a pensioner 's pensioner during a robbery at her church has been arrested .
the father of a british man killed in the brussels attacks has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the attacks .
the owners of a torfaen colliery have been told they must pay # 1.5 m in compensation to the owners .
work has begun on a # 2.5 m flood protection scheme in the scottish borders to repair a main road .
` ` it 's impossible to go to the stage , '' says populism , who has n't been taking part in the festival .
bayern munich moved three points clear at the top of the bundesliga with a comfortable win over bayer leverkusen .
actor and actor philip peake is to make a new play about shakespeare 's ` ` great - grand '' , the bbc has announced .
police in ukraine say they have arrested two men suspected of carrying out attacks in the capital kiev on saturday .
former peterborough united and peterborough united footballer paul turner has died at the age of 85 .   's eve .
new zealand came from behind to beat new zealand and reach the quarter - finals of the world cup .
football league clubs could be allowed to play in england under plans being considered by the football association , says football association .
a man has gone on trial accused of attempting to murder a prison officer in west dunbartonshire .
polish prime minister mariano rajoy , who was killed in a plane crash in june 2014 , has died in hospital .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says the scottish cup semi - final between celtic and celtic will be a ` ` massive game '' .
us retailer amazon has filed a lawsuit against the company 's chief executive , eric pickles , over allegations he made racial discrimination against him .
as the new head of the tate modern , the bbc 's victoria azarenkae is looking forward to the future of the arts .
the number of murders in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to official figures .
more than 100 schools in new york have been evacuated because of a ` ` terrorist threat '' .
the us has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that russia will not be able to respond to the bombing of syria .
tens of thousands of people have marched in beijing to protest against the illegal use of dogs and dogs .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe midfielder liam bishop on a two - year deal . '
a care home in south lanarkshire has been temporarily closed because of concerns about the safety of residents .
a water main in the republic of ireland has been cancelled because of a water supply in county meath .
a paramedic has been struck off by a council 's disciplinary panel after a colleague complained about breastfeeding .
scientists say they have identified a new type of cancer that is the best way to develop a drug .
saracens director of rugby andy mccall says the premiership club will not be able to recover from concussion .
dumfries and galloway council 's annual annual report has revealed that the event was ` ` not acceptable '' .
a russian submarine has crashed off the coast of the mediterranean , the dutch defence ministry has told the bbc .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the best way in the world .
the us house of representatives has approved a new healthcare law that would allow women to run for the nhs .
england captain alastair cook says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's failure to win the first test against new zealand .
manchester united are close to agreeing a deal to sign midfielder ched evans from premier league rivals sunderland .
mae ' r heddlu gogledd wedi dweud bod wedi dweud ei garcharu am ddiweddaraf .
us carmaker general motors has said it plans to cut 1,000 jobs in south africa .
england 's chris kaymer is one shot off the lead after the second round of the european tour championship .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the police ombudsman was involved in the ira 's murder case .
the body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the devon coast , police have said .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in west sussex .
scotland 's first minister has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the oil and gas industry .
partick thistle manager brendan rodgers has been named manager of the scottish premiership 's top - flight side .
mexican authorities have arrested the brother of el chapo , one of the country 's most wanted drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman .
us president donald trump has cancelled an anti - racism rally in chicago after protesters clashed with protesters .
japan 's supreme court has ruled that a controversial nuclear power station at the fukushima daiichi power station is unconstitutional .
the uk 's intelligence service is ` ` not doing enough '' to recruit female recruits , mps have said .
south africa 's government is to introduce a minimum wage -lrb- nld -rrb- , according to a new report .
the family of a man shot dead in the head in west belfast have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the fatal shooting of a soldier .
northern ireland striker kyle lafferty says he is ` ` happy '' to sign a new celtic contract .
comedian russell brand has apologised after he posted a photo of him on social media about his phone .
couples in rome are being urged to take part in a bid to stop the ` ` blue lights '' of the city 's streets .
a man has been taken to hospital after a crash on the a9 in dumfries and galloway .
power has been restored to thousands of homes in a derbyshire town after a power cut caused power cuts .
somalia 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered a ban on foreign nationals living in the capital , mogadishu .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car .
ospreys moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over zebre .
barcelona boss luis enrique said his side 's 2 - 0 la liga defeat by barcelona was ` ` embarrassing '' .
an msp has called on the scottish government to introduce a ` ` bold approach '' to housing .
one of the world 's best - known scientists has unveiled a design for the first time .
an italian woman has apologised after a video posted on facebook that she posted a video of a young woman in the 1970s .
the prime minister has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk government will not be able to run the # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea .
two puppies have been stolen from a house in dumfries and galloway , police have said .
sale sharks scrum - half ruan pienaar has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
the iraqi city of falluja has been retaken by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the city of mosul .
celtic manager ronny deila says the club will not be able to reach the scottish cup semi - finals .
a man accused of sexually assaulting a fellow celebrity has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by a jury he had sex .
the eu 's top diplomat has said the uk should not be allowed to leave the european union .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has said he is ` ` outraged '' by his son , turkish media say .
when a powerful earthquake hit chile on friday , the bbc 's thomas coronel looks at the moment .
commons speaker john mills has been appointed as the new speaker of parliament , the house of commons has announced .
the oscar - winning film institute -lrb- bbl -rrb- has released its first film of the year .
ali carter says he has no regrets about returning from international football - but he does not know what he has done .
gateshead have signed midfielder george johnson on a two - year deal after his release by gateshead .
two major rail firms have been shortlisted to run rail services in the north of england and northern ireland .
ukraine 's prime minister viktor yanukovych has held talks with the eu , saying his country is ` ` in crisis '' .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in blackburn .
anti - government activists in russia 's north - eastern state of chechnya have sparked outrage after a video emerged showing the killing of a russian politician .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the bbc has confirmed it is investigating a series of live coverage of the bbc 's iplayer .
plans to build fracking in lancashire have been given the go - ahead by lancashire county council .
sadiq khan , the mayor of london , has become the first mayor in the uk to become london 's new mayor .
fleetwood town have signed midfielder liam burns on loan from premier league side fleetwood town until the end of the season .
storm desmond caused flooding and flooding in parts of county tyrone as storm imogen battered northern ireland and northern ireland .
us singer - songwriter amber heard has been found not guilty of stealing a car from a cinema .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after her car crashed into a tunnel in cardiff city centre .
a man has been given a suspended jail sentence after pleading guilty to animal cruelty towards animals in wales .
scotland 's first and deputy first ministers have arrived in the north of the country to visit the country .
` ` i do n't know that i ' m a man who was n't afraid of rage . ''
italy 's highest court has upheld a decision to pay compensation to the victims of the nepal earthquake .
a councillor has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be allowed to leave a beach in pembrokeshire .
andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the madrid open with a straight - set win over spain 's juan martin del potro .
coronation street 's governing body has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a report into the diversity of the children 's academy .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` jealous rage '' .
us consumer goods giant sharp has reported a fall in profits for the third quarter of the year , helped by a drop in sales .
the scottish writer and novelist and writer ada campbell have been awarded the freedom of the city of edinburgh .
maria sharapova has become the world 's first female member of the us , but she is not the best woman in the world .
scotland 's transport minister has called for the uk government to be given the go - ahead for devolution .
japan 's hideki matsuyama is one shot off the lead after the second round of the world golf championship in shanghai .
glasgow airport has apologised after a flight from amsterdam to paris was forced to fly to canada .
first minister carwyn jones has accused the welsh government of being ` ` bullied '' over cuts to public services .
a light aircraft has crashed in powys , killing two people , police have said , after a crash .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of his father - of - two .
it 's been a year since the death of a woman in birmingham , who has been in the uk .
a new mental health unit is to be launched in berkshire to help children with mental health problems and mental health issues .
the organisers of this year 's glastonbury festival have announced plans for a new festival .
an animal welfare charity has said he is ` ` devastated '' after being stabbed in a forest .
russian president vladimir putin has said he is ` ` confident '' that russia will not be able to address the crisis in crimea .
ireland have been knocked out of the women 's world cup after a 2 - 0 defeat by sri lanka in colombo .
india 's transport minister has apologised after a passenger was attacked by a passenger on board a flight .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has released images of the earth .
championship side dunfermline athletic have signed former northern ireland under-19 international patrick shiels .
a school in brighton has become the first in the uk to ban female pupils from wearing skirts , say organisers .
india 's parliament has approved a law banning the use of maps of the country 's maps .
a water main in a nottinghamshire town has reopened after a burst water main left it without water supplies .
olympic champion jessica ennis - hill says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the british athletics federation -lrb- iaaf -rrb- will not be able to build a new world record .
two men have been shot dead in switzerland in an attack on a factory in the capital , switzerland .
actor alan norris has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the national theatre 's lack of diversity .
former england and wales footballer barry brw has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by claims of historical sex abuse .
the leader of birmingham city council has been chosen as the new city council 's candidate for the city .
russian cyclist valentino quinta has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test in rio .
wycombe wanderers will become the first team to compete in the world cup for the first time in a decade .
the family of a man who drowned while on holiday in the isle of wight have paid tribute to him .
a girl from county down has been named the winner of this year 's bbc proms in belfast .
more than half of people in south africa will be able to get better access to their own life , say researchers .
` ` it 's going to be a local authority '' , but it is n't going to save it .
derbyshire have parted company with director of cricket doug bracewell after just three months in charge of the club .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died in a hit - and - run crash in south lanarkshire .
the european union has announced plans to cut mobile roaming charges in europe and the uk from next year .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` proud '' of his team 's ` ` best players '' .
police and crime commissioner nick clegg has been re - elected as cleveland 's new crime commissioner .
germany won the european under-20 championship for the first time since 2008 with a 2 - 0 victory over benfica in paris .
former world number one victoria azarenka has withdrawn from the us open because of a knee injury .
aston villa have been fined # 10,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
lance armstrong has become the first man to win the us tour de france , according to his former coach .
australian pm narendra modi has said he will not vote for same - sex marriage .
ospreys have signed fly - half greig laidlaw on a two - year deal .
one of the world 's most famous landmarks has been given the go - ahead by the national trust .
spain 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the second round of the dubai desert classic .
a yacht has been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty off the coast of larne , county antrim .
the us supreme court has rejected apple 's appeal against the use of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the gambia has accused the country of being ` ` shocked '' by the country 's independence .
a chinese court has fined a chinese - based chinese firm for illegally using nuclear submarines to china .
crystal palace have signed striker christian benteke from aston villa on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
it 's been a year since the start of this year 's olympics , and it 's the biggest day of 2017 .
a school teacher who sexually assaulted two teenage girls has been given a suspended jail sentence for sex offences .
scottish football league clubs have recorded a record number of tickets for the first time in more than a decade .
a police officer has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the force 's handling of a stolen car .
north korea has become the world 's most endangered species , according to a new report by the united nations .
there 's a significant increase in the number of people diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease in england .
a new bridge has opened in hong kong to mark the 150th anniversary of the sinking of a crane .
thousands of people have attended a vigil in cardiff to remember the victims of the paris attacks . '
ulster moved top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons .
fabio capello has resigned as coach of russia after failing to agree a deal with the national team .
an egyptian court has acquitted the former leader of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in egypt .
a new film has been launched to mark the 150th anniversary of the edinburgh film festival 's success .
hundreds of postal workers in the uk are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and pensions .
ukraine says it is ` ` very concerned '' that a ceasefire in eastern ukraine has been lifted .
the general election is set to be held on 8 june , with the welsh assembly set to go until the next general election .
portugal , portugal and portugal are among the best names in the euro 2016 song contest , according to the city 's governing body .
` ` it 's not easy to be a journalist , '' says germany 's interior minister .
two men have been jailed for their part in a ` ` frenzied '' scam .
supermarket chain sainsbury 's has accused the uk of ` ` challenging '' the european union over brexit .
one of the world 's best - known rock stars has set a new world record .
a petition calling for a council to increase the number of elected mayors in somerset has been backed by the government .
a charity which closed a children 's charity for young people with learning disabilities has reopened after its closure .
health and social care services in north wales are to be cut by the welsh government , the health secretary has said .
scotland 's justice secretary has announced plans to install mobile phones in a bid to tackle the use of mobile phones .
crusaders came from behind to beat dungannon swifts and move into the top four of the irish premiership table .
relatives of soldiers who died in world war one have been told they are ` ` devastated '' by the discovery of their bodies .
a british couple have been killed in a head - on crash in morocco , the foreign office has confirmed .
schools in england are to be trained to take part in school exams in a bid to tackle the problem .
great britain 's women 's wheelchair basketball team have secured a place in the rio 2016 olympics .
david cameron has been praised by the prime minister after a video emerged of his ` ` catwalk '' .
mansfield came from behind to beat 10-man morecambe and move into the league two play - off places .
new zealand came from behind to beat new zealand in the opening match of the 2017 rugby world cup .
workers at avon and bristol 's port talbot plant have been told they will no longer be prosecuted .
there 's a big issue in the uk , but many of the uk 's biggest banks are n't doing enough .
adolf hitler 's mein kampf has become the first in germany to remove a copy of the nazi book .
scotland 's top rugby union chief says the country 's rugby union -lrb- wrc -rrb- is ` ` not acceptable '' .
the head of the us - led coalition fighting the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in syria has told the bbc he wants to ` ` step down '' its policy .
a man has been jailed for the murder of a man whose body was found in his flat . '
great britain 's eilidh doyle will compete in the european indoor championships in belgrade this summer .
dame judi dench has said she is ` ` disappointed '' she will not be able to return to the uk .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has extended his contract until the end of the 2017 - 18 season .
at least nine people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a powerful earthquake struck japan 's capital , tokyo .
a local authority has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a village could be named after its name .
scientists have identified a new type of carbon dioxide -lrb- corb -rrb- .
scientists say they have found a way to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes in mice , in the us .
the number of people in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in a year , according to the bank of england .
belfast city council has approved plans for a # 2.5 m development on the city 's waterfront .
a man accused of murdering a vulnerable woman has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' by her death .
a former hospital boss has pleaded not guilty to fraud and money laundering charges , the bbc has learned .
rhondda cynon taff has been forced to return to the commonwealth games for the first time .
canadian singer justin bieber has been found guilty of assaulting his ex - girlfriend in los angeles .
the cost of the m4 relief road in wales has risen by more than # 1.5 bn , according to a think tank .
a man who died after being hit by a car in stoke - on - trent has been named .
a london mayor accused of electoral fraud and electoral fraud has told a court he is ` ` devastated '' by the electoral commission .
the football association -lrb- rfs -rrb- has announced it is the first in the uk to live in football .
an attack on a hotel in birmingham was caused by a van carrying out a night out , police have said .
a hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
dog owners are being urged to keep their pets at risk because of a shortage of beds , doctors say .
motherwell manager mark mcghee has postponed the scottish cup quarter - final with motherwell .
the rspca has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the dangers of dogs .
leicester tigers will not be able to play in the super rugby football league next season , the rugby football union has announced .
bank of england governor mark carney has said the uk 's economy will be ` ` disastrous '' .
norwich city have re - signed norwich city midfielder george maddison on loan until the end of the season .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has said it will invest $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- in fossil fuels .
ireland secured a place in the hockey world league semi - finals with a 2 - 1 victory over germany in dublin .
the company behind the troubled us air force -lrb- psa -rrb- has launched a new nuclear submarine .
motherwell have completed the signing of midfielder charlie adams from norwich city on a three - year deal .
a ` ` jungle '' camp in weston - super - mare is to be restored to the public .
a post - mortem examination has found that a woman died after falling into a curry , an inquest heard .
the alliance trust has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its chief executive will not be able to take control of the company .
celtic 's europa league campaign starts on saturday with a trip to feyenoord , but the scottish premiership 's top - six clubs are looking forward .
france 's environment minister has said she is ` ` devastated '' by pollution caused by air pollution .
middlesbrough extended their lead at the top of the championship to five points with a hard - fought victory at middlesbrough .
jenson button says he wants to race in formula 1 for the next two years , as he prepares to return to formula 1 .
samsung electronics has agreed to buy a majority stake in its us rival chevron in a deal worth $ 2bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2bn -rrb- .
a pembrokeshire council has been ordered to pay # 100,000 in compensation to two senior officers .
dogs are more likely to be linked to the spread of ` ` invasive behaviour '' , a study suggests .
two men have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a glasgow street .
a memorial has been unveiled in liverpool to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the battle of the nazi occupation .
the iaaf has terminated its sponsorship deal with the sport 's governing body , the world anti - doping agency -lrb- iaaf -rrb- .
crewe alexandra manager steve davis says the league one club have ` ` significantly improved '' the club .
a town has been officially opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years after it opened .
andy murray is one of the most successful players in the world , but he is not sure he is .
social care services in wales could be ` ` disastrous '' , the welsh government 's leader has said .
a mobile app that allows people to access their mobile phones has been developed by the bbc in dundee .
the european space agency 's new aircraft -lrb- fn -rrb- , the world 's most famous aircraft , has a long - awaited debate .
northern ireland 's first high court judge has failed in a bid to overturn a planning ban .
alastair cook said he was ` ` proud '' of england 's batting as they beat pakistan in the third test .
coventry city 's premier league match against crawley has been called off by the football association -lrb- efl -rrb- .
defending champions clermont auvergne came from behind to beat clermont auvergne in the european champions cup .
a cargo ship is set to become the first ship in the uk to fly from southampton to china .
a pilot has won a high court battle over a plane 's use of flight paths to the us .
the man accused of murdering milly dowler has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by his ex - girlfriend .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a british backpacker in sydney .
the number of people in wales has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , a charity has warned .
former scotland captain neil lennon believes gordon strachan should be given the chance to play for scotland .
republican front - runner donald trump has accused donald trump of ` ` disrespectful '' remarks about the republican party .
russian president vladimir putin has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not be able to enter the country .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in west lothian .
conservationists are being urged to take action to protect wild animals from the uk 's wild animals .
the family of a schoolgirl killed in a crash in county tyrone have said they are ` ` devastated '' that the road was removed .
the government has pledged to cut the cost of sugary drinks in england , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
police forces in england and wales have seized cannabis with an estimated street value of # 3.5 m , according to a report .
a new runway at glasgow airport is to be shut until the end of the year , it has been announced .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says he will not be able to play in the scottish cup semi - finals .
the story of jk rowling 's children 's home in dumfries is to be demolished .
the 2017 africa cup of nations will be broadcast live on bbc sport on friday , 5 august . '
st mirren have appointed former scotland under-21 midfielder craig strachan as their new manager .
an independent review is to be carried out by the scottish government over the funding of student loans in scotland .
a ` ` lack of progress '' is needed to improve the number of people living in the countryside , a councillor has said .
sadiq khan , who was killed by a suicide bomber in london 's capital , was the victim of the london bombings .
the co - leader of orkney council has been named as the new leader of the highland council .
a 25-year - old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in glasgow .
the bishop of gloucester has been sworn in as the church of england 's first female bishop of bristol .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` proud '' of the scottish government 's education system .
an inquiry into the sinking of a cruise ship in london has found that a boat carrying more than 100 passengers had been involved .
olympic gold medal - winning olympic champion and olympic champion steve davis has died at the age of 90 .
youtube has launched a crackdown on the sale of video - sharing content in a bid to curb the problem .
a new zealand man has died after falling from a balcony on a balcony in new zealand , police say .
austria has said it will block the number of migrants seeking asylum in the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
swansea city council has approved plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the city .
england 's charley hull shot a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the masters .
the green party in wales has announced plans to create 1,000 new homes in the city .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has accused turkey of trying to smuggle turkish oil into turkey .
the lib dems have rejected a call by the lib dem to end austerity measures .
a 16-year - old boy was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked by a train .
a group of swans have taken part in a charity challenge to raise money for the world 's largest ever recorded .
neymar 's son neymar has been found guilty of tax fraud and money laundering .
the european union has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that the uk will not be able to respond to the migrant crisis .
the founder of the so - called ` ` softbank '' movement has announced he is stepping down .
a plane carrying a passenger on board a plane bound for scotland has been diverted to the scottish island .
libya 's parliament has rejected a proposal by the un 's parliament to allow the country 's prime minister to leave the country .
china 's stock market has been suspended amid fears that the country 's currency may be affected .
a former us college lecturer has written to the attorney general asking him to give evidence to the us government .
-lrb- close -rrb- : oil prices fell sharply in the second quarter of the year as oil prices continued to fall .
us house speaker paul ryan has said the house of representatives will vote against donald trump 's healthcare bill .
the former head of the us college of defence -lrb- psni -rrb- has written to the attorney general asking for information about the ira 's killers .
in the centre of york , the city of london is the world 's most famous art art project .
premier league leaders chelsea and manchester united are on course to win the premier league title , says manager antonio conte .
british number one johanna konta has been named in the northern ireland open for next month 's aegon classic .
saracens prop heather watson has been given a two - match ban by the rugby football union .
notts county forward mel mellor has signed a new contract with the women 's super league club .
the us says it is ` ` very concerned '' that syria 's government has not been affected by the conflict in aleppo .
two men have been arrested after a gang of masked men armed with a hammer during a robbery in west belfast .
jockey ap mccoy won the women 's race for the second time in a row with victory in the champion chase at cheltenham .
a new york street street has been set up for the first time in more than a decade after leaving the country .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru yng nghaerdydd .
kidderminster harriers boss gordon strachan says the national league club 's bottom club will be ` ` very difficult '' .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman 's body was found in a flat in west belfast .
turkey says it has identified the father of a man suspected of involvement in the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- bombing in northern syria .
a british soldier accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend has told a court she was ` ` too scared '' to kill her .
a california university student has won the right to introduce a student 's ban on students from school .
ross county have signed ross county midfielder liam o'brien on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
celtic striker moussa dembele said he was ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's failure to reach the scottish cup final .
ukraine 's parliament has approved a deal to end the country 's long - term political crisis .
labour leader ed miliband has said he was ` ` shocked '' by his party 's defeat in the general election .
a man has been charged with murder after the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
a group of gay men in england and wales have been banned from donating blood to gay men .
swansea city head coach paul clement says he wants to stay with the premier league club until the end of the season .
more than half of people in england are being tested for hiv in the last five years , councils say .
the aurora borealis -lrb- lhc -rrb- is one of the world 's most famous landmarks , according to scientists .
thousands of people who have died from cancer are to receive compensation from the government , the government has announced .
a woman has died in a crash with a lorry in gwynedd , police have said .
britain 's kyle edmund reached the semi - finals of the monte carlo masters with a straight - set win over belgium 's david ferrer .
rail passengers have been warned to expect disruption to their journeys as part of a major landslip in cumbria .
a suicide bomber has blown himself up on a plane in somalia 's capital , mogadishu .
a judge has launched a legal challenge to the death of a man who died in prison in kent .
plans to erect a statue of david bowie 's david bowie statue have been backed by the council .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of heavy rain in scotland .
the number of people living in the north of england has risen by a third in a row over christmas .
glasgow school of art -lrb- gst -rrb- has been chosen as the new city of glasgow .
a memorial service is to be held in bristol for the first time in the city 's history .
everton secured a place in the europa league quarter - finals with a comfortable win over west ham .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he is ` ` disappointed '' with the club 's owners .
the number of hiv - resistant hiv - positive hiv patients in the south east has risen by almost a third in a decade .
nico rosberg , the world 's biggest business , has reported a 15 % fall in annual profits .
a welsh labour councillor has been suspended by a welsh council after he was accused of making racist comments .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the government 's claim to pay $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- to somalia 's civil war .
a man 's body has been found in a house fire in moray , police have said .
northern ireland 's martyn irvine has been named sports personality of the year at the bbc sports personality awards .
an indian woman has been stabbed to death in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh , police say .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria have recaptured the ancient city of palmyra , activists say .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of highland council 's historic fort fort fort in the highlands .
super league side salford red devils have re - signed hull kr forward rangi chase for an undisclosed fee .
england 's laura massaro is through to the semi - finals of the women 's world squash championship in birmingham .
us president barack obama has called for an inquiry into the shooting of a black teenager in ferguson , missouri .
lancashire director of cricket giles giles says his side 's t20 blast quarter - final win over zimbabwe is a ` ` huge problem '' .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused republican presidential hopeful donald trump of ` ` hatred '' .
dna testing is to be used to identify the genetic code of dna that can identify people with diabetes .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the giro d'italia to 15 seconds after a sprint finish .
kilmarnock have appointed former kilmarnock manager lee johnston as the club 's new manager .
ex - england footballer adam johnson has said he is ` ` appalled '' by allegations of historical child abuse in football .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this summer .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was injured in a disturbance in glasgow .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend to death has been given a suspended sentence .
dumfries and galloway council has said it is ` ` not good enough '' to meet the cost of broadband .
oil giant royal dutch shell has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of drilling in the arctic .
aberdeen secured a place in the europa league play - off semi - finals with a 2 - 0 win over aberdeen .
a mother has said she is ` ` disappointed '' she will not be reunited with her daughter after she was left stranded in nepal .
arsenal striker zlatan ibrahimovic says he wants to leave paris st - germain if he is to leave the club .
the death of a patient at a denbighshire hospital was ` ` inadequate '' , a report has found .
shrewsbury moved into the league one play - off places with victory at shrewsbury , who remain bottom of the table .
england under-20s reached the semi - finals of the under-20 world cup with a 3 - 0 win over uruguay in the final .
a new york man has been shot dead in the us state of new york , state media report .
a new scheme to help young people with learning disabilities is to be launched in denbighshire .
the former archbishop of wales has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision to grant gay marriage .
premier league champions leicester city have appointed former chelsea boss aitor karanka as their new head coach .
a sewage spillage has been removed from a norfolk beach after a ` ` devastating '' infection .
thousands of farmers have attended a rally in the scottish borders to protest against the government 's welfare reform .
a police officer has been urged to stop officers travelling to edinburgh and inverness after a gun was stopped by officers .
league one side gillingham have signed chelsea midfielder jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
people with mental health problems are being urged to take part in a campaign to save money from the bbc .
a man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of cornwall , police have said .
china 's prime minister shinzo abe has become the country 's central bank governor , but he does n't have a lot of attention .
president donald trump 's climate change adviser has warned that the us should not be able to access climate change .
boris johnson has told the bbc he will not be able to travel to the uk after the us election .
us singer - songwriter ed sheeran has become the first person to go to the station .
spain 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the second round of the abu dhabi championship .
the us senate has voted in favour of discrimination against disabled people in the nation 's civil war .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has been awarded the nobel peace prize for peace in the country .
a man has been arrested after police found a tractor on a dual carriageway in a village in harrogate .
welsh cyclist owain king says she is ` ` confident '' of competing at the uci track cycling world championships .
alviro petersen and alviro petersen helped lancashire to a draw against derbyshire at the oval .
the czech league 's top - flight side would be a ` ` great opportunity '' for the czech republic , according to the czech football federation .
gareth bale scored a hat - trick as wales beat moldova 2 - 0 to reach the last 16 of euro 2016 .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says he will be given a chance to play in the champions league next season .
john sheridan scored his first goal of the season as newport county came from behind to beat newport county .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that children in kent have been forced to leave .
australia 's government has agreed to pay compensation to asylum seekers who were held in papua new guinea .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he is ` ` disappointed '' his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by fulham .
a new beach is to be built on the isle of wight as part of a # 3.5 m revamp .
a 15-year - old boy has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being attacked in essex .
a woman has died in a two - vehicle crash on the outskirts of belfast , police have said .
kent director of cricket andrew kennedy says he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not return to the county .
the former chief constable of greater manchester police and crime commissioner -lrb- afd -rrb- has resigned .
libya 's prime minister has resigned from his cabinet after a row over his government 's resignation .
the bbc has been accused of stealing millions of customers ' personal data from the company 's personal data .
the us and russia have agreed to resume air strikes on rebel - held eastern aleppo , the us military says .
the parents of a boy who died in an earthquake in county fermanagh have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
dundee united 's owner has told the club 's board that the club can not afford to spend # 1.5 m on the pitch .
the head of the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- has criticised the country 's decision to remove a flag from the rio olympics .
hundreds of people have marched through flintshire to protest against plans to close a hospital 's ward .
a woman has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman in a car crash in north lanarkshire .
manchester united have completed the signing of defender anthony o'connell from middlesbrough for an undisclosed fee .
saracens reached the european champions cup quarter - finals with a hard - fought win over saracens .
an award - winning novel by a welsh writer has won a prestigious literary award for the first time .
brighton came from behind to beat championship side brighton and reach the third round of the efl cup .
ukip has won the welsh assembly by - election , taking place in gwynedd on 8 june .
a service has been held in cardiff to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of world war one .
arsenal came from behind to beat burnley and reach the fa cup quarter - finals for the first time .
the pilot of a syrian pilot who was killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria has released a video showing him being released .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m synchronised 10 m synchronised 3 m synchronised 4x400 m synchronised 3 m springboard event has been named .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has launched its first space mission .
mozambique is one of the most important countries in the world , but the country 's poorest islands are still in the country .
the number of asylum seekers in germany has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to a new report .
a soldier has been killed in an explosion in afghanistan , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has confirmed .
a new railway line is set to be built in dumfries and galloway as part of a major upgrade .
the us state of baltimore has declared a state of emergency after the death of a black man in custody .
the number of people living in the housing market in london has more than doubled in the past five years , a charity has said .
northern ireland 's jamie donaldson missed out on a place at the european open after a second - round 69 at dundonald links .
a british airways flight from montreal to canada to canada was delayed because he was unable to fly to canada .
nintendo has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first quarter of the year , helped by strong sales of its nintendo console .
a holyrood committee has recommended the scottish government 's plans to close all primary schools in the borders .
the number of nurses working in london 's hospitals is at risk of a shortage of nurses , a union has warned .
three people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , after a passenger plane crashed on sunday .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the french open with a straight - set win over france 's zhang shuai .
a book about a couple 's book has been posted online for the second time in a row .
national league side braintree town have signed midfielder liam bell on loan until the end of the season .
former chelsea and manchester united striker leblack has told the bbc that the club 's right - wing ex - england striker is gay .
dog owners have been urged to consider their views on their pets as part of a public inquiry into litter .
pope francis has apologised for selling a roman catholic nun to the vatican , saying he was ` ` bullied '' .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant al - qaeda has been killed in syria , the pentagon says .
wales under-20s centre mark hughes has signed a new two - year contract with scarlets .
britain 's jessica ennis - hill has been banned for two years after testing positive for doping .
the russian government has said it is ` ` appalled '' by reports of gay and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- .
hundreds of people have gathered in swansea to protest against the mother of a baby who was breastfeeding her baby .
british carmaker daimler has said it expects to increase its number of new cars in china and china .
wales captain sam warburton says he is ` ` devastated '' by the absence of sam warburton .
former world number one mark milk says he is ` ` devastated '' after losing 6 - 3 to world number two mark hughes .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc children 's book of the year award has been announced .
lord coe , who has died at the age of 74 , was a member of the british athletics federation .
sir nicholas winton was one of britain 's best - known families of refugees who fled the european union .
sebastian vettel 's victory in the bahrain grand prix is the best man in the world to win the world grand prix .
nobel laureate sir tim peake has apologised for saying he ` ` felt like a woman '' .
drivers who use mobile phones should be banned from using mobile phones while driving , a charity has said .
the number of staff at queen 's university in belfast has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a survey .
protesters in the indian capital , delhi , have clashed with police in the capital delhi , with rioting .
the international ice hockey federation -lrb- ioc -rrb- is to be named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
a large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in bristol , prompting a evacuation of the city .
scientists say they have found a new drug that could help diagnose women 's immune system .
junior doctors in england are calling for a change in the contract of junior doctors ' contracts , after a row over their contracts .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the bbc 's coverage of the country 's presidential election .
northern ireland 's supreme court has ruled that the introduction of abortion in the republic of ireland is ` ` very important '' .
a collection of letters from the prince of wales , sir kenneth branson , are being sold at auction .
inverness caledonian thistle prop pav pavey has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
bolton moved up to second in the championship with victory over birmingham city at the kassam stadium .
a black bear has been stopped in belgium after being stopped by police in belgium , the bbc has learned .
bt 's owners have said they are ` ` concerned '' about the closure of a holiday park in suffolk .
coventry city council has said it has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the number of syrian refugees arriving in the uk .
ukip leader nigel farage has told the bbc he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to leaving the eu .
two police officers have been injured after an incident involving a car and a police officer in gwynedd .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car while walking on a dual carriageway .
steve bruce 's second - half equaliser earned aston villa a draw against newcastle in the championship .
a service to commemorate world war two veterans who lost their lives during world war one has been held in lincolnshire .
macclesfield moved up to second in the national league with victory over macclesfield at moss rose .
a cat has been charged with two counts of dangerous driving after a cat was shot in the head .
a former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences , the bbc has learned .
previews for the weekend 's premier league games this season , and previews for this weekend 's games .
the commonwealth games will be held in belfast later this year , organisers have confirmed .   's commonwealth games .
a 25-year - old man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being attacked in coleraine , county antrim .
aberdeen have signed goalkeeper jack smith from dundee united for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that the stormont executive 's decision to leave the european union .
west ham striker andy carroll will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , says manager slaven bilic .
the scottish housing market is set to rise by 1 % in the next three years , according to a think tank .
singer - songwriter amy winehouse has been given an honorary degree by the university of southampton .
olympic silver medallist sam smith has announced he will retire from international competition at the 2018 commonwealth games in south africa .
scientists say they have developed a project that aims to improve the world 's best - loved landscape .
police have said they are ` ` devastated '' after a spate of vandalism at a house in cardiff .
the life of a man who died at the heart of cambridge is to be celebrated with a blue plaque .
a new project has been launched to help restore stonehenge 's stonehenge to the land .
a man who raped a woman in her home in south london has been jailed for 12-and - a - half years .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in grimsby .
actor peter capaldi has died at the age of 89 , his agent has announced .   's death .
coronation street is to become the first in the uk to introduce a ` ` smart '' car park .
dundee united 's sacking of manager malky mackay was one of the best players in the premier league .
a gin distillery is being launched in the scottish borders to create a ` ` gin distillery '' .
formula 1 bosses say they are ` ` disappointed '' by the governing body 's governing body .
venezuela has announced it will ban the sale of goods from the border with colombia , the country 's largest border .
scotland captain greig laidlaw believes his side can beat new zealand in their six nations opener .
aberystwyth university is to undergo a # 2 m refurbishment of its former home in ceredigion .
british actor james palin is to receive an honorary fellowship at this year 's bafta cymru awards .
boris johnson has called for a ` ` fairer '' tax on immigration to be introduced in the uk .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- chief executive boris johnson has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that talks between london underground and london 's mayor will go ahead .
the labour party 's candidate for bradford west has said he will not stand in the general election .
england manager gareth southgate says he is looking forward to the scotland squad for the world cup qualifier against slovenia .
the metropolitan police has apologised to the family of a man who died in police custody .
liverpool 's council tax could be cut by # 1.5 m , the city 's chief executive has said .
canada 's consumer watchdog has ordered a recall of $ 2.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- of alcohol in the past year .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers whether ghana 's football team will be banned from entering the country .
a children 's author has won the # 1.2 m children 's book of the year award .
there 's a lot of talk about the uk 's relationship with the european union , and it 's not easy .
a carmarthenshire councillor has been ordered to pay # 100,000 in damages to a council leader .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have arrived in wales in the past year , the welsh government has said .
the bbc has signed a new deal with the big brother , which will keep the show on the tv .
scotland 's women 's premier league season continued with a 2 - 0 win over 10-man hamilton academical .
the america 's national women 's football team have been honoured with a parade in new york .
power has been restored to 2,000 homes and businesses in northern ireland after a power failure .
ipswich earned their first win of the season as they were held to a goalless draw at ipswich .
polish prosecutors have published details of the names of thousands of jews who died in auschwitz during world war two .
kingfisher , the world 's largest supermarket chain , has been bought by chinese firm kingfisher .
toronto wolfpack will play their first match of the season in the new year after the super league game against toronto wolfpack was cancelled .
swansea city midfielder james taylor is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after being injured in a head injury , according to manager neil taylor .
in our series of letters from british writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the moment .
accrington moved into the league one play - off places with a comfortable win over bradford at roots hall .
adele has been named the uk 's best album of the year , winning the grammys ' awards .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of his ex - girlfriend in glasgow .
the funeral of a man who was found dead at a beauty spot in bristol has taken place in bristol .
a man has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence for assaulting a man in aberdeen .
tunisia 's prime minister manuel valls has lost his bid to become the country 's new president .
volkswagen has said it is ` ` appalled '' that the emissions scandal will be sold in las vegas .
belgian cyclist geraint thomas has been killed in a crash during the giro d'italia race .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has asked iran to send a ballistic missile to the us , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
wolves moved up to second in the championship table with victory over championship strugglers wolves at elland road .
at least 20 people have been killed in a blast at a factory in the portuguese city of santiago , officials say .
a canadian wildlife company has been fined [ UNK ] # 2,000 for animal cruelty after it was found guilty of animal cruelty .
eugene laverty won the motogp season with victory in the motogp race in qatar .
cardiff city boss paul trollope says the club 's owners are ` ` not good enough '' .
two teenage girls who went missing in syria are to be reunited with their families , the bbc understands .
welsh cyclist elinor barker has apologised for ` ` failings '' at the rio olympics .
swansea city have confirmed the signing of striker hal robson - kanu on a two - year contract .
mainland chinese shares closed higher on friday as investors digested the government 's sell - off plan .
dagenham & redbridge were held to a goalless draw at home to dagenham .
the number of young people living in care in scotland has risen by a third in the past year , according to a new report .
the amazon rainforest in brazil is at risk of extinction , according to a report by the local government .
jeremy corbyn said she was ` ` shocked '' by the death of a pop star in the house of commons .
lionel messi scored a hat - trick as barcelona came from behind to beat 10-man real madrid at the nou camp .
activity in the uk 's services sector slowed in june , according to a closely - watched survey .
scotland 's environment secretary has called on the scottish government to ban genetically modified genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
south sudan 's military says it is ` ` appalled '' by the military 's response to a video appearing to show the capture of soldiers .
` ` we ' ve been talking about brexit , '' says iain duncan smith , the former prime minister of the exchequer .
scientists at the university of florida have developed a virtual reality that can detect the brain 's immune system .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- is failing to identify victims of crime , a watchdog has said .
a judge in south korea has ordered apple to pay a $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6.3 m -rrb- fine for its iphone .
plymouth argyle midfielder ryan brunt has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
jamie vardy scored a hat - trick as leicester came from behind to beat leicester in the premier league .
turkey 's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has warned that turkish president recep tayyip paribas will not be allowed to hold a referendum .
a man from birmingham has been named after a british man who died in a plane crash in syria .
falkirk came from behind to beat dunfermline and move into second place in the scottish championship .
dozens of passengers were forced to leave their ferry after a fire broke out at a ferry in portsmouth .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street closed higher on friday as the us economy added jobs data on the economy .
the family of a woman who has been diagnosed with leukaemia say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by her family .
the ministry of justice is to ballot its members on strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
teachers should be allowed to take part in the uk 's schools , a think tank has said .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` ready to win '' the leadership of jeremy corbyn .
` ` if you want to think , '' says sir vince cable , ` ` do n't want to win a university ?
preston north end captain steven finn says he is ` ` proud '' to have made him the best player in england .
there 's a sense of concern about the future of the northern ireland assembly , but it 's not a good idea .
author jk rowling has won this year 's bbc children 's book of the year award .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off , and there 's a lot more about the past .
jk rowling is to return to disney for the first time in more than a decade , it has been announced .
great britain 's adam peaty is one of the biggest sporting events in the history of rio .
cardiff blues have signed wales under-19 international liam dawson on a deal until the end of the season .
the us supreme court has ruled that apple can not appeal a legal case against the san bernardino killer .
police in egypt have fired tear gas and tear gas at a police station in the capital , cairo .
the police watchdog has launched an appeal for information about the murder of a lancashire man more than 20 years ago .
two men have been jailed for life for the ` ` brutal '' knife attack on a canadian pub .
protesters in india 's northern uttar pradesh state are continuing to protest against the closure of the plant 's factory .
pop star rihanna says she was ` ` shocked '' by the song she made in the 1990s .
the founder of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced plans to expand its business in the country .
the mother of a three - year - old girl who went missing has said she is ` ` desperate '' to find her son .
carrie fisher says she was ` ` devastated '' by her emails when she was emailed online .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday , with investors cautious ahead of the us election .
the cost of renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme has been dropped by the department for health and pensions .
it was n't just a few months since the general election , but it did n't see it .
an animal welfare charity has apologised after a snake was found in a park in londonderry .
a primary school in yeovil is to be demolished after it was blown up by a pupil .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has been ordered to pay damages to a former military officer .
venezuela 's government has confirmed that a search for survivors of the helicopter that crashed in the country .
a man has been declared the world 's oldest egg of the year in the uk for the first time .
manchester united have completed the signing of striker januzaj from borussia monchengladbach .
prime minister david cameron has said the uk will not be able to fight islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday after a sharp fall in food prices .
tens of thousands of african students have taken part in a protest against the government 's controversial statue of nelson mandela .
england captain alastair cook said his side were ` ` devastated '' by their defeat by bangladesh at lord 's .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he wants to re - sign striker kenneth zohore to the premier league .
carlisle united chairman keith curle says he is ` ` confident '' the league two club will sign a new contract .
west indies took a 2 - 0 lead over australia in the third one - day international in melbourne .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says there is ` ` no problem '' in his side 's 2 - 1 win over manchester united .
home secretary theresa may has called for a change in the law to protect police officers in england and wales .
singer - songwriter laura trott has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the band 's death .
bristol have re - signed bath and england under-20 centre mark wood on a two - year deal .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- psni -rrb- has announced plans to improve the number of police officers in northern ireland .
people are being warned to be vigilant after ` ` creepy clowns '' were posted online .
the first episode of doctor who 's doctor who drama doctor who has gone on display in nigeria for the first time .
bristol 's new bus network is set to be built by the government in a bid to improve the city 's transport system .
an archaeological dig at a nature reserve in north ayrshire has been declared treasure by the rspb .
huddersfield town manager david ward says his side 's fa cup quarter - final win over liverpool will help him reach the last 16 .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a baby whose body was found in a house in north london .
the number of reported sightings of two wild birds in the highlands has more than doubled in the past year .
the mother of a newborn baby has spoken of the ` ` amazing '' moment he was killed by his mother .
singer - songwriter michael jackson is one of the best - known musicians in the us .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says he will not be fit for saturday 's scottish cup semi - final against hamilton .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day higher on friday , boosted by a rise in oil prices .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend hailed his side 's shock european champions cup quarter - final defeat by glasgow warriors .
sean o'brien and sean o'brien have been ruled out of ireland 's six nations opener against ireland on saturday .
chinese hackers have been targeted by hackers in a series of cyber - attacks , officials say .
the trial of two al - jazeera journalists accused of being part of a bbc documentary has been adjourned .
the authorities in brazil 's amazon region have closed a prison in connection with the theft of tens of thousands of inmates .
a snake has been found on a plane in australia 's north sea after a snake was found on board .
oscar - winning actress sian yelena isin has been named the winner of the oscars .
a 15-year - old girl has been rescued from the river dee in cumbria after getting into difficulty .
new zealand plans to ban climb climbers from climbing mount everest to mount everest , say campaigners .
ajax were knocked out of the europa league by ajax in the first leg of their europa league tie .
a court in the indian city of mumbai has found a man guilty of causing death by dangerous driving .
newcastle falcons fly - half danny richards has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
scottish premier league clubs are being urged to take action to tackle anti - social behaviour in football .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to rise .
commons speaker john mills has been appointed as the speaker of the house of commons , the bbc understands .
the number of same - sex weddings in scotland has fallen by more than 1 % in the past year , according to new figures .
a terminally ill man has won a legal challenge to the supreme court 's ruling on assisted dying .
league one side walsall have signed former walsall striker nicky ajose on loan until the end of the season .
paris st - germain moved top of ligue 1 with a hard - fought win over bordeaux .
nepal 's prime minister has told the bbc she is ` ` lucky '' to be rescued after a devastating earthquake in nepal .
a review into care homes in wales has been launched by the care quality commission -lrb- npa -rrb- .
celtic will host linfield in the champions league group stage next month , the irish fa has confirmed .
wales ' first minister has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the brexit vote .
a us man has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for possessing indecent images of children .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a giant shark has been rescued from a beach in cornwall after being caught on camera and landed on a beach .
exeter moved up to second in the league two table with victory over cambridge at st james ' park .
a 24-hour bus strike in cardiff bay has been called off by the rugby world cup .
a 12-year - old girl who was bitten by a gang of children in the uk has been released by the bbc .
the international union -lrb- icc -rrb- has said it will not accept israel 's nuclear programme .
a group of british musicians have won a high court battle against the uk 's best - known band .
the european court of human rights -lrb- mod -rrb- has appointed a chronology of key events :
the police ombudsman 's report into the shooting of a man in belfast was ` ` not acceptable '' , a report has found .
a man accused of causing the death of a woman by careless driving has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' by the collision .
hibernian have been given a two - match touchline ban for failing to control their players during saturday 's scottish cup semi - final .
a man who died in a crash with a lorry in monmouthshire has been named by police .
norwich city have completed the signing of southampton defender virgil dijk on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the owners of a denbighshire hospital have been told they can not afford to save it .
a pilot had to be rescued after a light aircraft crashed in a field , prompting a police investigation .
the cast of david artell is to return to london 's west end next year , it has been announced .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has called on the scottish government to ` ` take control '' of public sector workers .
gabon will host the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon in a bid to host the 2018 under-20 world cup .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has said he will step down as president of the country 's new constituent assembly .
tens of thousands of cubans have marched in havana to protest against the government 's handling of mass protests .
hamilton academical manager martin canning believes the scottish premiership 's top - flight side will be a ` ` huge opportunity '' .
ali crawford has revealed he is back in training after recovering from a knee injury in the united states .
mexican drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges of money laundering and money laundering .
yorkshire moved into the top of the one - day cup with a five - wicket win over yorkshire at headingley .
a former doctor who was diagnosed with parkinson 's disease has been recognised in the new year honours list .
the us says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that syrian government forces are carrying out chemical weapons .
a man has pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a florida airport worker who was shot in the head with a gun .
president barack obama 's relationship with iran has been a key part of the world 's nuclear programme .
pope francis has appointed a new head of the roman catholic church , the vatican 's new chief .
the number of homeowners in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , official figures show .
london 2012 gold medallist beth o'shea has become the first woman to win the commonwealth games .
adolf hitler is to be sold for # 1,000 at auction in lancashire for the first time .
a review of food standards in scotland has found that it needs to reduce the cost of food and drink .
two men accused of plotting to join islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria have gone on trial accused of trying to sell them .
the eu and turkey have agreed a deal with turkey to try to reach europe 's migrant crisis .
solihull moors have signed former solihull moors defender liam kelly on a two - year deal .
england manager mark sampson said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his team 's failure to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
the uk 's highest mountain in the arctic has been removed from the sea , according to a report .
german airline lufthansa is facing a long - running strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the us military says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that a russian jet flew into the baltic sea , killing two russian pilots .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has told the bank of india that the world 's central bank is ` ` not good enough '' .
a midwife - led maternity unit at caithness general hospital is to close , it has been claimed .
league one side shrewsbury town have re - signed arsenal midfielder chris nash on loan until the end of the season .
ireland secured a place in the eurohockey championships quarter - finals with a 3 - 1 victory over poland in belfast .
a belfast man who is known as the world 's richest man has been paying tribute to him .
two police officers have been cleared of misconduct after a man was found dead at his home in cleveland .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod wedi dweud eu bod yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
scotland 's farmers have been talking about the impact of the uk 's farming industry in scotland .
a man has been arrested in connection with a # 20,000 raid on a shop in manchester .
prime minister david wood has told the bbc he wants to invest in technology and technology in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in woodland .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
sussex had to settle for a draw against sussex on day two at edgbaston on day three .
a chinese airliner has crashed into the sea off the coast of kuala lumpur after a passenger plane crashed on board .
former russian president alexander litvinenko has written to the prime minister asking for a public inquiry into the murder of ex - russian spy alexander litvinenko .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from a car in carmarthenshire .
for the first time , bbc wales has been given the go - ahead to mark the centenary of the birth of jane austen .
we ' ve been talking about the big bang theory , but it 's n't really good enough .
bookmaker ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year .
a two - year - old boy has died after being found with stab wounds at a house in leicestershire .
care services in the western isles have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission .
the bbc is to broadcast live coverage of the wimbledon wimbledon final , it has been announced on sunday .
the number of motorists killed or injured in a crash in somerset has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
a new railway station in nottingham has reopened after being closed due to the closure of the city 's busiest railway station .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a nightclub .
the mother of one of the three men killed in the central african republic -lrb- bama -rrb- has been shot dead in the capital , mogadishu .
tottenham extended their lead at the top of the premier league to five points with a hard - fought victory over tottenham .
the results of the holyrood election suggest that the scottish independence referendum is on course for a second time .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` confident '' that his country will not accept a bailout .
kenyan police have launched an investigation into a spate of suspected islamist militants in the north of the country .
the rolling stones have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the band 's latest album .
an 11-year - old girl who died when a coach crashed on a motorway in belgium has returned to school .
a dog has been arrested after a dog was attacked in lincolnshire , the county 's environment minister has said .
a doctor has said he wants to spend a week on a mountain in the cairngorms .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been shot dead in the capital bujumbura .
a schoolboy was killed when she was hit by a car while crossing a road , a court has heard .
researchers in newcastle have developed a robotic arm that can detect brain cells from a computer - based system .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the libyan city of benghazi have launched a series of explosions in the capital , tripoli .
a former firefighter has been given a suspended jail sentence after a fire at a former nightclub in exeter .
japan 's parliament has approved a new military law that will allow military personnel to take part in world war two .
arsenal moved into the fa cup quarter - finals with a hard - fought win over hull city .
the chief constable of surrey police has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the force 's handling of child sexual exploitation .
a scottish football club has been asked to take over the club 's football club -lrb- fai -rrb- .
the oculus virtual reality headset at o2 's oculus virtual headset , and it 's not easy to find it .
the efl cup quarter - finals will be broadcast live on bbc one on saturday , 5 august after a draw with league one strugglers burton albion .
a section of the m74 motorway has reopened after a crash on the m6 in county antrim .
wba super - middleweight champion liam smith will defend his ibf super - middleweight title against saul ` canelo ' alvarez in liverpool .
nico rosberg says his mercedes team - mate nico rosberg is ` ` not good enough '' .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash involving a tractor and a tractor on the a1 in lincolnshire .
young people are more likely to have dementia than their parents , according to a new study of research .
more than 1,000 transgender people have been killed in the past year , amnesty international has said .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a dog walker who killed his dog .
a high court judge in japan has ruled that a woman who was jailed for two years for kidnapping a two - year - old girl .
rupert murdoch has apologised to the media watchdog for failing to investigate claims of phone hacking .
it 's a lot of time for you to know what you 're going to do with .
a british - born british jihadist who was killed by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has been identified as a british citizen .
china 's foreign minister has accused the us of ` ` threatening '' the south china sea .
plans to sell a sculpture of the former mayor of the tower of london have been revealed by the council .
great britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the davis cup with a hard - fought victory over belgium 's david goffin .
manchester city will face real madrid in the champions league quarter - finals , while arsenal will face holders real madrid .
leicester city fans have been fined # 100,000 after they were banned from attending football matches .
steve mcclaren scored twice as newcastle came from behind to beat 10-man newcastle at the kcom stadium .
voting has taken place in the south wales police and crime commissioner -lrb- dw -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday , with shares in european and european markets .
neymar 's son of brazil forward neymar has accused the brazilian club of tax evasion .
the mother of a baby boy who was bitten by a dog in south yorkshire has died in hospital .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says his side 's ` ` horrendous '' display in their defeat by munster in the pro12 .
police in south africa have issued an appeal to trace two men who escaped from a national park in a bid to save them .
great britain 's katie archibald won gold in the women 's road race at the european track cycling championships .
worcestershire 's rain - affected county championship game against worcestershire has been postponed because of rain .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell the bbc about the festive period of the year .
a man was stabbed to death in a ` ` brutal attack '' in salford , police have said .
south korea 's parliament has passed a bill aimed at curbing anti - government laws .
plaid cymru and plaid cymru have called on the welsh assembly to be given the go - ahead .
league one side mk dons have signed former mk dons striker george morrison on a two - year deal .
french president donald trump has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' that the paris attacks will not be a ` ` terrorist '' .
great britain have been named in the great britain squad for next month 's london marathon , which starts in august .
south korea 's catriona matthew won the women 's pga tour title with a five - under - par 66 to win the kia classic in california .
oscar - winning actor stephen craig has said he is ` ` delighted '' to be honoured with the film 's life .
queen of the south maintained their unbeaten start to the scottish cup with a 2 - 1 win over queen 's park .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at a memorial in ghana .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says he will not resign as the team 's new chief executive .
telecoms regulator ofcom has called for the uk 's telecoms regulator to do more to protect broadband customers .
tom daley says he is looking forward to competing at the rio olympics , as he prepares to defend his olympic title .
three people have been charged in connection with a multi - million pound slavery operation in west midlands .
glenavon have signed northern ireland under-21 midfielder michael cole on loan until the end of the season .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on the isle of man for the first time in its history .
jp morgan , the uk 's largest bank , has said it will create 1,000 jobs in the european union .
cardiff city have completed the signing of birmingham city striker jonny evans from cardiff city for an undisclosed fee .
the energy firm ee has said it has made a significant increase in the number of consumers who use energy devices .
bbc scotland 's political correspondents will be taking part in this year 's holyrood election .
the royal navy has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new jobs at the shipyard of portsmouth .
two men have died after being struck by a lorry in the channel tunnel , police have said .
police have released images of an 18-year - old man they want to trace in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a baby born in ukraine has become the first person to be born in the uk to be given birth .
it 's the biggest game in the history of women 's super league and the united states .
afc wimbledon are set to return to the club as part of a new deal with the league one club .
wales football association -lrb- wru -rrb- has agreed a deal to buy cardiff 's principality stadium .
wycombe wanderers have named midfielder ryan o'bride as their new manager on a two - year deal .
glamorgan 's batsmen dominated day two of their county championship division two match against glamorgan at cardiff .
for the first time in the history of space , silicon valley has become one of the world 's most powerful companies .
eu leaders have warned that the uk will not be able to keep the european union after brexit .
the liberal democrats spent more than # 500,000 on the electoral register during the general election .
in the wake of the collapse of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme , the bbc 's northern ireland editor has revealed that the publication of the corporation 's papers .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was hit by a car in greater manchester .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in edinburgh city centre .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a newborn baby in a house in east london .
the families of two men killed in a crash in north yorkshire have paid tribute to their ` ` loving husband '' .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who tried to escape from a bus in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade .
a breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary operations has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by his ex - boyfriend .
coventry city have signed birmingham city midfielder michael vaughan on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
england manager sam allardyce says he will be ` ` proud '' of his team when he takes charge of the national team at euro 2016 .
league one side charlton athletic have signed charlton athletic defender connor pearce on a two - year deal .s
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
toymaker blackberry has agreed a deal to buy a toy for the first time in more than a decade .
a children 's school at weston - super - mare is to close after a campaign by the government .
hearts have agreed a deal to sign free agent midfielder chris rhodrie on a two - year deal .
belfast city council is planning to invest # 1bn in the corporation 's headquarters in the city .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was killed in a hit - and - run crash .
the director of cambodia 's government has told the bbc he is ` ` shocked '' by the government 's handling of illegal land .
apple has launched a android operating system that lets users use their mobile phones and android phones to be hacked .
a british man has been cleared of raping a teenage girl in the indian ocean , after a judge ruled she was raped .
perth have completed the signing of chinese striker john herd from chinese super league side shanghai shenhua on a two - year deal .
fleetwood came from behind to beat fleetwood and move into the league one play - off places with victory over southport .
a victorian victorian building is to be built in the borders to help save the life of the queen .
it 's been a busy year in australia , but it 's a new way of racism .
one of the world 's most famous football clubs has been honoured with a blue plaque in nottingham .
wales striker joe saunders says he wants to stay at cardiff city until the end of the 2018 world cup .
donald trump and hillary clinton have both won the republican presidential election in texas , after the two - week run - off debate .
wigan warriors full - back sam tomkins has signed a new three - year contract with the super league club .
mary berry has said she is ` ` shocked '' to be nominated for this year 's oscars .
the sale of southampton 's largest shipping company is to close , the county council has said , following the death of its owners .
a ceremony has been held in yeovil to mark the centenary of the queen 's 90th birthday .
a school in surrey has been given the go - ahead for the first time in its history .
hibernian midfielder neil lennon hopes to stay with hibernian until the end of the season .
it 's been a week since the death of a toddler in a river in central scotland .
formula 1 's most successful grand prix of the season is the most exciting season in the world .
a fire has broken out at a fuel tanker on the m8 in south lanarkshire after a fire broke out .
a drug dealer has been found guilty of stealing more than # 1 m of cannabis from a charity .
a new community hub in dumfries has been officially opened in dumfries and galloway .
singer - songwriter ed sheeran has been named bbc cymru of the year 's year awards .
an ex - england cricket player has donated # 20,000 to a t20 blast player after t20 blast competition from england .
two men have been found guilty of plotting to join so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
riyad mahrez 's second - half strike gave nottingham forest victory over nottingham forest .
borussia dortmund 's ex - boyfriend has been arrested in connection with a bomb attack on a hotel in the german city of dresden .
thousands of people are being asked to take part in a bid to improve swimming and leisure facilities in warrington .
moldova 's anti - corruption minister has said he will return to the country to fight corruption .
weightlifter jamie vardy has been banned for two years after being found guilty of doping offences .
china has cut its growth forecast for the world 's second largest economy , according to official figures .
more than half of young people in the uk are at risk of developing apprenticeships , a report suggests .
a new ambulance service is to be carried out in mid and north wales to provide emergency services for emergency services .
lancashire wicketkeeper matt smith has retired from cricket at the end of the season after suffering a knee injury .
dover athletic 's promotion to the national league has fallen by more than a third in a year , according to a report .
a whale that capsized off the french coast of laredo has arrived back to the sea after it sank in the french alps .
glasgow warriors have completed the signing of glasgow warriors winger denny solomona on a two - year deal .
liverpool moved to the top of the premier league table with a comfortable win over leeds united at wembley .
a grade ii - listed museum is to be built in nottinghamshire as part of a # 3 m revamp .
belgium 's parliament has approved a ban on muslim women wearing veils , under new rules introduced by parliament .
the chief executive of the hong kong - based media group -lrb- gsa -rrb- has agreed to buy shares in the media group .
oxford city council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about plans to build a new bus lane .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m freestyle relay team won gold in the bahamas .
theresa may has said the uk is ` ` very confident '' its relationship with japan and china .
the number of people living in the uk has risen by more than a third in a decade , according to a report .
whistleblowers in the wake of the hillsborough disaster have been criticised by mps for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
jockey michelle payne has been ruled out of this year 's royal ascot because of a hamstring injury .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes praised his side 's performance in the scottish cup semi - final against celtic .
a vote to leave the european union has been rejected by a group of farmers , the farmers ' union has said .
the us says it will release more than 1,000 men convicted of mass killings in egypt last year .
a town has become the first in the uk to celebrate the achievements of great britain 's olympic heroes .
in the western indian state of uttar pradesh , the bbc 's geeta pandey chouda looks at the moment .
there 's a lot of questions about the migrant crisis in greece , and the country 's poorest countries .
plymouth argyle have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control a referee during a league two match .
a new home for children with disabilities has been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
the bbc 's sound of music has been named best musician of the year at the brit awards .
newport gwent dragons have been given the go - ahead by the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- .
residents in wokingham have said they are ` ` angry '' about plans to build more homes on their homes .
donegal will face donegal in the all - ireland semi - finals after a 0 - 16 draw at croke park .
british cycling 's director shane thompson has called for an independent review of the sport 's culture .
a cyber - attack has been hacked in the wake of a cyber - attack on a website .
myanmar 's opposition leader aung san suu kyi has told the bbc that she will step down as a political process .
police officers and police officers are being urged to take part in a campaign to help tackle human trafficking .
the snp has gained a seat in glasgow city council after the snp gained control of the council .
swansea city have appointed former arsenal boss garry monk as their new manager on a three - year deal .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found at a university in cardiff , police have said .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a mother - of - two in north london .
saudi arabia and saudi arabia have agreed to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria .
the co - operative bank has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the co - op bank has agreed to sell its stake in co - op bank .
bbc wales has confirmed it is to close its offices in carmarthen and carmarthenshire .
a collection of anglo - saxon king george iii 's death has gone on display at buckingham castle .
the democratic republic of congo 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the african nations championship have been dealt a blow after a 1 - 0 defeat by cameroon .
the use of counter - terrorism in england and wales is ` ` not acceptable '' , a police federation has said .
the streaming service spotify has launched a new video streaming service , which allows users to download their music .
firefighters are tackling a blaze at a derelict pub in rhondda cynon taff which broke out .
the impact of student funding in northern ireland has fallen by more than 100 % in the past year , according to a report .
a primary school head teacher has admitted possessing indecent images of children , including pictures of children .
championship side fulham have re - signed fulham striker andre wisdom on loan until the end of the season .
nico rosberg says his mercedes team are capable of winning the abu dhabi grand prix , but says they are confident they can win the title .
grimsby town have re - signed midfielder liam sweeney on a two - year deal after his release by wycombe wanderers .
jk rowling has been announced as the new star of the bbc 's harry potter series .
a man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he was ` ` too scared '' and ` ` never wanted '' .
world number one mark selby reached the second round of the welsh open with a 6 - 3 win over mark selby .
team sky boss sir dave brailsford says he is ` ` saddened '' by the controversy over his use of drugs .
a 16-year - old boy arrested in connection with the hacking of talktalk has been released on bail .
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has won the democratic nomination for the democratic party -lrb- bernie sanders -rrb- .
britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the aegon championships with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over croatia 's kei nishikori .
a former royal navy officer has been honoured with a plaque to mark the 100th anniversary of his death .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on gay men in wales .
two people have died and two others have been injured in a crash on the m4 in reading .
a court in australia has sentenced a british - iranian woman to life in prison for plotting to travel to syria to join islamic state .
essex have signed all - rounder shiv thakor as their overseas player for the 2016 season .
the chief executive of royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- , rbs and rbs , has said it will continue to pay compensation .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the leg in west belfast .
a woman has died after a crash involving a car and a car on the a74 in aberdeenshire .
austria has announced it will allow asylum seekers to be allowed to enter the country from the european union .
haiti 's president , jean - claude o'neill , has been suspended from office .
scotland 's first train operator has announced plans to expand the railway line from glasgow to edinburgh and edinburgh .
an australian man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a six - year - old girl .
hundreds of protesters have marched through central london to protest against what police described as a ` ` major incident '' .
a man wanted in connection with the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio has been questioned by the irish parliament .
michael dunlop won the ulster grand prix at dundrod on sunday to move into the final race of the season .
the rolling stones have topped the us album chart for the first time in more than a decade , after the band 's record - breaking song was released .
a welsh adventurer has returned to the summit of mount everest after he was forced to climb mount everest .
a man has been fined # 50,000 after a helicopter crashed into a harbour in moray .
the uk 's telecoms regulator has called for bt to be given the go - ahead by the telecoms regulator .
ukraine 's military has a reputation for dealing with the armed conflict in eastern ukraine , but it is not the most important moment in the country .
taylor swift is to return to wembley for the first time in more than 30 years , it has been announced .
` ` it 's been a great story , '' says andy murray , the british tennis association -lrb- lta -rrb- , and it 's a lot more about .
walkers have been warned to take part in a ` ` horrendous '' breeding season in the arctic .
league one side livingston have re - signed livingston striker scott martin on a one - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day lower as the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
education secretary boris johnson has accused the government of ` ` failings '' over tuition fees in england and wales .
bradford bulls have agreed a deal to buy the club for the rest of the season , reports bbc radio bradford .
two men have been arrested after footage emerged of a bus being racially abused in norwich city centre .
a group of afghan refugees have taken part in a mass grave in the western city of kunduz .
jose mourinho 's future as manchester united manager is about to be the next manager .
northern ireland 's finance minister jim walsh has said he wants to offer a new airline to belfast .
two men have gone on trial in london accused of rigging horsemeat in a meat cleaver .
malawi 's president yoweri museveni has become the first african woman to take charge of the continent .
fifa 's governing body says it is ` ` disappointed '' that the world governing body will not be allowed to run the 2022 world cups .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has apologised to the families of victims of the hillsborough disaster .
a magnitude 6.5 earthquake has killed at least 12 people and injured more than 100 , officials say .
a man who died after being restrained by a police officer in poole has been named by the police .
royal yachts has been named scotland 's top tourist attraction for the first time in a year .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in birmingham .
a british soldier who was killed in iraq has been flown back to the uk for the first time .
the supreme court has ruled that boris johnson should be allowed to stay in the uk for the first time .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has approved a resolution to end the palestinian conflict in the occupied west bank .
london has been named as the uk 's most expensive city in europe , according to a study .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees are to arrive in northern ireland this year , the government has confirmed .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found at a house in south yorkshire .
the number of private ambulances in england and wales has risen by more than half a million , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
the number of people caught speeding on the m4 in wales has risen by more than 50 % .
wales is to receive a # 3.3 m boost from the welsh economy , it has been announced .
huddersfield giants have re - signed huddersfield giants full - back rangi on a two - year deal .
a minute 's silence has been held in edinburgh to mark the 70th anniversary of the earthquake in nepal .
pakistan 's new army chief , riz sharif , has been named as the new head of the army .
republic of ireland manager roy keane says he is ` ` surprised '' by the irish football association -lrb- ol -rrb- .
the national grid has agreed a deal to create up to 100 new jobs in a deal worth about # 2 m .
a man whose body was found in a park in west london has been named by police as john sheridan .
dover athletic extended their unbeaten run to six games with a comfortable win over maidstone united in the national league .
leyton orient have appointed former leyton orient boss graham edwards as their new manager on a two - year deal .
police in berlin say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying a passenger on a flight to berlin .
a man has been found dead in a fire at a farm in the scottish borders , police have said .
leyton orient boss russell slade says his side 's 2 - 0 defeat at leyton orient is ` ` not good enough '' .
a prominent bahraini human rights lawyer has been released from jail after being released from prison for five years .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling on the government to make changes to the town 's streets .
sir bobby moore 's reign as england 's first women 's fa cup final gets under way .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but what does it mean ?
a mental health worker has been struck off after being found guilty of gross misconduct in the care of vulnerable people .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has called on the country 's asylum seekers to be resettled in the country .
scotland 's first minister has been appointed as the new secretary of state for the uk to join the european union .
british number one johanna konta has won the wimbledon men 's singles title , but johanna konta does n't have a lot to do .
a stonehenge which was destroyed by lightning storms has been described as a ` ` significant milestone '' .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has agreed a deal to buy hiv in the us .
south korea has said it is suspending its nuclear programme in the wake of the south korean crisis .
michael buxton 's second - half goal was enough to beat colchester in league one and secure a draw .
children with diabetes are being tested in the uk for the first time in a trial of a type of diabetes .
two men have been charged with trespass after a group of men were arrested at stansted airport .
a canadian man has spoken of his ` ` terrifying '' experience of having sex with two teenage girls .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted in a car park in bournemouth .
tata steel is set to sell more than 1,000 new jobs in scunthorpe and scunthorpe .
one of the world 's most famous animals has been saved from extinction at a zoo in sweden .
police investigating a gun attack on a police car in west belfast have released cctv images of two officers .
scientists say they are ` ` extremely concerned '' about the impact of climate change in the uk .
women 's super league one champions birmingham city have been crowned the women 's champions league for the first time .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the battle for the liberal democrats in england 's general election came to an end in a row .
a terminally ill sunderland fan who was diagnosed with terminal cancer has said he is ` ` devastated '' by his family .
the cannes film festival has opened in las vegas , usa , with the stars taking part in this year 's oscars .
league one side walsall have re - signed dundee united midfielder alex jackson on a two - year deal .
england were beaten by bangladesh in the first one - day international in chittagong as they beat bangladesh by five wickets in the second one - day international .
the welsh government has announced plans to devolve a ` ` new generation '' of public services in wales .
an inquest into the deaths of two children at a house in gwynedd has heard how police handled the case .
scunthorpe moved up to second in the league one table with victory over rochdale at kenilworth road .
glasgow city council is to receive # 2.5 m in funding from the scottish government , it has been announced .
tyson fury 's world heavyweight title rematch with wladimir klitschko has been suspended by uk anti - doping -lrb- ukad -rrb- .
a pilot has died after his light aircraft collided with a light aircraft in essex , police have said .
north korea has said it will restart its nuclear programme , after north korea said it had conducted a nuclear test .
the funeral of a couple killed in the tunisia beach attack has taken place in strathclyde .
the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has released details of a ransomware attack on sony 's computer .
hundreds of thousands of people are expected to lose their jobs after a power cut in snowdonia .
china has launched its first test in space for the first time since the launch of a new type of space .
two teenagers have been jailed for their part in a series of ` ` horrific '' robberies .
one of northern ireland 's largest supermarket chains , dele , has been placed into administration , the company has confirmed .
the us government says it is investigating a cyber - attack that killed more than 1,000 people .
thousands of people are expected to descend on the forth road bridge for the first time in more than 20 years .
a football club has apologised after its owners complained they had not been able to use noise .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod yn cael ei gartref yng nghymru .
actor paul anderson has revealed he has been diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease after being diagnosed with parkinson 's disease .
scientists are warning that the sun should be given vitamin d supplements to reduce the risk of skin cancer .
syrian government forces are battling rebel - held areas of the city of aleppo , as fighting continues continues .
newport gwent dragons fly - half nick jones has retired from rugby after suffering a heart attack .
germany 's intelligence agency says it is investigating claims that a german spy was involved in spying on germany .
one of the world 's most successful motorcyclists is taking part in this year 's isle of man tt .
harry redknapp scored a hat - trick as birmingham came from behind to beat barnsley in the efl cup first round .
the uk will not be allowed to leave the european union after brexit , the high court has ruled .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will not stand down as leader of the party 's governing body .
the queen 's university of belfast is to cut 1,000 jobs over the next three years .
kilmarnock have appointed lee mcculloch as their new manager on a two - year deal .
` ` i ' ve been living in the world , '' says prof stephen fry , who has n't had a good idea .
head coach stuart hogg says worcester 's european champions cup quarter - final win over worcester is a ` ` huge boost '' .
a man who sexually assaulted a 14-year - old girl has been jailed for four years . '
an inmate who escaped from cambridge prison after being released from prison has been released back to the uk .
glenavon came from behind to beat glenavon 3 - 0 and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
chris brown has revealed that she 's going to be the first woman to appear in the world .
heavy rain and heavy rain caused severe flooding in parts of england and wales , the met office has said .
ethiopia 's government has accused the government of ` ` insulting the country '' after it published a report on human rights abuses .
two men have been jailed for sexually assaulting a woman at a school in south - east london .
a girl was killed when a train derailed in the us city of orlando , police have said .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko has said he will step down as president of the country 's military .
former ice hockey player eddie howe has died at the age of 74 , his family has confirmed , .
england won the rugby world cup for the second time in a row , beating new zealand 2 - 0 in cardiff .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid came from behind to beat real sociedad .
leicester 's premier league title hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by bournemouth .
an inquest into the death of a gwynedd man has heard how he was found dead at his home .
the champions league final between lyon and lyon was abandoned after crowd trouble marred sunday 's draw with lyon .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after his car crashed into a pub in wiltshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was seriously assaulted at a school in gwynedd .
it 's been a year since the general election , and it 's not easy to forget .
bristol city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over bristol city .
chile is one of the world 's most important economies , but it is n't so far .
google has launched a mobile phone service that allows users to use smart phones and tablets to help find them .
mae ' r blaid lafur wedi dweud bod yn ` ` brexit '' yn wythnos yng nghaerdydd .
a campaign to save the lives of british soldiers killed in iraq is to be launched by the government .
trainer aidan o'brien won the grand national at aintree to claim his second win of the season .
labour 's ed miliband has written to the house of lords over brexit legislation .
scientists have identified a new species of bird species in india , which is more than 1,000 years old .
five people have been arrested in connection with disorder at leicester city 's premier league match on saturday .
us supreme court justice antonin donald trump has rejected his bid to become president of the supreme court .
the death of a woman in greater manchester is being investigated by police after a woman 's body was found .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at his house in north belfast .
marseille boss mark hughes says striker mario balotelli is ` ` not interested '' in signing a new contract .
a scottish championship play - off campaign has been launched to be held in scunthorpe on saturday .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in newtownards , county down .
a west lothian man accused of raping a teenage girl has told a court he is ` ` not afraid '' .
a cardiff hospital is to be given the go - ahead to improve the quality of patient care .
scotland 's russell knox is one shot off the lead after the second round of the us pga championship .
england manager roy hodgson says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's preparations for euro 2016 .
chancellor george osborne has said he is ` ` confident '' that the uk will be able to keep the european union .
a whale that washed up on a county antrim beach is being tested for the first time in the uk .
police have said they are ` ` appalled '' by anti - semitic protests at a loyalist rally in glasgow .
a rugby league player who died after collapsing during a match has taken part in a fundraising campaign to raise money for charity .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` brutal attack '' .
manchester united have completed the signing of defender morrison from west ham united for a fee of # 12 m .
thousands of migrants have been forced to leave a camp in calais to leave their homes , officials say .
a former us attorney general has been sentenced to six years in prison for hacking into hillary clinton 's private email account .
spain 's highest military commander has been found in spain for the first time in more than 100 years .
ed sheeran has revealed he will return to action in a hit - and - run crash on google street .
it 's been a year since the death of pop star radrizzan kadyrov .
scotland women 's coach anna signeul has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish women 's euro 2017 squad .
newport county manager graham westley says he is ` ` very happy '' to sign a new contract .
the cuban government has said it will use a ` ` revolutionary '' photo - sharing version of the country 's ` ` cruise '' .
burnley moved up to second in the championship with victory over blackburn rovers at turf moor , who remain bottom of the table .
` ` it 's not easy to get a free school , '' says the conservative party .
net migration to the uk is likely to fall , according to a report by the house of lords .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has apologised for morocco 's decision to withdraw from the africa cup of nations .
rory mcilroy and jordan spieth are three shots off the lead after day one of the open at royal birkdale .
leeds united have signed leeds united striker rhys evans on a season - long loan deal from leeds united .
northants dominated day two of their county championship match against northants at chester - le - street .
scotland 's police force is to carry out a ` ` terrorist threat '' to the uk , it has been claimed .
pakistan took a 2 - 0 lead over pakistan in the second one - day international at the oval .
the us economy grew by 0.6 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
health secretary john swinney has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by a former health minister .
england 's paul casey is one shot off the lead after the opening round of the wells fargo championship .
researchers at the university of california , california , berkeley , are looking at ways to make it easier for people to keep their products .
malaysia 's prime minister narendra modi has said that the us will not be able to seize assets in the country .
the death of a county tyrone inmate has been criticised by an ombudsman for failing to treat his life .
germany 's prime minister has ordered a ban on asylum seekers in germany to be introduced to germany .
harper lee is to be released from the us supreme court for a second time , it has emerged .
the daily and sunday politics are all about to go until the general election on 7 may and the uk will go to the polls in june .
an nhs 111 call centre ` ` requires improvement '' , a watchdog has said , after a report found it is ` ` not doing enough '' .
two candidates are taking part in the race to become the us republican presidential candidate for the first time .
a woman accused of murdering her toddler son has told a jury she is ` ` shocked '' by her boyfriend .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in wrexham .
anti - semitic graffiti has been thrown at a orange hall in north belfast , police have said .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- is to be made available on virtual reality .
one of the uk 's most popular animals is taking place in dumfries and galloway .
scientists say they have found the genomes of endangered species of animals in the arctic , which are more likely to be born .
the us government has released details of former cia director john wikileaks , documents released by the cia have revealed .
a toddler who drove his car into a car in the us state of utah has been arrested .
oscar - winning actress anne kirkbride is to return to los angeles for the first time .
olympic champion greg rutherford says he is ` ` disappointed '' after losing to olympic gold in rio .
the uk 's first tv series will be broadcast in the uk next year , it has been announced .
a group of mps have called for a review into the case of a woman accused of raping and rape .
a terminally ill five - year - old boy who was diagnosed with cancer has received a # 1 m donation .
a mental health patient who stabbed a mentally ill man to death in gloucester has been jailed for life .
a former jockey has been given a two - week suspended jail sentence for breaching horseracing rules .
scotrail has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the scottish government will not be able to upgrade services in the north of scotland .
a teenager who was killed in the tunisia beach attack said he was ` ` shocked '' by the tunisian football team .
scottish open champion ding junhui was knocked out of the uk championship by ding junhui in the second round .
more than 2,000 nhs trusts in england and wales were paid out by nhs staff last year , figures show .
it 's been a year since the rugby world cup -lrb- wru -rrb- announced that there was a lot of interest in the sport .
university lecturers in the uk are to stage a two - day strike in a dispute over pay .
super league side leigh centurions have sacked head coach steve diamond after less than two months in charge .
a motorcyclist has been hit by a lorry on the a74 in aberdeenshire .
human rights groups have been granted permission to name the husband and wife of her husband , the government has announced .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not apologise for posting a tweet on social media .
former labour leader ed miliband has defended his party 's record in the general election , saying it is ` ` not good enough '' .
britain 's andy murray has apologised to his team - mate andy murray after the paris masters final .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died after being hit by a bus in swansea city centre .
west brom boss mauricio pochettino says striker mauricio pochettino will be out for the rest of the season .
indonesia is one of the world 's largest cities , and the country 's largest cultural heritage .
belfast giants moved to within three points of the elite league play - offs with a 2 - 0 win over manchester storm at the sse arena .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in newcastle city centre .
former aston villa boss steve bruce has said the appointment of steve bruce as birmingham city 's new assistant .
the former prime minister of the netherlands has resigned after being accused of illegally smuggling cocaine into the country .
an english language minister has apologised after telling a group of muslim women they had been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government .
dame helen mirren is to return to the west end for the first time in more than a decade .
` ` it 's a lot of time , '' says former x factor winner nadiya hussain .
the partner of former eastenders actress sian blake has been found dead at her home , police have said .
hearts have completed the signing of defender craig levson on a two - year deal from st johnstone .
a charity has said it is ` ` concerned '' about the impact of disability benefits in wales .
a ` ` world war two bomb '' has been found on a beach in dumfries .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched its first social media campaign in the middle east .
` ` it 's impossible , '' says oscar - winning actor sir kenneth branagh .
president barack obama was the first american member of the united states to retake the east and south america .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a four - year - old boy was seriously injured in a crash in rhondda cynon taff .
a woman has been found guilty of sexually abusing two young girls in norfolk and norfolk . ''
a man who murdered schoolgirl paige doherty in glasgow has been given a life sentence for her murder .
arsenal moved up to second in the premier league with victory over west brom at the kcom stadium .
a farm worker says she 's ` ` let down '' and ` ` trolling '' on twitter .
the bbc could be forced to close its production of bbc cymru , the corporation has said .
it 's been a year since the start of the 2016 olympic games in rio , but there 's a lot of stories about the sport .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of heavy rain across scotland .
hundreds of whales have washed up on a beach in the western isles of scilly in new zealand .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru yng nghymru wedi dweud eu bod yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
an investigation has been launched into the death of a man who was found in a flat in fife .
nigeria 's former president muhammadu buhari has been charged with corruption , the interior ministry has said .
starbucks , the world 's largest online retailer , has reported a rise in sales in the third quarter .
rangers have been shortlisted for the scottish premiership 's top two for the second time in a row .
david bowie , who has died at the age of 74 , has died aged 90 .   's eve .
chancellor philip hammond has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the israeli government 's response to the attacks in gaza .
england all - rounder liam dawson says he will not play for west indies in the t20 blast .
in mali 's north - eastern city of mogadishu , the bbc 's geeta pandey asks why the country 's best - known tourist destination can be banned from entering the country .
one of the uk 's best - known schools has been criticised by a leading academic .
a south african hunter has told the bbc that a conservationist was killed by a tiger in zimbabwe .
the un security council in burundi has approved a plan to extend the country 's second largest city .
the chief executive of dundee - based services firm alliance trust -lrb- pcc -rrb- has announced plans to cut costs .
foreign secretary boris johnson has said the uk will not be able to travel to syria to fight against the so - called islamic state .
scunthorpe head coach paul cowley says his side 's 2 - 0 national league win over eastleigh was a ` ` massive achievement '' .
the kremlin 's intelligence chief has denied reports that russia 's intelligence services were involved in cyber attacks .
a primary school in oxfordshire is to close after inspectors found it was ` ` inadequate '' ofsted .
a woman has been assaulted and robbed at her home in north lanarkshire , police have said .
david cameron is to set up a summit to tackle corruption in the united nations , prime minister david cameron has said .
police in poland say they are investigating the remains of two polish tourists who disappeared in world war two .
tesco has confirmed it is to buy tesco as part of a deal to buy the company .
league one side colchester united have re - signed crystal palace winger ryan huddlestone on loan until the end of the season .
british short track speed skater elise christie won her second gold at the women 's olympic games in rio .
badgers could be used to protect tb in the north of england , the badger union has warned .
great britain won two gold medals on the final day of the world para - athletics championships in rio .
a search is under way for a man who went missing after a snowdonia mountain went missing .
olympic champion jessica ennis - hill says she will retire from athletics at the end of the season .
more than 1,000 people have been killed and more than 200 injured in haiti , officials say .
theresa may 's decision to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is a significant milestone .
preston north end manager simon grayson has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
a new church is to open its doors for a children 's day - to - day celebration .
a man accused of murdering his wife has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' by a petrol bomb .
the number of nhs trusts in england and wales has risen by more than a third , figures show .
the uk is to hold talks with the european union over brexit negotiations , the government has said .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has said he will not accept the government 's financial crisis .
there 's a lot of questions about the future of the uk 's general election , but what 's the general election ?
county donegal football club -lrb- gaa -rrb- fans have been told to leave their homes after heavy rain caused flooding .
a six - month - old baby died after being bitten by a man at a hostel , an inquest has heard .
police in dubai say they have found a man suspected of being involved in a raid on a us airline .
a nigerian woman who was kidnapped in the north - eastern town of chibok has been freed , the interior minister has said .
league one side morecambe have signed midfielder ross barkley on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
sir david attenborough has been given the go - ahead for the first time in his history .
a group of people have completed a series of train journeys across the uk to mark the 50th anniversary of the great british bake off .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the future of virtual reality .
the uk 's industrial output fell by 0.2 % in june , official figures have shown .
ivory coast 's al ahli will not be allowed to play for the 2017 africa cup of nations .
the sun has become the first in the world to be the world 's tallest ever recorded , according to the new york times .
thousands of people in the democratic republic of congo have protested in the capital , kinshasa , to protest against the burial of bodies .
the us national football federation -lrb- nfl -rrb- has filed a lawsuit against the us football association -lrb- united -rrb- over a discrimination case .
plymouth argyle have re - signed scotland under-21 midfielder jack grimmer on loan until the end of the season .
a court in nigeria has ordered the closure of the football federation 's headquarters in the capital , lagos , to be demolished .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said he wants to be ` ` the next leader of the party '' .
education secretary philip hammond has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's plans to cut grammar schools .
the number of taxi licences in scotland has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to the scottish government .
children 's author jk rowling has been named the uk 's bestselling book of the year .
a man has been killed and another injured in a knife attack at a railway station in central germany .
london 's transport authority has approved plans to cut free school transport in a bid to save money .
the us supreme court has ruled that the supreme court can block the minimum wage -lrb- nlw -rrb- .
michigan police say they have arrested a woman suspected of using a car in the us state of michigan .
the uk government has unveiled a new version of universal computers -lrb- uc -rrb- .
india 's government has said it is ` ` appalled '' that the country 's ability to teach children to eat food .
england coach trevor bayliss says he is ` ` pleased '' with his side 's recent form .
-lrb- close -rrb- : oil prices fell in march as oil prices continued to fall .
one of the best - known social media companies in the us has been hit by a ransomware that caused a ransom .
the former head of the uk 's got talent series is to return to the west end next year .
two women have been sacked over a ` ` toxic '' leak of work at a children 's school .
turkey says it is ` ` appalled '' by turkey 's decision to cancel a russian jet in syria .
a former police and crime commissioner has been cleared of misconduct by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
england produced a stunning display to beat australia in the second test in melbourne , beating australia by five wickets .
bolton wanderers have signed defender phil van der mersey on a two - year deal .   's summer
indigenous leaders in the us state of puerto rico say they will no longer be able to use the amazon rainforest .
nottingham forest have signed striker britt assombalonga from championship rivals nottingham forest for an undisclosed fee .
surrey 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals were dented by surrey at the oval .
swansea city have confirmed the appointment of former wales boss bob bradley as their new manager on a three - year deal .
the owner of a hotel chain in birmingham has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the recent terror attacks .
the death of a woman who was left with severe brain injuries should not be prevented , a coroner has said .
mexico 's government has accused the government of failing to investigate the disappearance of 43 students last year .
australia 's prime minister has described the death of a four - year - old girl who was killed when a theme park crashed .
england women 's superleague teams will become the first team to compete in the netball superleague .
rescuers in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh say they are searching for survivors of a whale that capsized on a popular beach .
work is under way on a floating wind farm off the north coast of scotland this week to begin on monday .
it 's not easy to see the prime minister 's decision to leave the european court of justice .
a group of scientists have launched a series of ` ` avalanches '' in the arctic to try to tackle climate change .
crystal palace manager sam allardyce has left the club by mutual consent after just one season in charge .
south africa 's supreme court has ruled that oscar pistorius will not be prosecuted for murder .
a man has been jailed for six years for conspiring to steal more than # 1 m from passengers .
the port of calais has been hit by storm imogen as storm imogen continues to batter the uk .
ed sheeran has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to have made his first uk number one album .
cheltenham 's winless start to the season continued with a 2 - 0 win over cambridge united .
ireland moved to the top of the six nations with a hard - fought victory over scotland at murrayfield .
more than 100 jobs have been lost at a carmarthenshire helicopter plant , the company has said .
a un human rights watchdog has called on indian - administered kashmir to be a ` ` human rights '' .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old boy who was found dead at his school has been opened .
venezuela 's military has imposed sanctions on the venezuelan military over the use of a plane to smuggle cocaine .
london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has warned people not to take part in a series of fires .
a former us congressman has been found guilty of fraud and money laundering in the us state of california .
us president barack obama has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of guantanamo bay detainee .
the us justice department has announced it will ban muslims from entering the country from travelling to the middle east .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod wedi dweud wrth i ' r blaid lafur wedi cael ei ddiweddaraf .
` ` if you 're a woman , '' says jane taylor , who 's been using your hair .
ireland 's rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us open .
the family of a british journalist who died in iraq have said they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
wales manager chris coleman says he is ` ` very happy '' to stay at euro 2016 , despite his decision to leave the club .
scunthorpe moved up to second in league one with victory over scunthorpe , who finished with 10 men .
two british men have been charged with terrorism offences , the european court of human rights -lrb- is -rrb- has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in dumfries .
a 15-year - old girl who died after being hit by a car in fife has been named .
first minister nicola sturgeon has said the snp is ` ` not doing enough '' to support a second independence referendum .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in second practice at the singapore grand prix .
broadband providers in england and wales are to be fined # 50,000 by the regulator ofgem .
a spate of vandals and vandalism incidents in edinburgh have been reported to police .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- ppi -rrb- says it is investigating why customers are mis - sold payment card payments .
super league side salford red devils have signed hull fc full - back rangi chase on a two - year deal .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder kasija kasim on a three - year deal .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and former prime minister yahya jammeh considers the corruption of the country 's president yahya jammeh .
damien hirst has won this year 's baileys book of the year 's best book of fiction .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in belfast to protest against the us election .
owen farrell has been named in the wales squad for saturday 's six nations match against england at twickenham .
councils in england are being urged to do more to tackle rubbish in their local authority 's recycling system .
two men have been jailed after being caught with heroin with an estimated street value of # 1 m .
a school in oxford has been banned from using the word ` ` isis '' because of its name .
a motorcyclist has set a new record for the world 's fastest speed speed record .
the american football association -lrb- nfl -rrb- has announced she will not be allowed to return to the us after testing positive for cocaine .
salford red devils will face hull fc in the challenge cup semi - finals on saturday , 5 september .
david bowie and david bowie have been nominated for this year 's brit awards , the bbc has announced .
a cyclone has killed at least 50 people in madagascar , officials say , after a cyclone struck the island .
google has announced it will launch a ` ` drone - like '' unmanned unmanned aerial vehicles -lrb- uavs -rrb- .
a woman has died following a two - vehicle crash on the a74 in aberdeenshire .
a public inquiry into plans for a # 1.5 m quarry in blaenau gwent has been told .
deutsche bank has reported a sharp fall in profits to $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
newport county earned their first win of the season as they beat newport county 2 - 0 at rodney parade .
for the first time , there 's been a lot of things about the future of the game .
rangers moved up to fourth in the scottish premiership with victory over queen of the south at ibrox .
there 's a lot of speculation about the future of the uk 's biggest political parties -lrb- hmrc -rrb- .
a gwynedd muslim teacher has been suspended from the us after being refused entry to a muslim school .
an independent review of the redevelopment of the stadium in west belfast has been recommended by the irish government .
if you ' ve been using your mobile phone , then you ' ve heard of your questions , you ' ve got a bit different .
turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu has told the bbc that turkey can not intervene in the northern town of davuto .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of rio de janeiro , in what is believed to be the largest food festival .
plans to demolish cardiff 's former coal mining centre have been approved by the city 's council .
it 's been a busy week for london 's premier league season , but the bbc 's football expert mark lawrenson is looking forward to the future .
oscar - winning actor stuart broad is to be given a knighthood in the new year honours .
strictly come dancing have confirmed they are joining the x factor team for the first time in a decade .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes insists his side can still win the scottish cup for the first time this season .
wales manager chris coleman says wales will be ` ` proud '' of their euro 2016 warm - up match against russia .
league one side bradford city have signed former mk dons and bradford city midfielder alex neil on a two - year deal .
part of bournemouth 's jurassic coast has reopened after it was damaged by a landslip in the sea .
the police ombudsman 's handling of the metropolitan police 's ` ` secret '' account is the subject of a post - election campaign .
the welsh government has announced plans to install a new type of neonatal helicopter that will be fitted with babies .
stargazers in america have been taking part in one of the world 's most famous landmarks .
leinster moved top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man was found in a flat in perth .
scotland 's economy shrank in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
cardiff blues moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over cardiff blues .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after an alleged incident at a school in leicester .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder liam morgan on a two - year deal .   's loan deal .
edinburgh city council has been criticised by the scottish government for failing to control the bins of waste .
india 's top film director has been given a suspended prison sentence for allegedly insulting the country 's indigenous leader .
former northern ireland captain barry hearn has left the club by mutual consent after five years in charge .
india is one of the world 's most populous countries , but it 's not enough to tackle the problem .
a body found in a river in shrewsbury has been formally identified as a man who has been missing .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has been fined $ 1.6 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- by the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a volcano in the pacific ocean has been caught on camera off the coast of california , after a volcano erupted .
britain 's chris froome and chris froome are on course to win the vuelta a espana .
mobile coverage of the uk 's mobile phone service is ` ` not acceptable '' , a report has found .
europe 's rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the dubai desert classic .
thousands of people have attended a festival in burma to mark the 70th anniversary of the military 's birth .
police in colombia say they have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a plane crash on sunday .
a man has been found guilty of burglary after a woman 's body was found in woodland .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has warned of the dangers of terror attacks in the capital , delhi .
an inquiry into historical child sex abuse at a scottish school has been launched after the inquiry into child sexual abuse .
retail sales in the uk fell by 0.1 % in the year to june , according to official figures .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has announced plans to build a ` ` smart '' app in the us .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m going to do , '' says emma dumor .
it 's a big day for facebook , but it 's n't a big issue .
jk rowling is to star in a bbc documentary about the life of the late harry potter spin - off series .
championship side norwich city have signed former norwich city midfielder andy surman on a two - year deal .
holidaymakers in costa rica have been forced to leave their homes after a volcano erupted over the weekend .
home secretary theresa may has called for an inquiry into the hillsborough disaster ` ` to be forgotten '' .
saracens secured a place in the premiership play - offs with a bonus - point win over sale .
police investigating the murder of a 16-year - old girl in leicester have released cctv images of a teenager they want to speak to .
exeter chiefs scrum - half rob baxter says he is ` ` excited '' to make his first start for the premiership season .
ex - military mp jo cox has told a court he was ` ` shocked '' by the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the number of people claiming unemployment in northern ireland fell by 0.6 % in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest figures .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in final practice at the russian grand prix .
the uk 's passport office is to be created in glasgow as part of a multi - million pound contract .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has condemned turkey 's offensive against kurdish fighters in northern syria .
the parents of a girl who drowned in a burglary in cornwall say they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by their parents .
there 's a lot of people in northern ireland about the republic of ireland 's membership of the european union .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the french ambassador to india has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences , the country 's foreign ministry says .
the solar system has reached its highest level for the first time in decades , according to a new study .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is predicting the outcome of the 2019 world cup .
footballer ched evans has been cleared of raping a 15-year - old girl , a court has heard .
two men have been given a life sentence for cocaine with an estimated street value of # 1 m .
us telecoms giant warner has agreed a deal to buy us cable cable cable network netflix for $ 2.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2bn -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to northern ireland 's most senior police officer , who died in prison on monday .
ukraine 's prime minister has resigned amid a row over his government 's plan to buy the us embassy .
a court in bangladesh has sentenced two men to life in prison for the murder of a left - wing leader .
a gay pride march in central athens has sparked a social media backlash after posting a tweet on social media .
super league side featherstone rovers have been banned for two years by the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- .
the bbc sports personality of the year 2016 will be revealed on bbc radio 4 's today programme .
a group of mps have called for the government to change the rules on public toilets in the uk .
england reached the semi - finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a seven - wicket win over sri lanka .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in north london .
two bodies have been found in libya 's north - eastern city of tripoli , officials say .
a judge in nigeria has sentenced a man to life in prison for trying to kill a student in the us .
the founder of the greggs bakery chain has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two boys .
a woman from northern ireland who has been diagnosed with leukaemia is to receive a # 3,000 grant from the health service .
a former labour mp has called for an inquiry into child sex abuse allegations against her ex - girlfriend .
two men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash in barnsley .
one of the world 's most expensive pumpkins has won the uk 's first ever tree .
a man has died following a two - vehicle crash on the a77 in fife .
a teacher accused of raping a 15-year - old student at a school has told a court he was sexually assaulted .
a holyrood committee has called for an independent review into bullying and bullying in schools in scotland .
afc wimbledon 's league one play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by afc wimbledon .
homes and homes have been flooded in parts of north wales after a flood - hit river was flooded .
it 's been a year since the start of the 2017 wimbledon women 's tournament , which begins on friday .
joey barton has been given a two - match ban by the football association after admitting a football association ban .
the co - founder of one of the uk 's best - known rock stars has given his first glimpse of the ` ` horror movie '' .
work has begun on a # 2.5 m upgrade of the great western railway line in monmouthshire .
britain 's kyle edmund reached the second round of the aegon open with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over france 's kei nishikori .
a former us intelligence chief has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the senate intelligence committee -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
a legal challenge to plans for a wind farm on anglesey has been rejected by the high court .
mayo moved to within a point of the all - ireland sfc semi - finals after a hard - fought win over mayo in dublin .
south sudan 's president yoweri museveni has won the contest to be named the new president of the country 's main opposition congress .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has apologised for saying it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the holocaust .
two motorists have been jailed after they were caught parking at a car boot sale in north london .
a computer used by world war two veterans has been returned to the uk after being returned to norway .
armed forces in new york have said they are ` ` devastated '' after an incident at a training academy .
microsoft has unveiled a new software that allows users to access their passwords and passwords to computers .
a man who was bitten by a pair of teeth when he was attacked by a dentist in bristol has been suspended .
a taxi driver has been charged with raping a woman in india 's capital , delhi , .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges facing nurseries in ghana .
world number one dustin johnson says he is ` ` proud '' of winning the us pga championship after his first major of the season .
irish police have apologised after a man was arrested in londonderry on christmas day .
mark selby came from behind to beat ding junhui and reach the world championship quarter - finals .
the leader of a sheffield city council has said she is ` ` devastated '' by a protest against the council 's decision to evict a tree .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss roberto di matteo as their new head coach on a three - year deal .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street .
in the aftermath of the uprising in syria , the country 's most senior military commander in the region has been hailed as a ` ` cultural heritage '' .
league one side peterborough united have extended the loan of peterborough united left - back zamalek until the end of the season .
carrick rangers have been given a one - match touchline ban by the irish football association .
national league side torquay united have signed former aston villa midfielder liam law on a two - year deal .
a music festival has come under way in leicester to help police cope with the threat of terror attacks .
there 's a lot of things about the bank of england 's decision to leave the european union .
scientists in antarctica say they have made a significant impact on the earth 's ozone layer -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
the uk unemployment rate fell by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
manchester city manager pep guardiola has said he wants to become manchester city 's next manager .
league two side notts county have signed former notts county and notts county midfielder liam phillips on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who stabbed his friend to death .
bhutan is one of the world 's most important natural heritage sites , but it is now the country 's oldest .
a herd of cows caused the deaths of two cows in a field in wiltshire , an inquest has heard .
queens park rangers have appointed steve waddton as their new manager on a two - year deal .
the uk 's first minister has urged the uk to remain in the eu after brexit .
the story of the uk 's personal intelligence system has been described as ` ` britain '' .
an inquest into the death of a six - month - old girl in west london has heard that her mother died from brain injuries .
it 's not easy to see jeremy corbyn in the house of commons , but there 's a lot of talk about labour 's leadership .
ulster have made two changes for their pro12 game against zebre in dublin on saturday after a hamstring injury .
a man has been seriously injured in a ` ` targeted attack '' at a house in edinburgh .
a peregrine falcon has gone on display at a nature reserve in perthshire , the rspb has said .
strictly come dancing star katherine redmayne has announced she is to leave the show in the next series .
the number of unaccompanied children in england has fallen by almost a third in the past year , figures show .
china 's men 's wheelchair basketball team have announced their squad for next month 's rio olympics .
one of the world 's best - known actors , charlie austinr , was the subject of a multimillion dollar financial crisis .
manchester city and manchester city are to host the champions league next season , the football association has announced .
researchers in australia have warned that crocodiles could be forced to leave the country .   's population .
` ` it 's not easy to tell you that i ' m going to be a woman 's life . ''
sunderland ladies have signed england under-20 midfielder beth mead from manchester city women for an undisclosed fee .
a ` ` significant '' increase in the number of rail journeys hit by storms in devon and cornwall , a report has found .
climate change is ` ` not acceptable '' , according to a study from the world 's leading scientists .
birmingham city 's fa has been fined # 3,000 by the football association for failing to control anti - doping rules .
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked in powys .
a motorist has been banned from driving after he was caught speeding on the m4 in south yorkshire .
parking charges in nottingham are to be delayed until the end of the year , a council has said .
a 14-year - old girl who died after being hit by a car in west yorkshire has been named by police .
a man who lost his leg during a world war two raid has been awarded a bravery award . .
at least 20 people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in ethiopia 's capital addis ababa , officials say .
cardiff city moved up to second in the championship with a hard - fought victory over cardiff city .
swansea city moved up to second in the premier league with victory over swansea city at the kc stadium .
police forces in north wales have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by a watchdog , a report has found .
police in the indian city of mumbai have arrested 31 people over the collapse of a building that collapsed last week .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says he is ` ` not happy '' about his side 's recent start to the season .
the scottish parliament has voted to leave the european union - and it 's a very difficult moment .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the bnp paribas open with a straight - set win over japan 's kyle edmund .
edinburgh have announced the signing of edinburgh 's pro12 play - off semi - final against edinburgh .
when ukraine 's gchq medical centre was shut down last week , there was a huge leak of data .
french actress and actress luiz inacio garcia has died at the age of 89 , her family says .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side 's europa league quarter - final tie with malmo was a ` ` disaster '' .
st mirren have signed former st mirren and st mirren goalkeeper craig ross on a two - year contract .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it will not be able to respond to paramilitary activity in northern ireland .
macclesfield moved up to second in the national league with victory over eastleigh at moss rose .
the parents of a six - year - old boy who was arrested in protest at the government 's handling of a dispute over money - laundering .
golden state warriors ' sergio garcia won the america 's cup for the second time in a row .
a plane carrying passengers on board australia 's heathrow airport had to be evacuated because of a technical problem .
celtic striker patrick roberts says he will be ` ` proud '' to play in the champions league .
a teenage girl has been found guilty of raping a 15-year - old girl in indonesia .
us president barack obama has said kenya 's relationship with the us is ` ` not good '' .
a 16-year - old boy who died in a motorbike rally has been held in hampshire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why kenya 's presidential election is held .
a sandwich shop in glasgow is set to become the first in the uk to receive a minimum wage .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says the un 's chief negotiator .
nicola sturgeon says he is ` ` proud '' to compete at this year 's european golf championships in glasgow .
eu leaders are meeting in brussels to discuss how to deal with the influx of migrants into the uk .
italian prime minister matteo renzi has called for more migrants to be rescued from the mediterranean , saying the migrant crisis is not safe .
a pilot had to be rescued after his light aircraft crashed into a tanker and landed on a motorway .
the psni has said it is ` ` appalled '' that the police ombudsman 's handling of the killings of soldiers in northern ireland .
sierra leone has declared a state of emergency after the deadly ebola outbreak that killed more than 100 people .
relatives of the 96 people killed in the hillsborough disaster have met the prime minister for the first time .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car while walking on a road in cornwall .
blackpool football club chairman karl oyston has been ordered to pay # 100,000 damages to the club 's owners .
a british man from sierra leone has arrived in france to try to reach the uk from the calais migrant crisis .
ulster moved top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over ulster at kingspan stadium .
plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in flintshire have been approved by councillors .
the uk 's space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is to carry out a ` ` smart '' video game on mars .
the republic of ireland 's northern ireland loan portfolio has been sold for # 1.5 m .
german police say they are investigating a suspected arson attack at a police station in the city of munich .
two british men have been arrested in thailand over the murders of two british tourists in thailand , the foreign office has said .
league one side notts county have re - signed former preston north end striker james wilson on a two - year deal .
a woman accused of sexually abusing two children has told a court she was ` ` too lenient '' .
burnley midfielder jack vokes has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .s
labour 's jeremy corbyn has been named as the new leader of the welsh labour party .
the turkish authorities have launched a crackdown on the use of ` ` smart phones '' to stop people using the web .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group says it has uncovered evidence of child abuse by the syrian government .
mexico and mexico have been fined # 10,000 by the mexican football federation -lrb- uf -rrb- for using racist language .
former plaid cymru leader lord dafydd elis - thomas has said he will step down as leader of the assembly .
former england batsman nick compton says he is ` ` devastated '' after suffering a suspected heart attack .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with head injuries in birmingham .
an independent review into the expansion of gatwick airport has found that it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at his home in surrey .
world number one stuart bingham says he will not be able to play for the first time in his career .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched to reopen nottingham 's tallest building in the city .
england won the women 's rugby world cup for the second time in a row with victory over new zealand .
a former tv producer has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in a tv series .
more than 1,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a bid to reduce speed limits .
a court in barcelona has sentenced two men to life in prison for plotting a bomb attack on a police station in the north - western city of tikrit .
donald trump has become the first us president to agree a deal with the us president - elect .
a painting by a welsh poet is to go on display for the first time in more than 50 years .
luton town have confirmed the signing of goalkeeper david mullll and goalkeeper mark mcghee from blackpool .
a humpback whale has been left stranded in the scottish borders after being spotted on a beach .
great britain 's greg rutherford won the men 's 4x400 m relay title at the world indoor championships .
the queen has released a video showing adolf hitler being filmed by nazi germany in world war two in germany .
rugby star matavesi matavesi has donated his name to the rugby union -lrb- rfo -rrb- to his family .
oxford city council has approved plans to close a shopping centre in a bid to reduce road closures .
a pooh has been given a reward of $ 1,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- after a pooh was found in a field .
gordon strachan 's late goal gave gordon strachan a 2 - 0 win over scotland in the euro 2016 qualifier .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has been fined # 3.6 m by the competition watchdog .
lewis hamilton says he will not be able to win the malaysian grand prix this season , but insists there is no plans for the title .
derby county boss nigel pearson says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to leave the club .
the indian premier league has launched its first game in the history of the world 's biggest game .
the bitcoin virtual currency -lrb- bitco -rrb- is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin companies .
a painting by pablo picasso has been sold at auction for the first time in more than 20 years .
ukip leader nigel farage has arrived in the uk for the first time in almost two years .
former labour leader lord lamont has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the snp 's decision to quit the scottish parliament .
the mother of a baby who was caught on a police chase said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the hinkley point nuclear power station in somerset has been delayed by the end of the year .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jm -rrb- has announced plans to create 1,000 new cars in the uk .
trainer aidan o'brien won the grand national at aintree to win the champion chase at newmarket .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a woman in the republic of ireland .
a football fan had a lucky escape when his team lost their premier league game to manchester united on sunday .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
australia says it is ` ` appalled '' that a british - born asylum seeker was shot dead in dubai .
a pembrokeshire town is hoping to create a ` ` woolly '' and ` ` smart '' garden .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud eu bod wedi cael ei garcharu am ddiweddaraf .
scottish salmon company sse has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year .
the northern ireland economy is set to grow by 0.5 % in the first quarter of this year , according to a report .
two british rowers have been named in the new year 's great britain rowing team for the rio olympics .
an inquest into the death of schoolgirl alice gross is to be carried out by police in london .
it was n't easy to see iceland 's government 's decision to repay its debts .
spanish police have arrested a maths teacher in spain after he was caught on camera using a mobile phone .
arbroath kept their league two play - off hopes alive with a hard - fought win over montrose .
thousands of people have marched in jordan to protest against the government 's use of anti - government protests .
a woman charged with the murder of a baby in west belfast has appeared in court charged with her murder .
plans to merge two councils in south wales could be scrapped by the welsh government , first minister carwyn jones has said .
the bbc is to launch a series of live music lessons to mark the 30th anniversary of the proms .
one of the world 's most popular drones has said it is ` ` not the best way '' .
the scottish government has announced plans to invest # 2.5 m in scotland over the next three years .
saudi arabia is one of the world 's most important countries , but it 's not easy to know that the air is coming to saudi arabia .
a judge in the democratic republic of congo has ordered the arrest of singer mogay , who was detained in the capital , kinshasa .
a new # 1.5 m bus service has been introduced in cardiff to improve safety and safety .
the uk 's population is at risk of extinction , according to a study from the british isles .
a solar farm is to be built in dumfries and galloway as part of a # 3 m energy project .
` ` it was n't easy , '' says nick swelton , the chief executive of london 's central bank .
peru 's ex - president alberto fujimori has returned to the country after more than 20 years in jail .
` ` i ' m going to be a book , '' says stephen carson , who has been in the centre of the belfast telegraph 's office .
dog owners have been ordered to use a ` ` horrendous '' ` ` hoverboard '' to ` ` protect dogs '' .
scotland 's busiest airports have reported a sharp rise in passenger numbers last year , according to new figures .
ronnie o'sullivan will face john higgins in the first round of the world championship in china .
apple has sold its stake in apple for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.8 bn -rrb- , the company has announced .
russian snowboarder yuliya stepanova has been banned for two years for doping offences .
nick gubbins hit his first century of the season as middlesex fought back against middlesex at lord 's .
there 's a lot of stories about the future of this year 's holyrood film festival .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it will be ` ` very difficult '' to get free bus tickets in a bid to save money .
we ' ve been using your mobile phone , but it 's not the best way in the world .
colombia 's president , juan manuel santos , has announced he will stand for a third term in office .
singer ed sheeran has topped the uk singles chart with his latest single , a week after the release of a single .
the president of the united states has thanked the us president barack obama for his visit to the white house .
southern rail has accused the rmt union of ` ` appalling '' comments made by southern rail .
the conservatives have retained control of derbyshire county council after the conservatives won the general election in the county .
widnes captain widnes says his side 's poor start to the super league season is a ` ` huge factor '' .
the us supreme court has ruled that president donald trump 's travel ban is unconstitutional , despite a high court ruling .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a disturbance on a train .
a strain of bird flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire , the environment agency has said .
the funeral of a student whose body was found in a private hospital is being investigated by the nhs .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said israel is planning to deploy troops to syria .
gareth southgate has left his role as england manager after just three months in charge of the premier league .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has delivered its first debate in the general election .
a farmer who spent more than # 20,000 on a norfolk farm has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the help of a conservationist .
scientists in the us say they have developed a new way to improve the quality of birds and plants .
irish football fans have been urged to take part in a ` ` bonfire '' at a county antrim church .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of africa 's digital sector .
elgin city moved into the league two play - off places with victory over elgin city at elgin city .
wales manager eddie jones said he was ` ` proud '' of his team after they beat portugal 2 - 0 to reach the semi - finals of euro 2016 .
car manufacturer ford has been given the go - ahead for a new # 1.5 m luxury car .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- is to send a vaccine to the ebola virus in the uk .
great britain 's women won the women 's olympic women 's 10,000 m at rio 2016 .
dozens of people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in romania 's capital , romania .
hereford united chairman tony pulis says the club will not be able to return to the premier league .
the wreck of a royal navy ship that sank in the falklands has been commemorated by the navy .
the family of a teenager who died in a car crash say they are ` ` desperate '' to raise money for a charity .
the republic of ireland 's human rights watchdog has called for a new report on human rights .
wigan athletic have sacked manager graham westley after just one game in charge of the championship club 's bottom club .
two men have been arrested after a group of ` ` cash machines '' crashed into a supermarket .
a project to restore hull 's gold mine has been awarded # 3.5 m by the government .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has launched her party 's general election campaign in cardiff .
england 's laura massaro won the women 's singles title at the squash world squash championship .
a series of photographs from the great tapestry of wales have gone on show in cardiff to mark the centenary of the city 's history .
police in the us state of ohio have arrested a man suspected of killing a cyclist and injuring a woman .
ex - england footballer mo mourners are to be given the right to leave the club .
as the bank of england governor mark carney 's decision to leave the european union , it 's been a very difficult moment .
devon 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been accused of ` ` breaking the law '' .
the summer transfer window closed in england and wales on friday , with the transfer window set to be extended until january .
a museum dedicated to adolf hitler 's war veterans has been given # 3.5 m funding .
google 's deputy prime minister has said the uk 's tax system is ` ` absolutely unfair '' .
a # 3.5 m funding package for research and research projects in northern ireland has been launched .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in londonderry .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` brutal attack '' has had his sentence reduced .
police in ivory coast say they have arrested more than 1,000 people suspected of smuggling illegal fishing .
denny solomona scored a hat - trick as castleford beat castleford to reach the challenge cup quarter - finals .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of ethiopia 's capital addis ababa .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in a lincolnshire house .
demolition work is under way to mark the centenary of the battle of a battle of battle battle battle .
south africa 's under-20 world cup qualification hopes will be a ` ` disaster '' for south korea , says coach alan chambe .
scotland manager gordon strachan says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's failure to qualify for euro 2016 .
olympic silver medallist ronnie o'sullivan says he is ` ` devastated '' by a broken leg .
the us says it is ready to resume peace talks on rebel - held eastern aleppo in the wake of last week 's conflict .
police in nigeria say they have arrested a man suspected of having gay marriage in the capital , lagos .
george hirst 's long - awaited story of his work has been announced at the university of leeds .
plans for a # 3 m redevelopment of glasgow 's magee campus have been given the go - ahead .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in glasgow city centre , police have said .
scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur that lived in the uk for 40 years , according to a new study .
singer - songwriter katy perry is to headline this year 's glastonbury festival .
professor stephen jackson is to make his first appearance at bbc radio 4 's today programme , the corporation has announced .
china 's tourism industry has reported a sharp fall in revenue for the first quarter of the year .
us president barack obama has accused israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of ` ` disrespectful '' talks with israel .
the future of universities in wales is a ` ` disaster '' , the first minister has said .
arsenal ladies ' women 's football team have been told they will be ` ` let down '' .
oil giant royal dutch shell has been granted permission to drill for oil and gas drilling in the arctic .
health secretary jeremy hunt has said the uk is ` ` in the dark '' as he launched a review of the internet .
a bbc documentary about rape and rape has been criticised by the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme , it has been claimed .
high street chain greggs has reported a rise in sales and profits , despite a drop in sales .
keaton jennings says he is ` ` proud '' of england 's squad for the second test against south africa .
campaigners opposed to plans for a wind farm in lincolnshire say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government .
more than half of people in england are dying from terminally ill , according to a new report .
china 's government has announced it will close all newborn babies born at a children 's home in china .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 fell to its lowest level for three years , official figures show .
edinburgh moved top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over edinburgh at murrayfield .
russia 's anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has been banned from competing at the rio olympics .
alexis sanchez scored a late equaliser as arsenal came from behind to beat hull city in the premier league .
a canadian woman has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two young boys in the us state of canada .
jamie varndell says he is ` ` disappointed '' the football association 's decision to introduce a penalty in the premier league .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen by more than a third , according to a survey .
the welsh assembly 's supreme court has ruled that the uk government should vote against brexit .
the number of dog attacks on sheep in scotland has fallen by almost a third in the past year , according to new figures .
arda has announced it will cut milk prices in northern ireland , as it tries to reduce milk prices .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial bill aimed at ending the birth of a woman .
charlton athletic have completed the signing of former manchester city midfielder david moyes on a two - year deal .
wales under-21s secured their place in the euro 2016 qualifiers with a comfortable win over iceland .
a rhondda cynon taff mother has been found guilty of murdering his six - year - old son .
forest green rovers have signed midfielder liam cooper on a two - year deal following his release by league two club crewe alexandra .
the mayor of london has apologised after a disabled man was caught on a cycle ride .
sunderland manager sam allardyce says he has ` ` no regrets '' over his decision to extend his contract .
premiership side saracens have re - signed harlequins flanker tom young on a two - year deal .
the welsh government should do more to tackle the impact of subsidies on renewable energy , the economy minister has said .
the mayor of west ham has written to the city 's mayor asking for the city to pay for renting the olympic stadium .
former us basketball player kevin o'driz has been arrested in los angeles , us officials say .
the family of a woman who died from brain tumours have been awarded # 1.5 m in compensation .
it 's been a bit of a bitcoin , but it 's not easy to buy google 's computer .
astronomers say they have found a new geological survey -lrb- obsc -rrb- .
guernsey 's women 's fa cup quarter - final tie against guernsey is ` ` not good enough '' , says guernsey fc .
the us government has ordered an oil pipeline to be built in north dakota , after the discovery of a pipeline .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the snp 's general election campaign .
the us is to send more troops to the afghan capital , kabul , to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the taliban attack .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in bristol have released a cctv image of her missing mother .
glaenau gwent is the best - known lesbian , bisexual and transgender -lrb- gla -rrb- , according to a new report .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of gales across scotland .
non - league lincoln city will face championship side bolton wanderers in the first round of the fa cup .
a group of holidaymakers have said they are ` ` appalled '' by the safety of a cornwall beach .
jos buttler hit an unbeaten century as england beat pakistan by five wickets in the one - day cup .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side 's fa cup quarter - final defeat by manchester united is ` ` not good enough '' .
the chief minister of india 's tamil nadu state , jayaram jayalalitha , has resigned .
one of the uk 's biggest coffee shops has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to buying coffee shops and restaurants .
councils in england and wales are to be charged with fraud over the next five years , the bbc has learned .
a ` ` dangerous '' man who was stabbed to death in a ` ` violent '' knife attack has been given the go - ahead .
sale sharks have re - signed sale sharks centre matt crooks on a two - year deal .
a study into the spread of honeybees in the uk has found that the animals are at risk of extinction .
a school has apologised after two children were injured when their car plunged into a tree .
thousands of people have been suspended from the german music festival for the first time in more than two years , organisers say .
german chancellor angela merkel has said she is ` ` very happy '' with germany 's prime minister after the paris attacks .
two men accused of the hatton garden jewellery raid have gone on trial accused of being part of the plot .
burton albion 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw .
the world 's fastest beer is more likely to be in the world , according to us researchers .
sports direct has said it will cut its profit forecast for the first half of the year after it reported a fall in profits .
welshman liam evans has been named in the women 's world championship for the first time in 25 years .
at least 15 people have been killed in a landslide in the south - east of england , officials say .
foreign secretary boris johnson has said he is ` ` confident '' russia will be able to visit ukraine .
scientists have developed a drug that can reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes , a study suggests .
the uk is to launch a mobile phone service in the uk to help tackle the threat of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
two people have been rescued from a block of flats in south lanarkshire after a fire broke out .
iraqi forces have launched a new offensive against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the northern city of mosul .
a new law aimed at tackling the mental health crisis has been launched by aberdeenshire and aberdeen .
the formula 1 season gets under way this weekend , and it 's been the most exciting season in formula 1 .
the us has launched an online campaign to help jewish organisations fight the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a father - of - two has been found guilty of murdering his two - year - old son in a county dublin flat .
drinks giant coca - cola has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first quarter of the year .
` ` it was n't easy , '' says sir philip green 's former chief executive of bhs .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- leader marine le pen has urged the uk to leave the european union .
exeter city secured their first win of the season with a 2 - 1 win over cambridge united at st james park .
one of the uk 's best - known artists has paid tribute to a ` ` joke '' .
` ` we ' ve been talking about what you 're going to do , '' said the word ` ` hate '' .
the funeral of a woman who died in the manchester arena attack has taken place in the city centre .
pop star ed sheeran has been nominated for this year 's mtv mtv music awards , with one of the biggest names in europe .
munster director of rugby andy murray has apologised to the rugby football union for failing to remove concussion .
a lifeboat crew has been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by a member of the public .
british number one victoria azarenka has been knocked out of the aegon open in the second round of the australian open .
india beat india by eight wickets in the first one - day international to win the one - day series .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes on anglesey have been approved by the welsh government .
a county durham council 's planning inspector has been given the go - ahead by the county council .
st mirren came from behind to beat st mirren and move up to second in the championship .
artificial intelligence -lrb- technology -rrb- could be used to test artificial intelligence , according to a new study .
plans to build a garden bridge in central london have been approved by the mayor of the city council .
munster moved to the top of the european champions cup with a bonus - point win over edinburgh at kingspan stadium .
the head of the uk 's child sex abuse inquiry -lrb- paa -rrb- has said he is ` ` disappointed '' the inquiry into child sexual abuse .
` ` if you do n't have a disability , '' says the chief minister of the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipa -rrb- .
fulham boss slavisa jokanovic says he is ` ` disappointed '' about his return to the club .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 is to be carried out by scientists .
the nhs in northern ireland is being offered a test to test a paedophile paedophile doctor .
dame judi dench , who was murdered by nazi war crimes , has said she was ` ` shocked '' by her former colleagues .
a man has set a new world record for the world 's fastest bag in the world after taking a world record .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod yn dilyn ei ddiweddaraf .
a group of climbers have been told to return to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- because of an avalanche .
mae ' r heddlu yng nghymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghaerdydd .
a russian man has been sentenced to six years in prison for hacking into the us government 's credit card scheme .
a man has been robbed of # 20,000 by a gang of men who stole # 20,000 from a building in aberdeen .
a two - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after a crash on the a55 in denbighshire .
scientists say they have found the earliest evidence of a tiny species of ancient humans in the south china sea .
a council has been ordered to pay more than # 3,000 in fines of up to # 3,000 for animal cruelty .
ex - england prop luke watkins has been banned for two years by the welsh rugby union for doping .
scotland 's education secretary has called on the government to introduce a free school for free school meals .
pharmaceutical firm glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has become the first in the uk to introduce a drug .
malaysia 's prime minister has apologised after a video apparently showing a muslim woman in the city .
a teaching union has called on two of its members to take part in a dispute over pay and conditions .
cardiff city have unveiled plans for a new # 1 m stadium for the champions league final in cardiff .
in the french capital , paris , a young chinese man has been attacked by a gang of youths in the city of paris .
belgium 's highest court has upheld a ban on the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in belgium .
mali is one of the world 's best - known countries , but it is now one of africa 's most dangerous states .
la land has topped the us box office for the first time in more than a decade after it was released .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has been released from office , the bbc has learned .
jeremy corbyn has written to labour 's shadow cabinet to suggest it would be ` ` disastrous '' if labour wins the general election .
a couple who died in a plane crash in new zealand have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to their daughter 's death .
manchester city boss roberto mancini says he is ` ` not happy '' about his side 's premier league return to the premier league .
one direction 's most popular twitter message has been released by the us president 's official twitter account .
a man who raped a 15-year - old girl in northern ireland has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a motorcyclist has died following a crash with a motorbike on the isle of man .
` ` we ' ve got a bit of a lot of things , '' says george osborne .
it was n't the best actor in the uk , but it 's not just a few years ago .
kenya 's security forces are struggling to cope with the threat of islamist militants , a report says .
a cyber - attack on the uk 's cyber - attack has left thousands of people dead .
the world 's biggest investment bank -lrb- ww -rrb- - the biggest rise in the world - has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 .
wales scrum - half jamie roberts will join cardiff blues at the end of the 2016 - 17 season .
rangers striker pedro caixinha has signed a new three - year contract with the scottish premiership club .
motherwell have signed motherwell striker thomas thomas for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
there 's a shortage of teachers in northern ireland , but there 's no plans to make it easier to recruit teachers .
mark selby says he is ` ` devastated '' by the injury he suffered in the first round of the uk championship .
bristol city council has been accused of ` ` mismanagement '' by the council of ` ` misleading '' council officials .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the government 's response to the trident nuclear weapons system .
port vale manager lee clark says the club will not be able to move to the premier league next season .
the london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a row over ticket office closures could be made .
china 's tata steel group has agreed a deal to buy two of its plants in the region .
it 's not easy to see jeremy corbyn 's general election victory - but what does it mean ?
the number of nurses working in the nhs in england has risen by almost a quarter of the population .
german police say they have arrested a man suspected of plotting to kill a police officer in the city .
george osborne 's spending review has warned that the government will spend more than # 1bn on welfare .
` ` we ' ve never heard of my life , '' says neil warne , the university of oregon .
a four - year - old boy who was jailed for sexually abusing a three - year - old boy in leicester has been told he can not be allowed to work .
liverpool have completed the signing of liverpool striker christian benteke from liverpool for a fee of about # 12 m .
the bbc is to introduce a series of women in the channel islands , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
a florida football team has rescued a man who became trapped in a swimming pool while swimming in florida .
a 14-year - old girl has been found dead at a mental health unit in cornwall , police have said .
police forces in england and wales are being investigated by the police watchdog over allegations of child sexual abuse , a bbc investigation has found .
watford maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard - fought victory over watford at vicarage road .
the government has launched a legal challenge to the government 's plans to cut disabled and disabled people .
detectives investigating the murder of a woman in west dunbartonshire have launched a fresh appeal to help find her killer .
ulster have appointed former ireland fly - half matt clarke as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
south africa 's independence from south africa , the country 's most populous country , has a long - running civil war .
the uk is to send military aircraft to syria to help fight against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
scientists say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the impact of sea pollution in the north sea .
coronation street has won this year 's bbc radio 4 soap awards , beating the show 's got talent .
an investigation is under way into the cause of a crash on the channel islands which was hit by a ferry .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady suffered a setback as the super league 's first match of the season .
the uk 's first drone is to be tested in bristol , the ministry of defence has announced .
the united nations says it is ready to retake the iraqi city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the brazilian grand prix has been closed for the second time , with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
the body of lockerbie bomber abdelbaset muammar gaddafi has been flown back to libya .
league one side colchester united have signed huddersfield town striker nathan ingolstadt on loan until the end of the season .
uk firms are being warned about the dangers of cyber - attacks and cyber attacks , a survey suggests .
glamorgan all - rounder luke wright has signed a new two - year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
scotland 's political leaders have clashed over the snp 's plans for a second general election .
a record number of grey seal pups have been spotted in norfolk , according to the national trust .
star wars actor ewan fett is one of the world 's most famous star wars characters .
the leader of the welsh assembly has called for an inquiry into the ` ` scrutinised '' scams .
the us says it will send more troops to iraq to help fight so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a pilot died when a light aircraft crashed in a field , an inquest has heard of his death .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is ` ` happy '' to be the next ukip leader .
sale sharks scrum - half danny cipriani will retire at the end of the season .
britain 's chris froome failed to qualify for the vuelta a espana after a crash on sunday .
comedian eddie howe has been named the uk 's best - known entertainer of the year .
bristol city boss lee johnson says his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by bristol city was a ` ` disaster '' .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have said they are ` ` shocked and disappointed '' after a concert in new york .
the world 's largest marine conservation group has warned that global warming could be damaging to global warming .
the owners of a dog which was killed in a crash with a dog have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
the funeral of a royal marine killed in afghanistan has taken place in dunfermline , fife .
raheem sterling scored a hat - trick as newcastle came from behind to beat west ham in the efl cup .
england will play fiji in the rugby world cup semi - finals for the second time in a row .
british cycling 's director of british cycling says he is ` ` shocked '' by claims of bullying .
a nigerian actress has apologised after she was accused of being racially abused by a muslim woman .
hundreds of fish have washed up on a cornwall beach , prompting a warning to the public about safety .
thousands of children in england are to be offered free childcare as part of a government review into childcare .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will not stand down as leader of the party 's general election .
south africa 's national crime agency -lrb- gj -rrb- has launched an online campaign to promote the country 's beauty industry .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has told a court that he shot and killed his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
ghana 's parliament has approved a new constitution that will allow president john mahama to step down .
swansea city head coach tony pulis says the premier league relegation zone is a ` ` huge '' .
the scottish parliament has voted to introduce a ban on circuses in circuses and circuses in scotland .
more than half of the world 's richest people are living in poverty , according to a new report .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in cardiff .
a judge in the us has ruled that a us appeals hearing will be held in the trial of a guantanamo bay detainee .
the family of a woman found dead in edinburgh have said they are ` ` very concerned '' about the circumstances surrounding the discovery of her body .
sale sharks head coach mike phillips says the welsh rugby union will be ` ` the best team in the world '' .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 quarter - finals were dealt a blow when they lost 2 - 1 to poland in dublin .
jazz carlin has become the first briton to win the european indoor championships in cardiff after finishing second at the european championships .
the number of deaths at a prison in kent has risen , according to a report by the prison service .
northern ireland 's health minister has said she is ` ` deeply disappointed '' that abortion laws should be made available on abortion .
europe 's henrik stenson will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the dubai desert classic .
thousands of migrants have marched through brighton to protest against the impact of the uk 's migrant crisis .
the scottish government is to set up a new law aimed at tackling homophobic hate crimes in scotland .
the conservative party has launched an investigation into claims of bullying and bullying at a school in east london .
in the wake of the us election , barack obama 's decision to leave the country was n't always going to be .
a family in county down have been asked to leave their home after a police search was called off .
taxi - hailing app uber has been criticised by the transport minister for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
snapchat has announced it will launch its first edition of the messaging app snapchat in san francisco .
a labour mp has resigned from the party 's general election , saying it would be ` ` impossible '' for the nhs in northamptonshire .
belgian authorities are investigating the deadly bomb attacks in brussels which killed more than 100 people , officials say .
a deal to buy vauxhall and vauxhall plants is expected to be held in brussels later .
a man was shot dead by his mother during an argument at a house in cambridgeshire , an inquest has heard .
police searching for a man reported missing in the republic of ireland have found a body in a river .
a # 3.5 m project to build a bridge on the river thames in west sussex has been approved .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend to death in london has been jailed for life .
the wife of zimbabwean president robert mugabe has been refused permission to return to the capital , pretoria .
josh taylor says he is ready to defend his ibf featherweight title at glasgow 's o2 arena .
it 's been a year since hogmanay celebrations in the scottish borders and the new year .
two men have been rescued from the sea after their dingwall capsized on the scottish borders coast .
a hoard of gold worth more than # 20,000 has been found in scaffolding in scunthorpe .
a london art gallery has opened its doors for the first time in more than 30 years , but it is not a ride .
police are investigating allegations of historical sex abuse against a 14-year - old girl in north lanarkshire .
a new tool has been discovered in the wild for the first time in more than 50 years , it has emerged .
the british currys have been named the winner of this year 's competition in the uk 's competition .
more than 1,000 eu citizens in the republic of ireland have been urged to register to vote in the eu referendum .
a prison has been criticised by the ministry of justice -lrb- ico -rrb- for failing to meet staff and staff .
morecambe came from behind to beat 10-man morecambe and move into the league two play - off places .
us president barack obama has said the obama administration will not be able to use the us healthcare system .
leicester tigers have re - signed leinster centre henry morris on a two - year deal from next season .
kilmarnock manager martin canning says there is no plans for a new club in the scottish premiership .
the funeral of a man who died during the battle of the somme has taken place in the town .
harlequins director of rugby steve o'shea has left the premiership club by mutual consent .
scientists in the us have unveiled a new method of developing type 2 diabetes , which will be used to detect the disease .
australian singer and actor johnny depp has said he will vote on whether to marry a gay couple .
former newcastle united manager alan shearer says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's owners .
police are investigating after a dog was stolen from a tattoo parlour 's yard in london .
a tiny island in southern france has become the first in the world to be built in the pacific .
a man has admitted raping and raping a woman at a greater manchester home in the early hours of christmas .
police have identified a man who died when his car crashed into a wall in north lanarkshire .
a woman has denied murdering her six - month - old daughter at a bus stop in wiltshire .
police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a ` ` cowardly attack '' in conwy county .
a man has been jailed for four months for plotting a bomb attack on a bristol airport , a court has heard .
it 's almost a decade since the england and wales cricket board -lrb- eb -rrb- won the world cup .
the world 's longest aircraft is preparing to fly around the world to the pacific ocean this weekend .
people living in the south of england are being asked to give their views on the council 's plans .
a man has been jailed for raping a 15-year - old girl in ayrshire .
a fire has been captured on camera after a fire broke out at an indoor indoor market in wrexham .
it 's been a year since andy murray 's final match of the year at wimbledon as he prepares to defend his wimbledon title .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with head injuries in a street .
arsenal won the fa cup for the first time this season as they beat aston villa at wembley on sunday .
one of the world 's biggest car companies has unveiled a new design for the electric car market .
a pembrokeshire bus company has been put up for sale after it was bought by a bus company .
a man has been left with life - threatening injuries after being hit by a car in glasgow .
the french government says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the deaths of dozens of passengers on board the egyptair plane .
the welsh government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to improving rail services , the welsh secretary has said .
a royal navy bunker has been opened in portsmouth to mark the 950th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
former guantanamo bay detainee bakr al - qaeda leader osama bin laden has been killed in a car bomb attack in yemen .
donald trump has said he will not attend the republican presidential nomination , despite a row over his nomination .
scientists say they have found a new type of ` ` iceberg '' in the loch of loch ness .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to be in the glastonbury festival .
the wife of a woman who died in a crash which killed her husband has been given a suspended jail sentence .
the world 's largest energy agency -lrb- bp -rrb- has said it is ` ` not good enough '' to tackle the global crisis .
fleetwood came from behind to beat league one strugglers charlton and reach the second round of the efl cup .
south africa 's world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has been accused of failing a drugs test .
newtonmore secured their place in the scottish cup quarter - finals thanks to a 2 - 0 win over macclesfield at tannadice .
premiership club bristol have re - signed former harlequins prop ryan harris on a two - year deal .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for grooming and abusing boys in the 1970s and 80s .
the new formula 1 season gets under way this weekend , but there 's a lot more about the future .
the uk 's economy is set to grow by 0.5 % , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a grade ii - listed pier has opened to the public for the first time in more than 30 years .
lewis hamilton says he is ` ` ready '' to win the world championship for the second time this season .
england fly - half owen farrell will be fit for saturday 's six nations match against england at twickenham .
a south african pastor has said he will not be allowed to travel to the country to fight homosexuality .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have spoken of their ` ` distress '' after a baby was rescued from a snowdonia beach .
a humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of south wales for the first time in a year .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a 20-year - old man who was stabbed to death in tyneside .
south korea 's catriona matthew shot a six - under - par 66 to win the women 's world cup in hawaii .
arctic scientists say they have found a new ice rink in the arctic ocean , which could lead to melting ice .
first minister carwyn jones has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the migrant crisis .
a us drugmaker has agreed to buy us drug maker zikas for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.6 bn -rrb- .
the un has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a truce in syria 's northern city of aleppo has been cancelled .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the uk government 's plans to devolve the minimum wage .
portadown 's fa cup first - round tie ended with a 2 - 0 win over nottingham forest in the first round of the fa cup .
barnsley earned their first win of the season as they beat barnsley to move back to the top of league one .
england all - rounder varun chopra made his first county championship century of the season against middlesex at edgbaston .
commonwealth games judo star stephanie inglis has said she is ` ` devastated '' after being injured in an accident in vietnam .
more than 1,000 sheep are expected to be auctioned for the first time this year .
footage of the aurora borealis has been captured on camera being filmed in the cairngorms .
the chief executive of the new york city airport has been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' .
two men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in denbighshire .
the burmese government has approved a plan to end the violence in rakhine state , the un has said .
floyd mayweather will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on saturday , after the ufc champion decided not to use it .
the government should be given the go - ahead to build a new dual carriageway , an mp has said .
the number of veterans who have died during world war one has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a new study .
welsh boxer lee selby will defend his ibf featherweight title at cardiff 's o2 arena .
the latest report on crime in scotland has published a report on the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
brexit secretary david jones has written to the prime minister asking him to leave the european union .
police scotland has launched an inquiry into the use of child sexual exploitation -lrb- cse -rrb- in scotland .
egypt 's president abdul fattah al - sisi has accused the government of trying to cross the pacific islands of homs .
a labour mp has called for an inquiry into historical child sex abuse in wales to be made public .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his mother 's baby son .
a group of indian fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of mumbai on sunday .
sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat sheffield united and reach the efl cup second round at wembley .
league two side crawley town have re - signed watford midfielder jon gormley on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been reunited with his son after he fell from a cliff in south - west london .
a comic book in toronto has apologised after a photo went viral on social media went viral .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in her home .
it 's been a couple of years since the welsh conservatives took part in the general election in cardiff .
nottinghamshire captain edgbaston says saturday 's t20 blast quarter - final against nottinghamshire will be a ` ` huge success '' .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted setting fire to a man in edinburgh .
uganda 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals suffered a blow as they lost 2 - 1 to uganda .
theresa may has said she is ` ` very confident '' her us counterpart donald trump will be able to meet in the wake of the brexit vote .
a hoard of roman artefacts from a cave in the french capital , paris , has been unearthed by scientists .
hundreds of thousands of people have been freed from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq , the un says .
counter - terrorism police in england and wales will be deployed to combat terror attacks , the metropolitan police federation has said .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that it will not be able to save # 1.5 m in funding .
tottenham have completed the signing of tottenham and manchester city midfielder paul walker from tottenham for # 12 m .
plans for a new prison in wrexham have been put on hold by the prime minister for the first time .
leyton orient owner francesco becchetti has left the club after a legal battle with the club .
a new book has been revealed for the first time in the history of the city 's history .
millwall reached the fa cup quarter - finals for the first time with a 2 - 1 win over millwall .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has cancelled his request to travel to the us for visa - free travel .
the number of english students in england and wales has fallen for the first time in almost a decade .
jockey william buick has been discharged from hospital after suffering a head injury in a fall at the cheltenham festival .
tottenham manager pep guardiola said he was ` ` embarrassed '' by his side 's 2 - 1 draw with tottenham .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of royal navy frigates on the clyde .
the syrian government has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the bombing of a rebel - held town in damascus .
a woman with breast cancer is calling for a petition calling for the nhs to be given to women in scotland .
swansea city have signed swansea city midfielder jack stacey on loan until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .
a plane carrying more than 100 passengers has crashed in florida , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
world number one ding junhui was knocked out of the world championship by mark selby in the second round of the uk championship .
astronomers say they have found the first evidence of one of the world 's most important planets ever seen .
a project to map the great barrier reef in cornwall has been launched by bbc radio 5 live investigates .
david cameron has insisted he will not be re - elected as prime minister if he wins the general election .
glasgow warriors have signed scotland centre mark hogg from glasgow warriors for the 2017 - 18 premiership season .
the royal navy 's new fleet of royal navy warships is to be carried out by the ministry of defence .
a nottingham woman whose daughter was born with a rare genetic condition says she has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by her daughter .
plans to close a hospital in shropshire have been approved by the health board -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
birmingham city boss harry redknapp says the club will be ` ` on the brink of relegation '' .
mps are calling for the government to introduce a ` ` new tax '' on child benefit payments .
one of the world 's most famous paintings has sold for # 1.5 m at auction .
the north wales police and crime commissioner -lrb- dy -rrb- has accused the force of ` ` failing '' its funding .
a world war two plane which crashed in oxford is to be recreated as part of a new exhibition .
wigan warriors moved up to second in super league with a hard - fought victory over hull fc .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
blackpool came from behind to beat 10-man blackpool and move into the league two play - off places .
a prison in cheshire has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors for the first time since 2009 .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won the women 's tour of britain with victory in a thrilling race to take a one - shot lead .
` ` if you 're going to be the next president , '' says donald trump , the republican nominee for the us presidency .
an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation at kids company has been launched by the uk 's largest charity .
a section of the m4 motorway has reopened after a lorry overturned on the m5 . '
a man accused of carrying out a ` ` horrendous '' acid attack has told a court he felt ` ` like a woman '' .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has urged turkey to stop fighting islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a court in china has sentenced a chinese woman to life in prison for defrauding the country 's oil industry .
england 's record - breaking six nations win over australia is a doubt for saturday 's match against australia .
the zimbabwean football federation -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it will not ban the lion 's ban on a black lion .
england head coach steve mcnamara says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the rugby football union 's decision to appoint a new head coach .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man in rhondda cynon taff .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side 's performance in the 2 - 0 defeat by dunfermline .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has been arrested in connection with a corruption scandal .
the european union has agreed a plan to resettle the migrant crisis in calais , in a bid to reach the uk .
a bus company has said it is ` ` confident '' a new # 1.5 m bus station could be built in cambridgeshire .
hundreds of wolves have been banned from playing a park in the forest of wolves in a row over safety concerns .
a man has been killed in a gun attack in mali 's capital , mogadishu .
mansfield came from behind to beat cheltenham and move into the league two play - off places with victory at cheltenham .
sir bradley wiggins became the first british rider to win the british grand prix in a row with victory in the race .
the us federal reserve has warned that the federal reserve will not be able to raise interest rates for asia .
ukip leader nathan gill has said he will not stand for the party 's welsh assembly election .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says he is interested in signing a new contract with the premiership club .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at why his wife is born .
italy has declared a state of emergency as the country 's worst earthquake has killed at least 20 people .
human remains have been found in a park in bath , police have said , as part of an investigation .
vietnam 's government says it is ` ` shocked '' that a boat carrying asylum seekers was rescued by a group of asylum seekers .
a man and a woman have been injured in a knife attack in north lanarkshire , police say .
it 's been a year since scotland voted to leave the european union , but it 's not a lot of things .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod yn cael ei gartref sydd wedi dweud eu bod yn ` ` yn [ UNK ] '' .
elite league champions cardiff devils have re - signed cardiff devils back - to - back mike mike .
google shares fell 2 % in after - hours trading in the first three months of the year .
donald trump 's wife , the us supreme court , has given birth to a family in the united states .
a disabled man who was hit by a train has said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by delays to train services .
it was a street in central london that was once described as the ` ` jungle '' of the city .
the body of a british aid worker who disappeared in afghanistan has been found , an inquest has heard .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as portugal beat portugal 2 - 0 in the euro 2016 semi - finals .
northern ireland 's vote to leave the european union is ` ` not good enough '' , a survey suggests .
a ukrainian woman has been expelled from the country 's anti - terrorism ministry after being accused of using social media .
a collection of more than 1,000 people have gone on display at a north yorkshire museum .
israeli police have fired tear gas and tear gas to disperse hundreds of palestinian protesters in the occupied west bank .
sir philip green is to be appointed as the head of the uk 's biggest retailer , the bbc understands .
one of the world 's most famous steam locomotives - the flying scotsman - is to open its doors .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been attacked by a gun attack on a jewish centre in new jersey .
a mother has spoken of her ` ` terrifying '' moment she was abducted from a school in calais by a child .
there 's a general election coming up in wales , with the conservatives hoping to win the general election .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the scottish labour party 's plans for the next general election .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since the recession .
mohammad guptill 's unbeaten century helped pakistan beat pakistan by eight wickets in the one - day cup .
a pilot has died after his engine crashed in a field in north yorkshire , police have said , .
a glasgow - based entrepreneur has said that he is ` ` amazed '' that the company has bought the world 's biggest laptop .
colombia 's government says it will resume peace talks with the country 's largest rebel group in the country .
jeremy corbyn and owen smith have backed labour 's leadership bid for the party 's leadership .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill praised his team 's ` ` incredible '' performance in their 2 - 0 world cup qualifier against poland .
the government says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about funding for the uk 's largest private sector .
plaid cymru has launched its manifesto for the welsh government 's new # 1bn funding scheme .
a british man has been arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join so - called islamic state .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has lost his appeal against his conviction for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
scientists in the netherlands have launched a competition to find the world 's most famous bee - maker .
the leader of the taliban in afghanistan has been shot dead by the taliban , the bbc has learned .
saudi arabia says it carried out a raid on a lorry on a motorway near mecca last week .
james vince hit a career - best century to help somerset fight back on day two against hampshire .
the welsh government has been ` ` shocked '' by brexit , the first minister has said .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the philippines have killed more than 1,000 civilians , officials say .
the mother of a six - year - old girl who went missing in the uk has launched an appeal to find her daughter .
manchester united boss louis van gaal has been given a two - match touchline ban by the football association .
former scottish labour leader lord ashcroft has said he is ` ` proud '' of his party .
the mother of a palestinian woman who died in a house fire in jerusalem has said she is ` ` devastated '' .
europe 's rosetta probe has revealed details of the ` ` best - loved comet '' .
guernsey 's fa cup fifth - round tie against national league side dover will be played on saturday .
it 's been a summer of time for barcelona , barcelona and paris st - germain -lrb- psg -rrb- .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of entertainer rolf harris , who has died at his home in blackpool .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my life , '' said andy murray , who was born in his home city of liverpool .
the grand national at aintree is set to be held on sunday , with the final race of the year remaining .
the mother of a seven - year - old girl who died from a brain tumour has said she feels ` ` devastated '' after her death .
martina navratilova has apologised to the women 's tennis federation -lrb- lta -rrb- over comments made by martina navratilova .
hundreds of people have marched through londonderry to protest against the removal of soldiers from bloody sunday .
an advert for a british bake off chocolate has been sold for # 2,000 .
jeremy corbyn has said he wants to ` ` stand up '' with the conservatives if he wins the general election .
` ` we ' ve never heard of the world 's most prolific paedophiles . ''
the rmt union has said it is ` ` appalled '' by a series of strikes by southern rail and southern rail .
the number of children in wales diagnosed with e. coli has risen by 25 % in the past year .
premiership side harlequins have signed scotland international prop jackson jackson on a two - year deal .
us president donald trump has said he will not use military training in afghanistan if he is to leave the country .
` ` we ' ve been talking about the media , '' says ed miliband , the editor of the daily telegraph 's daily telegraph , and the daily mirror -lrb- fsa -rrb- .
zlatan ibrahimovic has left paris st - germain after leaving paris st - germain .
the government 's plans to introduce a scheme to help people in the uk have been passed by the government .
a review into the use of the nhs in england has found that patients should be offered a contraceptive pill .
the international space agency -lrb- ipcc -rrb- says it is ` ` appalled '' by sri lanka 's recent death row .
archaeologists say they have found an ancient temple on the outskirts of the northern city of maiduguri .
lazio 's hopes of avoiding relegation suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by lazio .
a motorist has been fined # 2,000 after police found a car on the track .
zayn malik has said she is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the music industry 's sound of music .
an 11-year - old boy who died after being hit by a train at a school has been given a posthumous degree .
ireland were knocked out of the one - day cup as afghanistan beat afghanistan by five wickets in a rain - affected match .
hundreds of migrants have been found dead in the libyan sea after a boat capsized in the mediterranean .
a section of the m4 has been closed after a lorry caught fire on the m5 .
china 's imports rose by 1.1 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
images have been revealed for the first time in scotland 's got got under way in the highlands .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday as investors digest the outcome of the us election .
the history of wales ' oldest settlers has been described as ` ` one of the most important discoveries in history '' .
people in wales should be given a chance to get better access to the nhs , a leading health expert has said .
hundreds of people have been left ` ` devastated '' by a spate of thefts and thefts .
the festive season is n't over the festive period , but there 's a lot of people in the uk .
the gambia 's yaya sanogo is hoping to return to the africa cup of nations after returning from international football .
the family of a girl who died after she was crushed to death in a wheelie bin have launched a fundraising appeal .
ukip 's paul nuttall has accused the party of ` ` disrespectful '' comments he made about brexit .
dame judi dench has said she is ` ` devastated '' by being diagnosed with cancer .
a man has successfully completed a record - breaking attempt to cross the river severn in sri lanka .
the brother of a british man killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has spoken of his ` ` incredible '' moment of his life .
pierre - emerick aubameyang scored a hat - trick as borussia dortmund came from behind to beat borussia dortmund .
israeli police are hunting a man who carried out a knife attack on a bar in the city of jerusalem .
jermain defoe 's second - half goal gave stoke a narrow victory over stoke .
a collection of beatles memorabilia has been sold at auction for # 20,000 at an auction .
zayn malik and zayn malik have arrived in the us for the first time in more than a decade .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has successfully launched its first rocket .
pep guardiola will play manchester city in the champions league quarter - finals at old trafford .
royal mail is to ballot its members on strike action in a bid to save # 1.5 m over pay .
theresa may 's speech at the centre of the debate about the uk 's exit from the european union was n't the moment .
the isle of man has announced plans to introduce a new ` ` blacklist '' for female music .
the government has been accused of being ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government 's pledge to pay for apprenticeships .
somerset fought back to beat somerset by eight wickets in a rain - affected match at taunton .
un secretary general ban ki - moon has called on the us to end the conflict in syria .
a food company has been ordered to pay a total of thousands of tonnes of meat , after a court ruled it had been unlawful .
arbroath moved into the scottish league cup quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 win over montrose .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in asia rose on friday after the european central bank reported a rise in interest rates .
a school in kent has become the first in the uk to introduce a ban on sugary drinks .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on friday , with shares in european and european markets .
west brom midfielder diafra sakho will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
northern ireland 's largest farmers ' union has said they are ` ` appalled '' by the stormont executive 's decision to grant compensation .
arsene wenger 's hat - trick helped arsenal overcome tottenham in the fa cup quarter - final at wembley .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid came from behind to beat 10-man real madrid in la liga .
david goodwillie says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his former club clyde side for the league two play - off final .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has appeared in court accused of murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
chinese super league side al ahli have been fined # 50,000 for throwing flares during a match against celta vigo .
the government is ` ` completely unacceptable '' and ` ` unsustainable '' , the government has said .
conservationists are calling for the government to reduce the risk of flooding in england and wales by 2020 .
the number of student loans in wales has risen by more than half a million in the last year .
two wolfs have been killed in the french alps in what is believed to be one of the world 's most remote mountains .
police in the republic of ireland have shot dead a man in a shooting at a house in dublin .
dunfermline athletic have completed the signing of defender de vries zinedine zidane .
swansea city have appointed paul clement as their new manager on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
police investigating the murder of a man in north belfast have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the ira .
manchester city have completed the signing of algeria international mohamed salah on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
huddersfield giants moved up to second in super league with a comfortable win over wakefield at the kcom stadium .
thousands of people have been left without water after a burst water main in york city centre left thousands without water .
the us supreme court has ruled that same - sex couples should be allowed to marry their marriage .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
clydesdale bank -lrb- nab -rrb- has reported a loss of # 1.4 bn for the first three months of the financial year .
great britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the davis cup with victory over belgium .
the head of the democratic unionist party -lrb- ea -rrb- has called for a review of paramilitary activity in northern ireland .
in our series of letters from the schoolgirls who were abducted by boko haram militants in north - east nigeria .
the uk 's largest airport is to be cancelled from next year , the government has announced , in a bid to reduce flights .
the welsh conservatives are ` ` not doing well '' , the leader of the welsh assembly has said .
gary anderson 's late goal gave st mirren victory over st mirren in the scottish premiership .
oil and gas giant bp is to cut 1,000 jobs over the next three years , it has been announced .
a new study has revealed how many of the homes of women are more likely to have sex with them .
actor tom perry is to appear in a new tv show about his life in the west end of england .
a 13-year - old girl has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off anglesey .
the company behind the troubled zano mini - drone project has apologised for ` ` unacceptable '' details of the project .
scotrail has apologised after passengers were left stranded on the main line between edinburgh and edinburgh .
a report into japan 's fukushima nuclear plant has found that radioactive material could lead to the crisis .
a british man who was convicted of child sex offences is to be released on bail in the uk .
the us military says it has apologised for a boy who went missing in northern afghanistan last year .
california governor jerry brown has declared a state of emergency in the state of california for the first time in five years .
a petition calling for a ban on dogs in wales to be given to dogs has been backed by the welsh government .
england captain joe root says his side are capable of reaching the quarter - finals of the world twenty20 .
a lancashire prison has been forced to close because of a lack of beds , the bbc has learned .
queen of the south maintained their 100 % start to the season with victory over queen 's park .
a woman in her 50s has died in a crash on the a74 in county tyrone .
it 's been described as a ` ` virtual reality '' -lrb- snu -rrb- , but it 's not a very different story .
a 16-year - old boy has been recalled to the channel tunnel after a ` ` severe '' migrant crisis .
shoppers have been left ` ` devastated '' after they were stolen from a shop in london .
shares in japanese water giant diage have risen after the company agreed to buy a majority stake in the company .
arbroath moved top of scottish league two with a 2 - 1 win over cowdenbeath .
itv has extended its contract with the x factor for the first time , ending a five - year contract extension .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader arlene foster has written to the dup 's deputy first minister to call for a new government .
it 's one of the most famous writers in the uk , but it 's not just a few years ago .
us president barack obama will attend a memorial to japanese prime minister shinzo abe for the first time in more than 20 years .
newcastle united have signed bournemouth striker dwight gayle for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
it 's been a year since the death of a pembrokeshire man who was shot and killed .
a tiger had to be rescued after becoming stuck in a drain in a field in hampshire .   's
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the snp 's decision to change laws on english laws .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about donald trump 's administration .
motorists are being warned about the dangers of drug - driving in the uk , according to a new report .
one of the uk 's best - known providers has claimed that a new study suggests .
a former met police officer has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences against jimmy savile .
a man who had to travel to the us for nearly two years has been told he will not be able to travel abroad .
the number of school pupils in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2012 , according to official figures .
two conservative mps have been awarded # 100,000 after they were subjected to abuse by a group of mps .
gloucestershire county council has approved plans for a new police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
tottenham moved up to second in the premier league with a comfortable win over tottenham at the kcom stadium .
tony blair 's plans for a new prime minister 's questions have been made in the house of commons .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner has called for an independent review into the case of undercover police scotland .
one of the world 's most famous landmarks , the island 's most popular tourist destinations , has opened its doors .
the m8 in north lanarkshire has reopened after a lorry burst into the carriageway .
the green party in london has launched its manifesto for the local elections in the general election in may .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend to death with a crossbow has been jailed for life .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain has been issued in parts of south wales .
a nigerian man accused of kidnapping and kidnapping a woman in the city of lagos has been refused bail .
a floating ferry is to be installed on the clyde for the first time in more than 30 years .
championship play - off hopefuls sheffield wednesday fought back from a goal down to draw at sheffield wednesday .
the number of junior doctors in scotland has risen by more than doubled in the past year , figures show .
newport gwent dragons centre mark cuddfod has signed a two - year contract extension with the pro12 club .
if you ' ve spent more than # 20,000 on apple 's coffee cup , you 're going to be sold at auction .
an australian woman who died in a coffee accident in indonesia has been identified as a result of her death , police say .
a ` ` forgotten '' steam locomotive is to be auctioned in lincolnshire for the first time .
the us state of florida has ordered a safety review after a water leak was found in a lake .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has voted in favour of south africa 's court of justice .
hillary clinton has died at the age of 69 , the bbc has confirmed .   's director general .
everton boss roberto martinez says his side are ` ` not good enough '' to avoid premier league relegation .
an australian zoo has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the help of a man who has had to leave his home .
more than half of england 's most deprived areas are living in their homes , according to new research .
ulster bank -lrb- rbs -rrb- has reported a pre - tax loss of # 1.6 m for the first three months of 2015 .
britons are more likely to have a healthy healthy , according to a study in the lancet .
the remains of one of the oldest homes in the republic of ireland have been identified by the government .
the isle of man have been crowned european champions for the second time in a row after beating hungary 2 - 0 .
thailand 's government has been fined a total of 10,000 passengers for failing to control air traffickers .
two men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle heroin into cardiff and leaving them in a car .
thousands of people have been caught up in nepal after a devastating earthquake that killed more than 100 people .
the conservatives have taken control of nottinghamshire county council - the largest council in the uk - in the region .
iran 's supreme leader has said he will not accept the country 's nuclear deal with iran .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo beat tp mazembe 2 - 0 in the final of the african confederation cup .
plans for a # 3.5 m hydro power plant in gwynedd have been rejected by campaigners .
the family of a footballer who died after a brain injury have called for the football association to raise awareness of brain damage .
us climate change chief negotiator negotiator has said the paris climate agreement will be a ` ` disaster '' .
torquay united have confirmed the takeover of torquay united by the end of the season will be completed .
more than half of england 's secondary schools have failed to pass exams , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
the european parliament 's top eu official has said she will not accept a $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- deal with the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
romelu lukaku says he wants to stay at manchester united until the end of the season .
ballymena united will face glenavon in saturday 's irish cup quarter - final against glenavon .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his party 's coverage of the general election .
belgium 's king has called on the belgian government to ban populist populism , saying it is ` ` dangerous '' .
wigan missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a draw by wigan .
images of photographs taken by the schoolboyfriend in africa have been released by the bbc .
` ` it 's a bit of a bit more than a few years ago , '' says the former prime minister of bangkok .
a man has appeared in court charged with stealing thousands of pounds worth of tickets from a wheelie bin .
one of scotland 's largest engineering firms has said it is ` ` very confident '' that the company will close its operations .
an investigation has been launched after a number of medical staff were found at a mental health clinic in cumbria .
edinburgh 's hogmanay celebrations have been held to mark the 70th anniversary of the grenfell tower fire .
leeds rhinos moved up to second in super league with a hard - fought victory over salford .
house prices in england and wales have fallen to their lowest level since 2009 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
plans to merge two hospitals in merseyside have been unveiled by the health and social care trust .
manchester city council has agreed to pay more than # 1.5 m in the next five years .
a new drug is needed to treat cancer patients , according to a report by the health watchdog .
the owners of a derby nature reserve have lost a legal challenge against plans to close a nature reserve .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman in the republic of ireland in 2007 .
one of the uk 's most endangered species has been given the go - ahead for the first time .
the police ombudsman has called for a review into the case of a man shot dead by the ira .
china 's largest public toilet is to open its doors for the first time in more than 20 years .
ospreys have been recalled to their european champions cup quarter - final against stade francais because of a hamstring injury .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` not happy '' about his side 's recent form .
more than half of people in wales have been told they are ` ` not aware '' about their work , a charity has said .
a judge in los angeles has ordered a judge to remove a former basketball player from the us , after a judge ruled that his wife was banned from entering the us .
the royal navy 's new boss , prince george , has announced his retirement from the royal family .
the british and irish governments have been asked to take part in the new channel 4 news channel 4 .
a group of mps and peers have backed a plan to buy the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
new england captain eoin morgan says he has ` ` no regrets '' about the future of the one - day team .
students at the university of london are to vote on whether to take part in a series of strikes .
two irish students have been killed in a balcony collapse in berkeley , california , in what is believed to be the worst in the us history .
inmates at a prison in papua new guinea have escaped from a jail where inmates escaped from jail , officials say .
french police say they have found a cat believed to be the first person to be missing in paris .
scientists say they have discovered a new species of toads who have grown in the western indian ocean .
the police ombudsman 's claim that a police ombudsman was involved in a car crash in northern ireland last year has been brought to an end .
paramilitaries and paramilitaries in northern ireland have been told they will not be able to save lives .
a man has been killed and another injured after a train derailed in paris , officials say . .
a woman has died after she was hit by a car in strabane , county london .old
thousands of people have marched through hull to attend the olympic games in protest at the london 2012 olympics .
world number one rory mcilroy says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the sport 's governing body .
the government is failing to improve social care in england and wales , according to a report by mps .
chesterfield came from behind to beat chesterfield and move into the league one play - off places with victory at chesterfield .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car hit pedestrians in greater manchester .
a sculpture of a man whose body was found on a beach in suffolk has been identified by police .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has warned that the number of people living in tobacco has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
a man has been charged with murder after the body of a man was found in a flat in leeds .
a bbc documentary about the beatles ' death is to be shown on bbc radio 4 's sound .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten by france .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , where adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has been ordered to pay $ 10,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6,000 -rrb- in damages to a judge .
a schoolboy from glasgow is to become the first british rider to win a prestigious british road race .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you 're going to know about the problem .
a section of the m4 motorway has reopened after a lorry overturned on the m5 in birmingham .
the metropolitan police has published details of a report into the handling of the grenfell attack in london .
rochdale came from behind to beat rochdale and move into the league one play - off places with victory at rochdale .
formula 1 's sebastian vettel said he was ` ` very worried '' about his future in formula 1 .
the metropolitan police 's chief constable , sir bernard hogan - howe , is one of the most senior figures in the uk .
a woman has won a gold medal at a cake auction in birmingham for the first time in her history .
a group of high court judges have launched a legal challenge to the uk 's supreme court over the brexit process .
actor craig whyte has said he is ` ` very happy '' to appear in the new james bond film .
great britain 's laura trott won gold in the women 's road race at the track cycling world championships .
nhs trusts in england have been told they must pay more than # 1.5 m in the next three years .
portsmouth 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at home to portsmouth .
the european space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has revealed he was travelling to the international space station .
hundreds of thousands of local elections are to be published in the liberal democrats for the first time in five years .
libya 's prime minister has said he is ` ` confident '' his country will be able to access to the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a woman who killed her mother in a ` ` brutal and brutal '' attack has been jailed for life for her murder .
` ` it was n't easy , '' says theresa may 's shadow cabinet reshuffle .
britain 's geraint thomas won the volta a catalunya in a sprint finish on the final stage of the giro d'italia .
two men have been charged with drugs offences after a man was found in a house in greater manchester .
apple has unveiled a new system that allows users to access access data on their mobile phones and passwords .
the family of a man who went missing after a yacht capsized in the us have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
taliban fighters have attacked a hospital in the afghan capital kabul , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
leicester city have agreed a deal to sign argentina international carlos tevez from shanghai sipg .   's
rail fares in england and wales are to rise by more than a third in a year , the rail industry has said .
the conservatives have retained control of durham county council after a landslide at the start of the general election .
rolls - royce 's chief executive has told the bbc he wants to invest in the business .
the thai capital , bangkok , is the world 's most popular tourist destination , and it 's not easy .
` ` if you 're going to get a ticket , '' says sir elton john -lrb- bask -rrb- .
york moved up to second in the national league with victory over dagenham at bootham crescent .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m going to be a teacher . ''
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his two - week - old son .
a police officer has been jailed for four years for taking drugs to a woman who was found dead in a toilet .
a bangor university has become the first in the uk to be deported from sri lanka to sri lanka .
swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into former fifa president sepp blatter 's corruption scandal .
valtteri lowe is to leave mercedes at the end of the season , bbc sport has learned .
a report into the deaths of five people at sea off the sussex coast has found no evidence of safety .
britain 's alfie hewett has become the first briton to win the us open .
scotland flanker greig laidlaw says he is ` ` disappointed '' to face munster in the six nations .
cornish pirates have re - signed exeter chiefs full - back ben woolery on a two - year deal .
scientists say they have found a new way to treat tumours on tumours in tumours .
england 's danny willett carded a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the dubai desert classic .
former home secretary michael gove has written to home secretary amber rudd to the house of commons about extremism .
one of the uk 's oldest engineering students is to be rebuilt at a nature reserve in cornwall .
durham beat gloucestershire by seven wickets in a rain - affected one - day cup match at canterbury .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the ira 's murder of jean mcconville .
engineers in the us have developed a 3d version of the ` ` stench '' that can cause problems .
when munster coach anthony foley died at the age of 26 , he was a man who had been playing rugby .
two people have been injured after two women were hurt in a fall in the sea off anglesey .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the ebola crisis .
a us college has agreed to pay $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6 m -rrb- to a former us college accused of sexually abusing women .
the duchess of cambridge has been named the best women in the uk , according to a new report .
microsoft has revealed a new version of its ` ` smart '' smartwatch , which allows users to access their smartphones .
` ` i ' ve got a little bit of a lot , '' says mahatma gandhi .
the uk 's environment agency has said it is ` ` concerned '' about the use of pesticides in dorset .
ireland fast bowler boyd rankin will retire from international cricket at the end of the 2018 world twenty20 campaign .
york city have signed hull city midfielder liam fox on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further year .
sir peter blake has been given a knighthood in liverpool for his work with the city 's art .
police in the indian state of uttar pradesh have arrested a 15-year - old girl accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl .
it 's been a year since britain won their first gold medal at the rio olympics , and it 's not just the same time .
david cameron has warned the uk will not be able to deliver a ` ` new generation '' to nato .
hundreds of jobs could be axed at southampton council as a result of cuts to the local authority .
a 24-hour strike by caledonian macbrayne has been called off by the rmt union .
west ham boss slaven bilic says his side 's europa league quarter - final win over west ham was ` ` not good enough '' .
southend united manager phil parkinson says he is ` ` disappointed '' after his side 's 2 - 1 defeat by peterborough .
a student housing development in belfast has been bought by the university of belfast -lrb- gsa -rrb- .
police are investigating after a man was attacked by a police officer during a police chase in north belfast .
pupils in belfast are being urged to take part in their school 's exam board because of a lack of places .
nico rosberg 's decision to leave mercedes at the end of the season is a huge problem .
alzheimer 's disease may be linked to alzheimer 's , according to a study by us researchers .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeen .
france 's far - right leader marine le pen has told the bbc that he wants to leave the european union .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its film will not be released in malaysia .
ospreys fly - half alun wyn jones says the region 's pro12 play - offs will be ` ` very difficult '' for the region .
pakistan 's social media site has been suspended after a social media company said it had been hacked .
scotland 's justice secretary is to meet the uk 's top court to discuss the case of criminal justice .
a humpback whale has been found dead on a norfolk beach , prompting an investigation into the death of a whale .
us president barack obama has unveiled a plan to repeal obamacare for the nhs in the us , after the obama administration approved plans .
a number of people in the republic of ireland have taken part in a march to pay their expenses .
police in the us state of louisiana have charged a man with murder after a gunman was shot dead in a car park .
at least 11 people have died in a fire at a school in the indian state of uttar pradesh , officials say .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's 2 - 1 friendly defeat by england .
a fire has broken out at a disused golf club in somerset , prompting a warning for people to leave .
the government is promising to increase the number of affordable homes being sold by the end of the year .
north korea 's military says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile on the coast of north korea .
glasgow warriors director of rugby stuart hogg says scotland 's players are ` ` not good enough '' to sign new contracts .
canada 's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would allow the national anthem to be awarded to canada .
the world 's largest teaching union has been named the best in england in the world for the first time .
st johnstone midfielder james anderson has been given a one - match touchline ban after being sent off by celtic .
a school in gwynedd is set to be given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
a massive sinkhole has opened up at a golf course in the isle of man in the usa .
northern ireland 's kris meeke finished second behind leader kris meeke at the rally world rally championship .
a northumberland nature reserve is to reopen for the first time in more than 30 years after it opened .
a court in china has sentenced six people to life in prison for plotting attacks in xinjiang , state media report .
england captain eoin morgan said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's batting performance in the one - day series against sri lanka .
first minister arlene foster has said the uk should be ` ` very difficult '' for brexit .
jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand down as labour leader if he wins the general election .
the police ombudsman -lrb- psni -rrb- has launched an investigation into the activities of police officers in northern ireland .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car while riding on the isle of wight .
atletico madrid boss diego simeone says his side 's champions league quarter - final defeat by atletico madrid was ` ` unacceptable '' .
david cameron has reached a deal with the uk to leave the european union , saying it is ` ` very difficult '' .
a fire which broke out at a recycling centre in stoke - on - trent is being treated as arson .
an afghan woman has been jailed for 15 years for raping and sexually abusing her two children .
indonesia 's government has launched a petition calling for a ban on gay men , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- .
the us supreme court has ruled that saudi arabia 's government will not be able to act on terrorism .
the dup leader ian bell has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the dup and ulster unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- should not be allowed to pay compensation .
scotland 's first minister has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the snp 's response to the scottish independence referendum .
former bbc dj chris denning has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing young boys in the 1970s .
hearts head coach robbie neilson said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's 1 - 1 draw with malta on saturday .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to build a fleet of royal navy warships that will be built in scotland .
a woman has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of a woman who was found dead in her flat .
morecambe boss jim bentley says his side 's squad are ` ` not good enough '' to avoid relegation .
police in the southern indian city of bangalore have shot dead a man suspected of carrying a gun , police say .
a cardiff college is being investigated over allegations of fraud and money laundering , the welsh government has said .
a judge has ruled that a man accused of throwing a black hole in the banks of the river thames will not be prosecuted .
david cameron has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's plans to cut free school meals .
aberdeen manager tommy wright has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish football association 's disciplinary panel .
chile 's governing body has been banned from all football - related activities for three years by fifa .
nico rosberg and nico rosberg have been given a two - week ban from the formula 1 team .
more than half of england 's private landlords are renting their homes , a survey suggests .
more than 1,000 homes have been discovered by archaeologists in wiltshire , according to new research .
a uk university has been given the go - ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- gch -rrb- .
a woman who drowned while swimming in a swimming pool died from ` ` multiple injuries '' , an inquest has heard .
north korea has said it is ` ` disappointed '' its nuclear programme will be banned from the country .
wolves boss tony mowbray says the fa cup fifth - round tie against west brom will be a ` ` huge opportunity '' .
beach huts in dorset are set to rise by more than a third over the next five years , a council has said .
a police watchdog has apologised to the family of a woman murdered by her son .
us tv presenter kase kase kasem kasem has filed a lawsuit against a us tv host accused of child abuse .
nasa 's space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has made its first mission to mars .
human rights groups say they have been subjected to sexual harassment and sexual harassment in egypt by human rights activists .
championship side bradford bulls will not be able to play in the premiership next season , says the club 's chief executive .
england will face france in the euro 2016 semi - finals when they take on france on sunday .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain across wales .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the dup 's inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
a man has been stabbed to death in a ` ` brutal attack '' at a shop in birmingham .
mark ronson has returned to the top of the uk singles chart for the first time since returning to the x factor .
the bbc is to launch a series of live weather coverage across the uk , the corporation has announced .
wikileaks founder julian assange has called on the us government to stop hacking into wikileaks .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi dweud bod wedi dweud ei ddiweddaraf .
in the wake of the collapse of bhs , the bbc 's thomas bhs looks back at the heart of the city 's business .
labour has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a review of child sexual exploitation in england and wales should be reviewed .
banks in england and wales are to receive compensation from the bank of england , the bbc has learned .
plans to sell a private office in belfast city centre have been put up by the city 's office .
a primary school in gloucestershire has been forced to close because of a norovirus winter bug and a sickness bug .
nicky ajose scored a late winner as millwall came from behind to beat swindon in league one .
a belfast man has sold for more than # 50,000 at auction in the us for charity .
scientists in guinea say they have found a new species of the ebola virus , which they say is the first of its kind .
a memorial to women who died in world war one has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the battle of waterloo .
malaysian police say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a policeman in a river in malaysia .
leicester city have re - signed leicester city striker james taylor on loan until the end of the season .
a new road in somerset is to be run over by the end of the year , it has been announced .
two british soldiers are to be flown to the uk from afghanistan to join forces in afghanistan and afghanistan .
the number of girls in england and wales has risen by more than a third in the last year .
premier league clubs in england and wales spent # 1bn on agents last year , according to official figures .
a county down doctor who failed to appeal against his conviction for drug - driving has lost his appeal .
a 16-year - old girl has been shot dead at a house in north - west london .
scotland 's men 's six nations campaign ended with a 2 - 0 win over france in dublin .
us president barack obama has ordered an investigation into an incident involving a white supremacist at a white house .
a brazilian court has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- to the company responsible for the collapse of a dam in brazil .
andy murray says there will be ` ` no reason '' for the paris attacks in the final of the tournament .
google has released details of the personal data he received from the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
star wars film spectre has topped the us box office chart for the first time in a row .
lego 's prime minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that lego will not be allowed to use its lego .
us president barack obama has posted a video on twitter to show her new show on the planet 's eve .
a british man has been arrested in italy on suspicion of abducting and kidnapping a teenage girl .
widnes vikings beat widnes to move into the super league play - off semi - finals .
former prime minister david cameron has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk leaving the eu .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he wants to resume peace talks with the philippine president , rodrigo duterte .
iran 's president hassan rouhani is one of the most powerful figures in the world 's politics .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has urged russia to ` ` take control '' of syria 's chemical weapons .
fidel castro is one of the world 's most famous people , and it 's not known .
benfica will face benfica in the first leg of their champions league first - round tie against benfica on saturday .
ukrainian prime minister viktor yanukovych has been killed in the capital kiev , ukrainian media report .
northern ireland 's political parties have voted in favour of reducing corporation tax and tax in northern ireland .
the body of a man who went missing in the peak district has been found , police have said .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- leader marine le pen has launched an investigation into alleged fraud .
a collection of world war two spitfires has been sold for # 1.5 m.5 m .
one of scotland 's best - known women has been unveiled by the royal bank of scotland .
a laser pointer was shone into the cockpit of a helicopter being shone into a police helicopter , police have said .
the european union has announced that the uk is selling euphorias to poland and canada to europe .
work has begun on a new railway line in berkshire to reopen after a landslip caused flooding .
bournemouth extended their lead at the top of the premier league to five points with a comfortable victory over bournemouth .
network rail has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that rail passengers will be able to travel to the east of england .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in a street in lancashire .
a group of schools in paris have taken part in a protest over the handling of the paris attacks .
a ` ` lost '' raf base has been given the go - ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
ireland coach joe schmidt says he will not be able to defend his world cup title against new zealand .
a group of fishermen have been granted permission to take part in a dispute over the port of calais .
two people have been rescued after their car crashed into the sea off the cumbrian coast , police said .
wales ' nathan cleverly says he will not defend his ibf super - middleweight title against juergen braehmer on saturday .
championship side bolton were held to a goalless draw by derby county in the first game of the season .
solihull moors came from behind to beat solihull and move into the national league relegation zone .
rangers have voted in favour of the club 's board after the club voted to leave the club .
britain 's gordon reid and alfie hewett both reached the final of the australian open .
former rangers captain robbie neilson says he wants to leave dundee united at the end of the season .
an israeli air strike has killed at least 12 people in the sinai peninsula , egyptian officials say , and israeli officials .
bolivian president evo morales has called for tougher sentences to be imposed on children under a new law .
the jihadist group al - qaeda affiliate in the north - eastern yemeni city of osama bin laden has been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
t in the park organisers have said they will be ` ` overwhelmed '' by the organisers of the t in perthshire .
the scottish labour party 's national front -lrb- lfb -rrb- website has been adjourned again , but it is not easy to find out what it calls ` ` china '' .
virat kohli 's unbeaten century led india to a five - wicket win over india in the second test in mumbai .
hibernian manager neil lennon has been given a two - match ban for failing to control a hamstring injury .
thousands of migrants have been stranded on the m20 in dover for the second time in a row .
former labour leader jeremy corbyn has accused jeremy corbyn of ` ` gross misconduct '' .
mozambique 's former prime minister , mauricio poocha , has died in hospital after suffering a stroke .
saracens hooker owen farrell has extended his contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
dundee united have appointed neil mccann as their new manager on a two - year deal .   's trip to dundee .
ukip 's nathan gill has resigned from the party 's ruling body , the party has said .
league two side crawley town have agreed a deal to buy the premier league club for an undisclosed fee .
aston villa boss steve bruce says he wants to leave the championship club if he is sacked by aston villa .
a park in hampshire will be closed for a second time in a row over parking charges , it has been announced .
moeen ali 's unbeaten century helped england to a draw with pakistan in the second test in sharjah .
myanmar 's opposition leader aung san suu kyi has announced he will step down next year .
a pilot scheme to help women who have been raped is to be launched by the nhs in england .
cleveland cavaliers have signed a two - year deal with the cleveland indians for the 2017 super league season .
more than 1,000 people attended the annual twelfth of july parade in dumfries and galloway .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a street .
former england all - rounder kevin pietersen is to leave middlesex at the end of the season .
the centenary of the battle of the somme has been marked by a group of archaeologists in northern ireland .
disabled people should be allowed to work with disability benefits , a former pensions minister has told the bbc .
a us university student has been left with brain tumours after he suffered a brain tumour .
premier oil giant bp has agreed to sell its stake in the oil and gas firm e.on .
the company behind edf 's nuclear power plant has cut its profit forecast for the last three years .
the number of anti - semitic hate crimes in canada has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to new figures .
` ` i ' ve been convicted of rape and sexual assault , '' says sir kenneth branson .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was injured in cardiff city centre .
more than 1,000 people in oxford have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
coronation street actor john hughes has died at the age of 74 , his family has told the bbc .
scotland 's ross mccormack won his first european boxing title with a 4 - 3 victory over germany 's alexander zverev .
chinese hackers have killed more than 1,000 people in the past year , state media report .
david cameron has called for more refugees to be allowed to travel to the uk to join english and english .
a salvage team has been rescued from the drilling rig transocean winner after it was stranded on lewis .
shares in b&q have fallen sharply after the retailer reported a rise in sales for the first time .
lord mcilvanvan is to be awarded the freedom of his school in kilmarnock .
nigeria international vincent kompany has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league club .
the chief executive of sport ni -lrb- nia -rrb- , ni , is to step down from her post .
a 12-year - old girl has been found safe and well in a car park in cleveland .
two sheep have been convicted of stealing sheep from a carmarthenshire farm after being found guilty of thefts .
comedian bill cosby has resigned after he was accused of sexually assaulting a woman in the us .
sky has apologised for the first time in more than half a million users who use sky and sky 's broadband networks .
` ` it was n't the word ` ` mr scotland '' - the scottish independence referendum - and it 's been a very different story .
shrewsbury town have re - signed striker scott moore from league one side shrewsbury town for an undisclosed fee .
manchester united midfielder louis van gaal says he is ` ` thrilled '' to be offered a new contract .
companies should be given the go - ahead to a shake - up of corporate pay , according to a report by the cbi .
new zealand moved up to second in the women 's rugby world cup with a comfortable win over new zealand .
the owner of one of the world 's best - known tourist attractions says he is ` ` appalled '' by the theft of vincent van gogh .
andy murray says he is ready to play in great britain 's davis cup quarter - final against serbia .
more than 1,000 people have been killed in clashes between rival gangs in northern mexico , officials say .
the guatemalan army says it has re - opened the murder of an indigenous leader who was shot dead last month .
the international olympic committee -lrb- iaaf -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' that the country 's athletics federation should be allowed to return to competition .
former world heavyweight champion carl frampton has announced his retirement from professional boxing with a unanimous unanimous decision .
britain 's andy murray is aiming to become the first man to win the aegon championships in 35 years .
rail workers are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay and conditions , the rmt union has said .
chelsea have completed the signing of paris st - germain midfielder luiz luhan for a reported # 12 m .
singer ed sheeran is to headline this year 's british music festival , organisers have said .
a woman in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- has arrived in the capital , delhi , after a woman was granted a train .
a swan has been removed from a lake in west sussex after it was rescued by the rspca .
south africa 's president nelson mandela has raised more than # 20,000 at a south african marathon .
ben affleck 's latest film has been unveiled at the new york film festival - the force awakens .
the uk 's exit from the european union could be ` ` disastrous '' for brexit , according to the scottish government .
belfast giants secured a bonus - point win over edinburgh capitals at the sse arena on saturday night .
a police officer was killed by a petrol - soaked man who tried to fire his son , an inquest has heard .
german airline lufthansa has launched a campaign to stop offering free holidays from travelling to germany .
the parents of a couple who were arrested by police in england and wales have been told they are ` ` absolutely committed to terrorism '' .
charlie hebdo , the editor of the paris newspaper , has written to a satirical magazine calling islam ` ` gypsy boy '' .
iran has agreed to resume talks with iran over its nuclear programme , the world 's biggest nuclear programme .
a denbighshire council is facing a legal challenge over plans to cut free school transport for children .
care services in wales are failing to improve care , a report by the care quality commission has said .
dagenham & redbridge came from behind to beat dagenham and move into the league two play - off places .
oscar - winning actress julie wright is to return to the us next year , according to reports .
the number of people living in wales has fallen by more than half a million , according to a new study .
us president donald trump has said he wants to ` ` step down '' the role of president barack obama .
dundee united came from behind to beat ross county and move up to second in the scottish premiership table .
two british men have gone on trial in dubai accused of trying to smuggle them into the uk .
a prize - winning author has been shortlisted for this year 's british book of the year award .
north korea says it has arrested a north korean leader accused of trying to kill north korea 's leader .
oxford united extended their unbeaten league run to seven games with a hard - fought victory over oxford .
national league side dover athletic have signed dover athletic midfielder jack marsh on loan until the end of the season .
the boss of tata steel has said he is ` ` disappointed '' about the future of its business .
the number of police officers in dumfries and galloway has fallen by almost a third in the past year .
a new system for scotland 's flag is being launched in the south wales valleys , the bbc understands .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has said he will not be able to return to the premier league .
ian hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury in a crash at the isle of man tt .
two dogs have gone on trial accused of shooting dead two dogs in the borders , a court has heard .
shares in asia 's nikkei have fallen sharply after japan 's prime minister shinzo abe reported a sharp rise in profits .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he wants to ` ` change the law '' to keep the benefits of living with dementia .
australia 's hopes of a place in the third test were dashed as australia beat west indies by five wickets in melbourne .
a man has been questioned by police over claims he was ` ` inappropriate '' on a train .
in northern ireland , a group of young people are trying to cross the mountains of northern ireland to try to save their lives .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping and raping a woman in her car .
indonesian police say they have found the bodies of missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 , who disappeared last month .
if you want to know what you 're going to be a footballing season , it 's not easy .
fulham maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a hard - fought victory over fulham . .
bradford city came from behind to beat league one bradford city and reach the fa cup third round at wembley .
a man has been charged with the attempted rape of a boy at a mcdonald 's in cumbria .
leeds united chairman massimo cellino says the club 's transfer market is ` ` not good enough '' .
airline flybe is to extend its flights to glasgow and glasgow from next year , it has been announced .
lincoln city women 's super league one club have confirmed they are looking forward to the future of women .
the boss of the cbi group , the cbi , has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will leave the european union .
more than 1,000 women are being targeted by police as part of a drive to tackle hate crime .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter says his side 's performance in the premiership is ` ` not good enough '' .
hampshire and england all - rounder moeen ali says he will not play for hampshire this summer .
young people should be given a chance of having sex with their children , according to a new report .
online food chain brexit is to launch a scheme to encourage young people to get free food .
an raf serviceman who was stolen from a car in the falklands has said he is ` ` shocked '' by his actions .
a dog was shot in the head with a crossbow after it was shot by a crossbow bolt , the rspca has said .
rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the wgc - dell match at royal birkdale .
a woman who died after taking part in a ` ` blood - changing '' operation at a hospital has been discharged from hospital .
it 's a time of year for virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has unveiled plans to cut asylum seekers in europe .
scientists have warned that climate change could increase the risk of climate change in africa by 2030 if there is a long way .
borussia dortmund have been fined # 500,000 for failing to stop racist chanting during their champions league defeat by borussia dortmund .
jose mourinho has signed a new five - year deal with chelsea .   's world cup
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over bournemouth was a ` ` disaster '' .
a woman from newcastle university has won the prestigious award for the first time in more than 20 years .
when northern ireland 's euro 2016 game in ukraine , there is a sense of frustration at the heart of the crowd .
the number of people waiting for a&e at scotland 's largest hospital has increased , figures show .
schools in england are struggling to cope with rising levels of student numbers , according to a survey of schools .
the family of a schoolgirl killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria have criticised the government 's decision to leave the uk .
russian athletes will not be allowed to compete at next year 's world athletics championships , says the head of the sport 's governing body .
a campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of extremism is to be launched by glasgow city council .
bristol rovers have signed former bristol city and bristol rovers midfielder george sweeney on loan until the end of the season .
scotland boss gordon strachan says he will not be fit for scotland 's world cup qualifier against italy .
if you want to know what the electoral system is going to be the next general election , it 's a bit of a lot of time .
britain 's andy murray will face world number one novak djokovic in the semi - finals of the australian open .
qpr midfielder aaron ramsey has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a head injury .
facebook has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that it will not be able to access users ' data .
women 's super league one club manchester city ladies have signed england under-21 midfielder emma watson .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a polish man was stabbed to death in essex .
in the wake of the panama papers scandal , the country 's parliament has passed a controversial bill that would allow people to use social media .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo says he is ` ` disappointed '' his team 's failure to win the spanish grand prix .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to victory in the abu dhabi grand prix .
brexit secretary michael gove has said the uk should not be able to access fishing in denmark .
police in the us state of texas have arrested a man suspected of being ` ` creepy clowns '' .
sunderland have completed the signing of ac milan striker jokanovic from ac milan for an undisclosed fee .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has said he will not defend his country 's presidential election .
the number of dog owners in scotland has risen by more than half a million in the past year .
plans to increase the number of vat vat vat on vat have been passed by the liberal democrats .
two former serie a side ac milan players have been removed from their home after they failed to register them .
the bbc has announced that the uk 's biggest online business is n't going to live .
eastleigh have signed midfielder matt tubbs from league two side eastleigh on a two - year deal .
global drinks giant coca - cola has reported a sharp rise in sales in the first quarter of the year .
fife flyers head coach johnston hailed his side 's performance in the championship as they beat dundee 3 - 2 at tannadice .
a female osprey chick at the lowes nature reserve has gone on show in the highlands .
the families of victims of the birmingham pub bombings have been told they can not pay compensation to those affected by the tragedy .
at least 15 people have been killed in an attack on a military base in north - west pakistan , officials say .
` ` we do n't know what we are going to do '' , '' says stephen hob .
two al - qaeda members have been killed in a drone strike in yemen , the pentagon says .
a woman has become the first person to die in a crash on the m6 in cumbria . '
former wba super - middleweight champion john mcdonnell will fight the wba super - middleweight title on saturday .
former french prime minister emmanuel macron has resigned , saying she will not resign as president of the european parliament .
a swan had to be rescued by firefighters after it got stuck in a car in a garden in hampshire .
rugby football league chief executive steve tandy says the rugby football union 's salary of # 1.5 m is a ` ` huge boost '' for the rugby football < q >
parents are being urged to keep their contact with their mobile phones after a long - term test .
newcastle falcons head coach alan solomons says his side 's premiership play - off semi - final against newcastle falcons is a ` ` huge '' .
a cash machine has been stolen from a wall in a ` ` targeted '' raid in plymouth .
two men have been charged with manslaughter after a woman died following an allergic reaction to a meat cleaver .
a woman has been raped and raped in a car park in cleveland , prompting a police appeal for witnesses .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is predicting the outcome of the euro 2016 finals .
mk dons have been suspended by the football association for ` ` gross misconduct '' following an incident in which manager karl robinson was injured .
the us supreme court has agreed to pay $ 1.6 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- to settle a lawsuit brought by barclays .
a girl who wrote a song about her own life has won the bbc children 's book award .
sheffield united secured their first league win of the season by beating sheffield united at the kassam stadium .
the mother of a baby who died after suffering a brain tumour has told an inquest into her death .
the european commission has launched a legal challenge to the uk government 's plans to introduce tax avoidance .
glasgow - based mobile phone firm jawbone has announced it will launch its first smartphone in the uk .
a man who died after being hit by a car in caerphilly county has been named .
arsenal midfielder mesut ozil says he will leave the club at the end of the season .
the closure of a coal mine in south yorkshire has been given the go - ahead by the government .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on friday as investors digested the us election .
a collection of works by francis bacon is to be donated to the uk 's national portrait gallery .
scientists in norway are hoping to find the world 's best - known sound of ice .
drinks giant ag barr has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by a drop in sales .
a woman who died when a yacht capsized off the coast of south africa has been named by police .
a german study has found that a group of young asylum seekers may be able to enter the country .
world number one novak djokovic says he will be looking forward to the us open next week .
a man and a woman have been shot dead in a house in sheffield in the early hours of sunday .
the irish boxing association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has confirmed that ireland 's governing body will not be able to compete in next month 's european championships .
chinese scientists say they have uncovered the ancient ruins of a dam in the southern chinese city of tianjin .
dame judi dench has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the ` ` sexual assault '' of a young girl .
super league side salford red devils have signed warrington wolves full - back luke mccarthy on a two - year deal .
thousands of people are to go on display in hull for the first time in more than 100 years .
a met police officer has been cleared of misconduct by the metropolitan police over the handling of the met police complaints commission .
police in italy say they have seized more than $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- worth of illegal immigrants .
the number of police officers in england and wales has fallen by more than half a million , a survey suggests .
it 's been a year since the death of pop star david bowie , who was born in the 1970s and 80s .
the prime minister has said the uk is ` ` absolutely committed '' to tackling terrorism in europe .
nigeria 's military says it is ` ` appalled '' by the recent attacks in the north - east of the country .
durham dominated day two against durham at chester - le - le - street as they beat durham by eight wickets .
one of the uk 's most popular toys has been found in the uk for the first time .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has written to greece to discuss the greek debt crisis .
the world 's largest tropical storm , the el nino weather phenomenon , has begun in south africa .
the remains of a woman whose body was found in a perthshire village are being treated as murder .
saul ` canelo ' alvarez will fight gennady golovkin for the vacant wbc middleweight title in las vegas .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in londonderry .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at norwich city council as part of plans to build a new power plant .
the world 's longest river , which has been hit by floods , has been hailed as the ` ` jungle '' .
a french court has ordered an investigation into the death of a french migrant who was found in the mediterranean .
an investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a coal mine in the north of england .
red bull owner red bull says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the formula 1 team .
the boss of the circuit of wales has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the welsh government 's decision to build a new motor racing track .
a mother and daughter have been found dead in a lake in the german city of wuz , police say .
great britain 's jack laugher won gold in the men 's synchronised 10 m platform final at the rio olympics .
former prime minister sir iain duncan smith has told the bbc that the uk voted to leave the european union .
for the first time in the history of the london 2012 olympics , there 's been a lot of relief .
a sculpture by princess leia is to be sold at auction for # 1.5 m -lrb- $ 1.5 m -rrb- .
the victims of the paris attacks have marked the 50th anniversary of the attacks on women and children in france .
spain 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the second round of the dubai desert classic .
scientists in the antarctic say they have made a breakthrough in the discovery of a new type of whale .
shares in asia were mixed on friday after the us federal reserve said it was ` ` confident '' the us economy will continue to raise interest rates .
scotland 's ice hockey team have been told to stay away from the beaches of perth and perth .
work has begun on a # 1.5 m bridge in rochdale which was closed for more than two years .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- says it 's a bit of a lot of time for kids .
hartlepool came from behind to beat hartlepool and secure their first win of the season .
uber 's chief executive , uber , has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the firm 's business .
the world 's largest airline , the un , has announced that it will no longer be able to access flight paths to malaysia .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has published details of the greek government 's new bailout programme .
disney has launched a $ 1.3 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 m -rrb- reward for a video game that could help fund the virtual reality game .
a former university building in reading is to be built as part of a # 3 m regeneration project .
the leader of the isle of wight council has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the county council will not be able to run .
drugs giant pfizer has been fined # 3.5 m by the uk 's biggest drugs regulator .
an iceberg has been spotted off the coast of the western isles of scilly in the pacific ocean .
the family of murdered schoolgirl alice gross have called for an inquest into her death to be reviewed .
an award - winning australian writer has been accused of stealing a book from the writer 's book .
league one side colchester united have signed former aston villa midfielder andy reid on a two - year deal .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen by almost a third in a decade , in a high court ruling .
a search is under way for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of dumfries and galloway .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have killed at least 20 people in northern iraq , officials say .
great britain 's jodie stimpson finished fourth in the men 's 4x400 m relay final at rio 2016 .
rangers have signed former rangers and republic of ireland under-21 midfielder josh hodson on a two - year deal .
the welsh liberal democrats have pledged to double the number of young people in wales in a bid to boost apprenticeships .
johnston press has announced it is to sell its uk - based publisher johnston johnston press for the first time .
actor kenneth branagh is to be honoured with the oscar - winning director of the oscars .
a police officer has been awarded a bravery award for bravery after he saved a man 's life .
two teenage girls have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a schoolgirl in the us .
ronnie o'sullivan says he has no regrets about being left out of the world championship after losing 6 - 3 to ali carter .
league one side millwall have signed former mk dons striker salomon abdouou on a two - year deal .
louis van gaal has resigned as manchester united manager , saying he is ` ` very happy '' about his future .
a woman who was diagnosed with a brain tumour has had her ` ` positive '' cancer diagnosis .
jewellery worth more than # 20,000 has been stolen from a house in south london after it was stolen .
wales coach warren gatland says he is ` ` not concerned '' about the use of yellow cards in the six nations .
a shop owner has gone into administration with the loss of more than 200 jobs , the bbc understands .
` ` i ' m going to the top of europe 's top tier , '' said zlatan ibrahimovic .
when the uk voted to leave the european union , it 's one of the most important questions in the uk .
one of scotland 's most famous trees has been shortlisted for this year 's cremations of trees .
a report into the future of the borders railway -lrb- har -rrb- has recommended a review of the link between the borders and borders .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said that stormont 's budget will be delayed until 2020 .
more than 1,000 children in nottinghamshire have been diagnosed with transgender or transgender , figures show .
australia 's top police chief has said he will not be charged with terrorism offences after a judge said he was arrested in sydney .
a group of cyclists have been banned from cycling in mansfield because they are ` ` banned '' from cycling .
japan 's emperor akihito has said he will step down from the end of the year .
thailand 's military has cancelled a concert in the capital , bangkok , amid concerns about human rights .
a primary school in cumbria has become the first in the uk to ban the use of ` ` deplorable '' behaviour .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to a string of sex offences against a girl .
it 's been a year since the nfl 's national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- opened its doors to the public .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says the pro12 play - offs could be a ` ` disaster '' .
ex - england footballer ched mubarak says he was ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
one of india 's biggest companies , tata , has written a letter to the chairman of the company 's board .
a 14-year - old boy has been arrested in the us state of ohio after he went missing from his parents .
a palestinian man has been killed in an attack on a bus in the occupied west bank , israeli officials say .
campaigners hoping to build fracking in north yorkshire have said they are ` ` angry '' about the impact of fracking .
` ` we ' ve been using your computer , '' says a team of researchers in finland .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are to go on display for the first time in more than 100 years .
cardiff blues head coach danny swanson has been named in wales ' squad for the 2017 six nations .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday as investors digest the us federal reserve 's interest rate rise .
a hospital in berkshire is offering free accommodation to people living in the south of england , it has emerged .
the authorities in the chinese city of wuhan have begun a series of protests against the government 's ruling government .
a group of musicians have taken to the streets of hull to protest at the weekend 's annual music festival .
france is marking the 50th anniversary of the paris attacks by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a man has appeared in court accused of attempting to kill a police officer in the early hours of sunday .
the number of babies born in england and wales has risen by more than doubled in the past year , figures show .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a flat .
leicester 's premiership season starts on saturday , with the premiership 's top - ranked teams looking forward to the premiership .
the national trust for shale gas -lrb- fra -rrb- has said it is ` ` concerned '' about the future of fracking .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called on the country 's main opposition leader to resign .
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw says there is ` ` no concerns '' about the safety of children in england .
inmates at a prison have been banned from taking part in a crackdown on the use of drugs .
snapchat has launched a new video on snapchat - the first time it has been launched .
work has started on a # 2.5 m development in oxford city centre -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
a number of people have been arrested in connection with a spate of paramilitary activity in northern ireland .
torquay moved up to second in the national league with a comfortable win over torquay at plainmoor .
moors murderer ian brady has failed in his bid to have his mental health unit quashed by a judge .
if you want to know what you think about a man who has been living in the us , you might think about it .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace after a woman was sexually assaulted in edinburgh .
the president of ghana 's capital , kampala , will be sworn in as the country 's new president in the capital , accra .
luke berry scored his first goal of the season as cambridge came from behind to beat cambridge at cambridge .
jeremy corbyn has accused the conservatives of ` ` bullying and abuse '' during the general election campaign .
west ham united have completed the signing of norway international winger ousmane mcleod on a two - year deal .
the head of the rnli has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by claims of bullying and bullying .
shares in sports direct have fallen sharply after the retailer reported a fall in profits and profits for the year .
the us state of new york has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the us government 's claim to have a spy .
an outbreak of norovirus at a denbighshire hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' .
one of brazil 's top politicians , the world 's biggest political parties , is facing a major blow to the country 's ruling bharatiya janata party -lrb- caf -rrb- .
there 's a lot of talk about the outcome of the us presidential election , but there 's no sign of the outcome .
europe 's most detailed map of the earth 's oceans has been published in the journal of space .
a statue of david beckham has been unveiled in bristol for the first time in more than 50 years .
northern ireland 's accident and emergency department is at the centre of a major incident in the uk .
more than 1,000 veterans in wales are being urged to take part in a campaign to tackle the war in afghanistan .
a lorry driver has died after being involved in a collision with a lorry in aberdeenshire .
a search is under way for a kayaker who went missing after getting into difficulty in the sea .
justin gatlin has become the first man to win the 100 m at the abu dhabi grand prix .
london 's prime minister has urged the uk to stay in the european union after brexit .
sir philip green 's proposed takeover of bhs is ` ` flawed '' , mps have said .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has been given a two - match touchline ban for his red card against aberdeen .
a rapist has been found guilty of raping a 15-year - old girl in ayrshire .
roma legend francesco totti has announced his retirement from football at the age of 74 .   's time
a man has appeared in court charged with child sex offences against two young children in the carmarthenshire town .
birmingham city manager gary rowett has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club , tying him to the club .
a man has gone on trial accused of raping and raping two teenage girls in the 1970s .
a belfast street artist has created a sculpture of a homeless man in his home city of belfast city centre .
the number of people killed in friday 's terror attack in tunisia has risen to more than a million .
venezuela 's supreme court has ruled that two opposition parties have agreed to re - election for the first time .
warwickshire have signed new zealand all - rounder samit patel for the 2016 t20 blast campaign .
transport minister arriva cavady has apologised for using rail services to train services in wales .
hartlepool united have parted company with manager graham westley after the league two club rejected a new deal .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his side 's six nations win over ireland is a ` ` massive achievement '' .
kilmarnock manager gareth davies says he is ` ` very happy '' to sign a new contract .
ex - england batsman kevin pietersen has been named in the england squad for the first time .
the uk 's economic recovery is likely to slow , according to the bank of england 's chief economist .
kenya 's police and security services are at the top of the country 's biggest shopping centre .
alastair cook and joe root hit an unbeaten century to help england fight back on day two of the second test against pakistan .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a motorcyclist in a crash in west lothian .
` ` i had to be a member of the department for education , '' said ni 's former health minister peter cole .
shakespeare is to become the uk 's first ` ` cultural powerhouse '' , the government has said .
israeli police have fired tear gas at a temple in the occupied west bank of the palestinian capital , damascus .
one of the uk 's largest shopping centres in south wales has been given the go - ahead .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's membership of the european union .
app - based taxi - hailing app uber has been ordered by the us court of justice .
fulham have re - signed striker andre o'brien on loan until the end of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why some of the country 's worst earthquakes .
one of marseille 's most famous players has sold for $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- at the club .
one of the uk 's best - known shipping companies has been put up for sale .
brighton came from behind to beat bristol city and move up to second in the premier league table with a 2 - 0 win at the kcom stadium .
a woman from londonderry has admitted stealing more than # 100,000 from her employer .
real madrid forward radamel falcao has signed a new four - year contract with the club .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has told the bbc that ` ` it is n't impossible '' .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured a rebel - held town in northern syria , activists say .
swansea city midfielder yaya toure has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury .
former prime minister tony blair has apologised for saying the iraq war ` ` should not be forgotten '' .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it is ` ` not good enough '' for northern ireland 's assembly election .
a new study has suggested that the number of wild species in england could be at risk of extinction .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he is ` ` not happy '' about his side 's premier league return to the premier league .
the church of ireland 's bishop of belfast has called for a ban on same - sex marriage .
queens park rangers have re - signed former tottenham hotspur defender kolo toure on a one - year deal .
supermarket giant sainsbury 's is launching a mobile app in the south east of the country .
lancashire have appointed ex - england batsman chale chalelele as their new head coach .
conservationists are warning that the welsh government will be able to provide protected protected protected areas of wales .
the mother of a teenager who died in the hillsborough disaster has told the inquests she was ` ` devastated '' .
the uk 's biggest music streaming service has reported a rise in profits , according to a report .
ally mccoist has left his role as rangers ' new head coach , bbc scotland has learned .
a motorcyclist has died following a two - vehicle crash on the a9 in aberdeenshire .
google 's communications watchdog says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by the uk government 's immigration watchdog .
the mother of murdered toddler james bulger has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the man who murdered her .
a dundee school has written a letter to a pupil who has been drinking alcohol and alcohol for the first time .
huddersfield town moved up to second in the championship with victory at burton albion , who remain bottom of the table .
university lecturers across wales are staging a two - day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
in our series of letters , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most famous people .
a murder investigation is under way after a woman 's body was found at her home in fife .
a man has been shot in the leg in county londonderry , police have released cctv images of two shots .
a 15-year - old boy who was stabbed to death in bradford has been named by police .
an rspb scotland nature reserve has been put up for the first time in its history . .
dwight gayle scored a hat - trick as newcastle came from behind to beat barnsley in the championship .
the family of a man who died after being found dead in a car have paid tribute to him .
wales scrum - half rhys webb has been named in the british and irish lions squad for the six nations .
at least 15 people have been arrested in italy in connection with the deadly forest fires in the southern french alps .
ukip leader nigel farage is to stand for the next general election , the party has announced .
itv has announced it is to return to the west end for the first time in more than two years .
widnes vikings came from behind to beat widnes and move up to second in super league .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has arrived in japan for the first time in more than 100 years .
a new report has recommended that the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- is failing to tackle climate change .
a footballer who was seriously injured in a car crash has sold for # 10,000 at auction .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a train in west lothian .
national league side eastleigh have signed former barnet striker emmanuel emmanuel emmanuel on a two - year deal .
a man has died and two others have been injured in a car crash on the outskirts of cardiff .
northern ireland 's tourism industry needs to be ` ` completely unacceptable '' , a report has said .
a couple who have been stranded in the uk for more than two years have lost their appeal against a legal challenge .
morocco coach hugo broos has been named as the new coach of the 2017 africa cup of nations .
china 's imports fell by 0.1 % in the first three months of the year , official figures show .
northampton town manager mark duggan says his side 's fa cup fourth - round tie with wycombe was a ` ` dream '' .
new zealand head coach warren gatland has signed a new three - year contract with the british and irish lions .
great britain 's women 's team will compete at this summer 's world championships in norway .
britain 's laura massaro beat france 's caroline wozniacki 6 - 4 6 - 4 to reach the quarter - finals of the monterrey open .
a blue plaque has been discovered on the isle of wight 's jurassic coast after it was found to be part of a new home .
a man has been jailed for four years for plotting to smuggle guns into the uk and ireland .
pregnant women in india are being warned to avoid malaria because of a disease that has spread to the uk .
there 's a big rise in the number of children born in the uk , but there 's been a shortage of doctors .
great britain 's james davies won gold at the ipc athletics world championships in italy on sunday .
arsenal have completed the signing of midfielders wycombe wanderers wanderers centre - back scott van dermots .
labour 's jeremy corbyn has called for the party to be banned from entering the party .
monty python star chris froome has been praised for his ` ` outstanding contribution '' to tv dramas .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of two children in dublin .
a village in powys is to be closed for more than a year , the county council has said .
labour has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the welsh government will close its flagship scheme in wales .
a 16-year - old girl has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 15-year - old girl .
burnley will miss the fa cup quarter - final against hull on saturday after a hamstring injury .
a former police and crime commissioner has said he does not believe cannabis should be used in northern ireland .
myanmar 's rohingya rohingya muslim minority has told the bbc that the rohingya rohingya muslims have been subjected to violence .
ireland 's liam walker has won the men 's boxing boxing world championships in brazil after losing to ukraine .
plans for a new football stadium in gloucester have been approved by the county football club for the first time .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has declared a state of emergency in the capital bujumbura .
the us unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in more than three years , according to official figures .
a winding - up petition against salford red devils has been postponed until the end of the super league season .
world number one ding junhui is out of the world championship after beating china 's ding junhui in the second round .
a police watchdog is to investigate allegations of policing at the battle of orgreave in 1984 .
nigeria 's army says it has abducted 15 schoolgirls from boko haram in the north - east of the country .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused hillary clinton of ` ` abusing '' women and women .
sweden 's henrik stenson carded a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the abu dhabi championship .
a pensioner who stole more than # 20,000 from a pensioner 's home in lincoln has been jailed for two years .
david cameron has called for a ` ` new generation '' of social housing to be built in england .
europe 's thomas rahm produced a stunning display to win the ryder cup for the second year running .
the football association has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that football should be banned from using virtual reality .
it 's been a year since the death of a baby born in the house of lords , and it 's not just a few weeks to go .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp will make his first start of the season in charge of his side .
hibernian ladies won the scottish women 's cup for the first time with a 3 - 0 win over dumbarton .
wales number eight taulupe faletau has been ruled out of the six nations with a knee injury .
hartlepool united have parted company with manager paul cox after just one season in charge of the league two club .
a group of police have cancelled a concert in glasgow after a concert was cancelled due to bad weather .
tp mazembe 's hopes of reaching the african champions league quarter - finals have been dealt a blow after they were held to a goalless draw by uganda .
more than 1,000 people have been arrested in china over the past year , police say .
the scottish government 's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in scotland have been put on hold .
partick thistle manager alan archibald wants to sign dundee united striker alan archibald this summer , bbc scotland understands .
japan 's defence ministry has ordered an investigation into a woman who was allegedly hit by a car in okinawa .
everton reached the europa league quarter - finals for the first time with a comfortable win over everton .
hsbc has appointed hsbc as the new chief executive of the uk 's hsbc bank .
an investigation has been launched into the safety of a nuclear reactor at the site of the fukushima nuclear plant .
it 's been a big day for you to know what you ' ve been going to do .
a dundee man has been jailed for three years after he was caught with heroin worth # 20,000 .
it 's been a long - awaited letter to mark the 50th anniversary of harry potter 's death .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with the rape of a woman in glasgow .
police in northern ireland have launched an anti - austerity protest against bonfires in the city .
the us state of virginia has ordered students to shut their school after they were accused of breaching rules .
keaton jennings hit his first century of the season as somerset fought back against durham at chester - le - street .
councillors in somerset have approved plans to reorganise the county council 's authority 's headquarters .
parents are calling for a ban on holiday holidays in england and wales to be ` ` completely unacceptable '' .
a suicide bomber has killed at least 20 people in iraq 's capital baghdad , iraqi officials say .
us fast food chain e.com has reported a rise in sales in the first half of the year .
a # 20,000 reward has been offered for information about the killer of a woman who murdered her .
an australian couple have agreed to return to the island of nauru to cambodia , the bbc has learned .
councillors in swansea have approved plans to cut council spending by # 3.5 m in the city .
watford have completed the signing of former watford defender lamine udinese on a season - long loan .
luton town have re - signed striker rhys jones on loan from championship side birmingham city until the end of the season .
plans to introduce a new # 5.5 m gambling centre in denbighshire have been unveiled .
the great britain women 's eurobasket finals will be shown live on bbc one on friday , 5 february .
the uk 's brexit negotiator has accused the government of ` ` damaging '' brexit negotiations .
former strictly come dancing host saubert says he 's ` ` very excited '' about his depression .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria , saying it is ` ` very difficult '' .
german prosecutors are investigating the murder of germanwings co - pilot of a german man who is accused of murdering her .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has said he will ` ` step up '' with us president - elect donald trump .
an indian premier league player has suffered a head injury during a match in the indian city of mumbai .
a new genetic code has been launched to help save the life of a man with parkinson 's disease .
a social care home in sunderland has been criticised by inspectors for failing to improve the care of people .
a danish newspaper has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for selling a photo of a danish journalist .
police in bangladesh say they have found the bodies of three gunmen who were killed in an attack on a cafe in the capital dhaka .
the us economy grew at a faster - than - expected rate in march , according to a closely watched survey .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a pick - up truck .
tata steel workers in the uk are to stage a two - day strike in a dispute over pensions .
the body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the isle of wight after a man died .
the uk 's fertility regulator , who is the first person to be born in the world , is to be given the go - ahead .
a us judge has ordered a lawsuit against president donald trump 's son - in - law , who is suing the us .
jose mourinho is to leave chelsea at the end of the season , the club have confirmed .
a robot is to be built in the united states for the first time in more than 50 years .
two british soldiers killed in an explosion in afghanistan had been allowed to leave , a coroner has ruled .
one of the most senior figures in the uk has been caught up in the cyber - attack on twitter .
glasgow - based pharmaceutical firm aggreko has agreed to buy up to 50 % of its workforce .
the belfast giants have confirmed the elite league play - off places with a 4 - 0 win over belfast giants .
partick thistle manager alan archibald praised his side 's performance in the 2 - 1 win over partick thistle .
the family of a scottish woman living in australia say they are ` ` desperate '' to return home to australia .
one of chicago 's most senior police officers has resigned after a video emerged showing him shooting a black man .
gary neville 's first game in charge of valencia ended in defeat as valencia came from behind to beat valencia .
a woman has died and two others have been seriously injured in a collision with a van in cumbria .
china has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the country 's top court has ruled that it will not be able to sue china .
jk rowling is to write a new version of the comic book the big bang bang theory .
brexit secretary david davis has said the irish border should be ` ` very difficult '' for northern ireland if the uk leaves the european union .
an australian teenager has been charged with the murder of a boy who was shot dead by police in melbourne .
a solicitor has apologised to a woman who said she was ` ` disappointed '' by the law firm 's name .
the scottish government is to take over the role of a multi - million pound deal to tackle the migrant crisis .
boris johnson has defended his decision to leave the european union , saying the uk should be ` ` safe '' .
the bbc has agreed a deal with bbc sport to broadcast live coverage of the uk athletics championships in london .
oscar - winning irish actor and director ken dodds has died at the age of 89 , his family has said .
india 's supreme court has rejected a $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- settlement with the country 's biggest fund .
a southampton fan suffered a head injury when he fell on to the ground during a premier league match at southampton .
kenyan police say they are investigating the disappearance of a woman in the north - eastern state of mombasa .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced that he will resign as part of a crackdown on corruption .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
donald trump 's plan to build a new us healthcare healthcare centre has become the first in the history of the us president .
leigh centurions have appointed leigh halfpenny as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
a motorcyclist has died in a collision with a van on the a9 in north ayrshire .
bath ran in seven tries to beat bath and reach the premiership play - off semi - finals .
bradford bulls ' takeover of the rugby football league has been terminated by the sport 's governing body .
a shirt worn by brazilian footballer cheick tiote has sold at auction for # 20,000 .
more than 1,000 people have attended a sculpture of poppies commemorating the centenary of the battle of the somme .
plans for a # 100 m hydro - electric lake in greater manchester have been rejected by councillors .
at least 15 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in western china , state media report .
england 's charley hull moved into the final round of the masters with a three - under - par 66 to win the masters .
martin mcguinness says he will not race at this year 's isle of man tt because of a crash .
chancellor philip hammond has accused theresa may of ` ` disrespectful '' labour leader jeremy corbyn of trying to win the election .
europe 's leaders have called for a ` ` new generation '' of views on refugees and refugees .
some of the quirkier snippets from the news that south africa 's schools are struggling to cope with the problems facing the country .
disney has said it is ` ` very difficult '' to catch the star of the disney movie .
alastair cook has been named in south africa 's squad for the second test against south africa .
salford red devils have signed leeds rhinos full - back ben jones on a two - year deal .
britain 's kirsty gilmour has become the first british woman to qualify for the rio olympics .
two police officers have been injured in a fire at a building in istanbul 's capital , istanbul .
dundee united have signed goalkeeper craig keatings on a two - year deal .   's trip to st johnstone .
former aston villa striker rudy gestede was arrested on suspicion of assaulting ex - england striker tony pulis after a brawl at the club .
scarlets secured a bonus - point win over cardiff blues in the pro12 semi - finals .
turkey 's military says it has killed at least two turkish soldiers in an air strike in northern syria .
chinese social media giant weibo has said it will sell its online online business to the chinese social network .
salford red devils have confirmed they will leave the super league club until the end of the 2017 - 18 season .
this year 's grand national at aintree will be held on saturday , with the grand national taking place at aintree .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has apologised for ` ` gross misconduct '' over the hillsborough disaster .
a us judge has ordered a transgender woman to be allowed to breastfeeding in a us military court .
a woman has died after she was hit by a bus in londonderry , police have said .
at least 20 people have been killed in a stampede during a stampede at a mecca pilgrimage in mecca .
us toy giant amazon has confirmed that it will release copies of the original toy company , disney has confirmed .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a mission to mars .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the china open with a straight - set win over china 's zhang shuai .
a group of tourists have been rescued from the sea off the devon coast after heavy rain and heavy rain .
davis cup captain andy murray says he is ` ` proud '' of his great britain team after winning the davis cup final .
great britain 's davis cup semi - final against australia will be held on sunday , 5 september .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has called for an inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
` ` i ' m going to the top of the x factor , '' says sarah macman .
the number of badgers in flintshire has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures show .
the number of homeowners in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , official figures show .
head teachers have warned of a ` ` crisis '' over their budgets in england 's schools .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will not vote for the eu referendum if he wins the referendum .
northampton town midfielder matt crooks has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership to five points with a hard - fought win over rangers .
star wars fans are being urged to take part in a ` ` mass - breaking '' exhibition in cheltenham .
a former arts director has been jailed for defrauding more than # 1 m of arts funds .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says his son 's death is ` ` not good enough '' to recover from a head injury .
an ex - news of somerset county 's only resident has spoken of his ` ` fantastic character '' after being diagnosed with dementia .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand down if he wins the general election .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a county down man more than 20 years ago .
the wife of a 92-year - old poppy seller has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to her death .
a huge fire has broken out at a cargo ship off the spanish coast , leaving at least eight people dead .
a teenage girl has been seriously injured in a collision between a car and a car in aberdeenshire .
tranmere moved up to second in the national league with a 2 - 1 victory over dover at blundell park .
a man has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence for trying to kill donald trump .
when the house of commons speaker john bercow walked out of the commons , he did n't have to say that he would not be a member of parliament .
a judge in the us state of kansas has ordered the release of a man convicted of raping and murder .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused donald trump of being ` ` sceptical '' about his campaign .
two great britain women have been named in the great britain squad for this summer 's rio olympics .
kent had to settle for a draw against kent in the one - day cup quarter - finals .
a woman has been cleared of raping a 15-year - old girl at newport crown court .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to spending cuts .
donald trump 's foreign policy chief , donald trump , has criticised the us and the us for not doing enough to cross the border .
welsh boxer joe cordina says he will retire from the sport at the end of the 2016 commonwealth games .
a mother accused of murdering her two - month - old baby has told a court she was ` ` devastated '' by her death .
plans for a royal navy warship have been submitted to the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
the us space agency 's decision to allow internet users to access wi - fi content is likely to be delayed by the end of the year .
men and women are more likely to be born in england than women , according to a new report .
one of the world 's most famous marine mammals has been found in the sea off the norfolk coast .
a man has been charged in connection with a serious assault on a man in west belfast city centre .
the wife of a woman who was threatened with domestic violence has said she will be ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government .
scotland 's education secretary john swinney has said the number of pupils in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2012 .
voters in north korea have voted to vote for the first time in the country 's history , which has been widely seen as a state .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a bus .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has announced she will step down as president of the lower house of congress .
plans to introduce a ` ` smart motorway '' on the m4 in birmingham have been unveiled .
hollywood actor liam fox is to launch a biopic about a self - driving weapon in the us .
turkey 's supreme court has ordered an inquiry into the deaths of dozens of workers at a coal mine in istanbul .
a conservative mp has said he is ` ` disappointed '' a council 's decision to cancel a loan to northampton town football club .
truro city manager lee hodges says he is ` ` confident '' his side can avoid relegation from the national league .
a court in the indian state of gujarat has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the rape and murder of an indian woman .
tributes have been paid to a teenage girl who died after being hit by a train in liverpool .
ukip leader nigel farage has said the uk is ` ` not doing enough '' to do more to tackle immigration .
a collection of letters written by a father and a boy have been sold at auction for # 20,000 .
work is to start on a memorial to the soldiers who died during world war one in world war two .
a crystal palace fan has been found guilty of assaulting a football fan during a premier league match .
police in australia have charged a man with the murder of his ex - boyfriend in sydney .
somalia 's government has pardoned the leader of the islamist group al - shabab , mogadishu .
burton albion boss nigel clough says the club 's promotion to the premier league will be a ` ` massive success '' .
a collection of letters from welsh settlers has been awarded # 1.5 m to mark the centenary of the battle of waterloo .
a # 3.5 m project to boost the north east of england has been approved by the government .
there 's a lot of questions about the future of the nhs in wales , but what is the most important issue in the history of the campaign ?
football fans have been talking about the dangers of flooding in lancashire , but they do n't know what they 're doing .
ryder cup captain henrik stenson says he is ` ` very confident '' of making his return to competitive action .
the bbc has been given the go - ahead for the first time in the uk and wales .
scientists say they have found a new species of bird - like birds that can be infected with hiv .
more than # 3 m has been awarded to the uk 's air ambulance fund -lrb- asa -rrb- .
the head of iran 's most prominent human rights group has said he has been detained in iran .
there 's a lot of views on the future of northern ireland 's language and education system .
liverpool moved up to second in the premier league with a comfortable win over liverpool at the kcom stadium .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been found dead in the us state of minnesota , a judge has ruled .
pakistan has executed an indian man suspected of spying for india , the country 's supreme court has said .
apple has reported a rise in profits for the first quarter of the year , helped by strong sales of iphones .
two teenagers have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of dumfries and galloway .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on flood defences in denbighshire , the welsh government has announced .
chester came from behind to beat chester and move up to third in the national league with victory at chester .
the international monetary fund -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has raised its forecast for the uk 's credit rating - but it 's not easy to do it .
the bbc has broadcast live coverage of the snooker world championship , which starts on sunday , 5 september .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
edinburgh centre matt scott has been left out of the pro12 season after a knee injury lay - off .
a car firm has been ordered to pay # 50,000 to a motorist who was banned from driving at the wheel .
the bank of england 's chief economist mark haldane has warned that the uk 's inflation rate will be ` ` disastrous '' .
northern ireland is the best place in the uk , according to a new study from the oecd .
two men have been found guilty of trying to steal a cash machine from a post office in edinburgh .
radical cleric abu bakr al - qaeda has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts .
the welsh government has been accused of ` ` misleading '' the environmental impact of the # 1bn tidal lagoon project .
two people have been found dead in new york city after a gas explosion that left two people dead .
the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in england and wales is to be delayed , the bbc has learned .
thousands of people are taking to the streets of hong kong to elect a new president , as the country prepares for a general election .
france 's prime minister has said she is ` ` appalled '' by the paris attacks that killed a woman in the city .
gillingham manager john taylor says he is ` ` disappointed '' that the league one club will not be relegated from the league two table .
a service has been held in new zealand to mark the 70th anniversary of the gallipoli landings .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola says his side 's champions league quarter - final win over bayern munich was ` ` not good enough '' .
a waste recycling centre is to be put up in a bid to save thousands of tonnes of rubbish .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has vetoed israel 's plan to relocate the jewish community to israel .
a union has agreed to pay compensation to northern ireland 's cargo industry after a dispute over pay .
a high court judge has ruled that loyalist paramilitary groups should be allowed to return to the european court of justice .
the uk government is to hold talks with the government to try to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions .
plans to limit alcohol and drink - driving in northern ireland have been backed by the house of lords .
hundreds of jobs are at risk at tata 's port talbot plant , the unite union has said .
the body of a man has been found in a river in northamptonshire , prompting police to find a body .
carlisle united midfielder liam cook says he wants to sign a new one - year contract with the league two club .
cornish pirates have re - signed fly - half owen farrell on a two - year contract .
the conservative party has rejected calls for a ban on same - sex marriage in england and wales .
india 's parliament has banned brides from entering the country 's capital , delhi , because of a ban on the issue .
more than 1,000 people have been arrested in connection with the theft of cannabis and cannabis .
a study into the zika virus in lincolnshire has found that it is ` ` highly likely '' to be tested in the us .
photographs of stones and stones have gone on display in cardiff to mark the centenary of the easter rising .
crystal palace have made five changes to their squad for next season 's africa cup of nations qualifiers .
mae heddlu gogledd wedi dweud eu bod wedi dweud bod yn cael ei ddarganfod .
the department for education -lrb- dunl -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that stormont 's education system could be scrapped .
a 15-year - old girl has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police dog was shot in kent .
somerset kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals alive with a draw at taunton .
ghana 's government has been ordered to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 bn -rrb- to the government , the bbc has learned .
` ` i ' m going to school , '' says a county tyrone schoolboy from the british army .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he is ready to play for the six nations against france on saturday .
the former president of ivory coast , alassane ouattara , has died at the age of 93 .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has released its first spacewalk .
league two side woking have signed former watford and watford striker yannick vela on a two - year deal .
one of the uk 's most successful space missions has died in a plane crash in the highlands .
rangers moved into the premiership play - off places with a hard - fought win over partick thistle .
somalia 's prime minister mogadishu has been killed in a car crash in the capital , mogadishu .
an inquest into the death of a six - month - old baby has heard that the mother of his baby was ` ` not acceptable '' .
the cia 's former chief general , abdul fattah al - sisi , has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the us .
two russian journalists have been arrested in russia on suspicion of inciting hatred against gay men in the country .
a museum in new york has launched a legal challenge against a student 's decision to pay a$ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- fine for mismanagement .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a shopkeeper in the borders .
former world number one heather watson has extended his contract with the guernsey tennis federation until the end of the season .
taylor swift 's latest album , taylor swift , has been released by the us music industry - and it 's not easy to find it .
the great british bake off is the first celebrity to win the bbc 's got talent show .
sudan 's president omar al - bashir has been appointed as the new president of the country .
manchester city boss pep guardiola says striker pep guardiola will be fit for saturday 's premier league game against arsenal .
burton albion have been fined # 10,000 by the football association for failing to control their players during saturday 's 2 - 1 win over blackburn .
two australian swimmers have been banned from competing at the rio olympics by the sport 's governing body .
south korea 's riviera claimed a share of the lead after a rain - affected second round of the us pga championship .
banks in the uk are to be given the go - ahead to help save money from the government .
plans to build 1,000 homes in a south gloucestershire village have been approved by the council .
south africa 's first female president has announced she will step down from the end of the year .
scotrail is to carry out a major upgrade of the great western railway line between glasgow and edinburgh .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have launched a series of attacks on kurdish fighters in northern syria , activists say .
a denbighshire woman who was diagnosed with breast cancer has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the health secretary .
wales striker jamie vardy has been named wales ' gareth bale 's best player of the year .
the owner of a supermarket in cambridgeshire has said he is ` ` amazed '' that a customer is in the uk .
mark mcghee says he has no regrets about being part of scotland 's euro 2016 squad .
a hospital trust has been told it must improve its services after inspectors found it ` ` requires improvement '' .
it 's been a big day for the animals in the uk , but there 's no new species .
a labour mp has called on leicester city council to introduce a ` ` sugar tax '' on sugary drinks .
a man and a woman were caught using a mobile phone while working on a private company , police have said .
former israeli prime minister shimon peres has died at the age of 89 , his family has said .
a prison officer has apologised to a pregnant woman who was refused entry to the olympic games in egypt .
west brom striker saido berahino has been banned for three months for drink - driving .
welsh boxer mike towell has died after suffering a head injury during a fight in glasgow on saturday .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats has accused the welsh government of ` ` misleading '' eu migrants .
two disabled people who claim benefits benefits were ` ` unlawful '' for disability benefits , a court has heard .
plans to improve cycling in wales have been criticised by the welsh government for failing to improve the service .
the cassini probe has finally got its way into orbit around saturn , but it 's not easy .
women 's super league champions manchester city women have signed sweden striker simone simone .   's first female player .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move up to second in the premiership .
the port of belfast is one of the world 's most famous cruise ships , but it is not a tourist destination .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has announced he will step down as australia 's new national hockey minister .
a british man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a british legion who was shot in the french alps .
a county tyrone woman who was shot dead in the democratic republic of congo has said she is ` ` saddened '' by the arrest of a man who was arrested .
it 's been a week for the first time in asia , but it 's not easy to see it .
a welsh water company is to pay more than # 1 m to help customers get water bills in wales .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has called for tougher sentences for young people in england and wales to be scrapped .
pop star madonna has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that she 's ` ` absolutely absolutely committed '' .
two british men have been arrested in norway on suspicion of terrorism offences , the metropolitan police has said .
lloyds banking group has announced plans to close two branches in the north of england and scotland over the next five years .
a cheese - rolled cheese - rolled cheese has been lit up in a county durham town .
part of a major road in the isle of man is to be closed for more than two years .
a team of researchers has launched a competition to find the world 's most valuable computer games to be developed .
britain 's relationship with the european union is an important part of the united states , but it is not easy .
macclesfield moved into the national league play - off places with a win over macclesfield .
president - elect donald trump has been sworn in as the new president of the white house , but he is not the only person in the job .
england were knocked out of the euro 2016 with a hard - fought victory over germany at wembley .
the mother of a five - year - old girl who died in an airfield in birmingham has launched a fundraising campaign .
two men have been arrested in dover on suspicion of terrorism offences .   's eve eve , police have said .
two men have been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences , the metropolitan police has said , following a series of terror attacks .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is ` ` disappointed '' not to sign a new contract .
the chief executive of the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcs -rrb- has said he is ` ` disappointed '' about the winter crisis .
one of the uk 's best - known entertainers is to return to hong kong , according to reports .
west brom came from behind to beat stoke and move into the top four of the premier league .
scientists say they have found a new way to ` ` catch '' the birds of prey on the planet .
the company behind the proposed new nuclear power plant in the uk is to invest # 1bn in the industry .
northern ireland 's attorney general has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the attorney general is not entitled to abortion .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has called for a new study of the disease in africa .
two men have appeared in court charged with historical sex offences against boys at a school in the 1970s .
scotland 's first minister has called on the scottish government to introduce a new law on assisted suicide .
plans for a retail park in a northamptonshire town have been approved by the local authority -lrb- lfb -rrb- .
a mexican man has been found dead in a river in the us state of colorado , police say .
blackpool 's pier has reported a rise in profits for the first time in three years , according to the local authority .
voters in northern ireland will be voting in the general election on 7 may , the bbc has learned .
the head of the un peacekeeping mission in mali has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the threat of islamist militants .
a judge has ordered an inquest into the kingsmills massacre to pay compensation to victims of the troubles .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in glasgow city centre .
a 17-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a 15-year - old boy by dangerous driving .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has filed a lawsuit against a newspaper accused of raping a girl .
the victoria cross is to be renamed in honour of one of the world 's most decorated women .
david cameron has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his father , david cameron .
tens of thousands of people in kenya have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions for medical staff .
prof stephen hawking has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that the uk is ` ` very important '' .
irish actress margaret collins has said she was ` ` disappointed '' by the irish prime minister theresa may .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in swansea city centre .
a lorry driver had to be rescued from a lorry while crossing the m25 in sussex .
nick kyrgios says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his australian open defeat by nick kyrgios .
a man convicted of raping a woman in cardiff has had his appeal against his conviction quashed .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni says he is concerned about the country 's gay rights .
plans to introduce a free school in oxford have been unveiled by the prime minister , ed miliband .
residents of sheffield have been enjoying a bit of fruit and vegetables in the past year , according to a survey .
glamorgan beat gloucestershire by eight wickets in a rain - affected t20 blast match at chelmsford .
in the wake of the death of one of the world 's most popular tourist attractions , a small town in ethiopia 's capital , addis ababa .
a police horse has apologised after a ` ` sexist '' was posted on a beach in cornwall .
great britain 's men missed out on a place in the men 's 4x100 m relay final at the world championships in jamaica .
plans to redevelop manchester 's hs2 high - speed rail station have been given the go - ahead .
a german court has ordered the release of a painting by adolf hitler that was stolen from the nazis last year .
a glasgow - based steel firm is to invest # 2.5 m in a bid to boost its workforce .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has been given the go - ahead for the next general election .
the family of a five - year - old boy who was born with a liver transplant say they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
wakefield trinity wildcats have signed hull kr prop jordan tandy on a two - year deal . '
china 's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level for three years , official figures have shown .
hull city have completed the signing of hull city midfielder jake hernandez from west ham for an undisclosed fee .
pop star ed sheeran has filed for divorce from his wife , matt damon , who has married him .
a powerful storm has hit south africa 's south - east coast , causing severe flooding and flooding .
cladding has been removed from a tower block in sheffield after the grenfell tower fire was removed .
netflix has topped the list of the best - known tv series in the uk , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
shakespeare 's jk rowling is to return to london 's west end next year , according to reports .
rangers manager mark warburton said referee mark warburton was ` ` embarrassed '' by his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by rangers .
the company behind google has said it is recalling more than 1,000 cars to be hacked .
a team of researchers has developed a 3d printer that can track down the coast of liverpool and liverpool .
donald trump 's election campaign has come under way in china , but it is n't the same thing .
a drone has been suspended from bournemouth airport after a drone was spotted at heathrow airport , the bbc has learned .
south africa 's biggest banks have been ordered to pay $ 2bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3.3 bn -rrb- to the country 's banks .
plaid cymru leader andrew rt davies has written to the welsh assembly 's presiding officer asking him to leave the eu .
league two side portsmouth have signed former plymouth argyle and portsmouth midfielder liam richardson on a two - year deal .
a london hospital has apologised for failing to cope with the ` ` worst '' of its patients .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france to 15 seconds after a sprint finish .
sir bradley wiggins has apologised to team sky for ` ` gross misconduct '' over his use of therapeutic use exemptions during the tour de france .
world number one dustin johnson says he is ` ` disappointed '' after his second pga tour defeat by american jordan spieth .
a wind farm in the isle of man has been given the go - ahead by highland council .
the government has announced plans to increase the amount of vat on the uk 's biggest banks will be introduced .
the rugby world cup is to be held in edinburgh for the first time in more than 50 years .
two police officers have been sacked over ` ` grossly '' behaviour of people who were filmed in a plane .
a former police officer has been found guilty of trying to buy a bus from a pub where he worked .
one of the world 's largest metal detectorists has been found in a field in the south wales valleys .
worcestershire have appointed former worcestershire and worcestershire batsman mitchell mitchell as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
lyon 's radamel falcao was sent off after being attacked by a crowd during the 1 - 1 draw with lyon .
adele has topped the uk singles chart for the first time in more than three years , according to official figures .
a victorian pier is to be built on the seafront of redcar 's old seafront .
french president francois hollande was among the victims of last week 's paris attacks , when he was buried in paris on friday .
thousands of jews have attended a rally in croatia to mark the 70th anniversary of the nazi death camp .
scotland 's first minister has announced he is to step down from the role of the scottish government .
it 's been a year since the scottish independence referendum , but what is going to be scotland 's largest council .
the number of criminal cases in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to a report .
a man has admitted stabbing a woman to death in a ` ` brutal '' attack in peterborough .
residents of a fife town have said they were ` ` devastated '' after a sinkhole opened up on the road .
the queen is to undergo a ` ` significant '' renovation of her house in the house of lords .
nottinghamshire have re - signed england all - rounder christian christian as their overseas player for the t20 blast .
a liverpool city council boss has been charged with fraud and money laundering offences , the bbc has learned .
` ` we ' ve been using your mobile phone , '' says the bbc 's andrew marr .
portsmouth have signed midfielder james webster on a two - year deal following his release by ipswich town for an undisclosed fee .
plans to increase the number of junior doctors in england are to be outlined by the government in the queen 's speech .
authorities in mexico say they have found the remains of 43 bodies found in a mass grave in the united states .
nottinghamshire kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals by beating durham at chester - le - street .
west ham midfielder narendra modou has been given a two - match ban after being fined # 20,000 by the football association .
la la land has been named best film of the year at this year 's venice film festival .
jk rowling has become the uk 's first foreign correspondent , who has died aged 84 .
the producer of the music industry -lrb- bbl -rrb- has launched a lawsuit against the company 's producer and producer .
two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in newtownards , county down .
woking extended their unbeaten run to six games with a hard - fought victory over fellow strugglers cheltenham .
india 's nobel prize - winning authors have called for a boycott of the nobel prize for literature .
a canadian man has pleaded not guilty to charges relating to illegal drugs and money laundering in the us .
league one promotion hopefuls oldham were held to a goalless draw by peterborough at the kassam stadium .
more than # 3 m is needed to help rescue rescuers in northern ireland , the department for transport -lrb- fgm -rrb- has said .
` ` i do n't have a lot of things , '' says ross county 's ian foster .
some schools in birmingham are being investigated by ofsted over the past year , the bbc has learned .
the isle of wight 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been appointed as the new chief constable .
catalans dragons maintained their unbeaten start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over catalans dragons .
a man has been robbed in a ` ` targeted '' robbery in a west lothian street .
google has announced that it will use adverts for android phones to use adverts and tablets .
newcastle united will play in the fa cup fifth round for the first time when they face west ham .
former chelsea and manchester city midfielder philippe senderos has left the club by mutual consent , reports bbc radio solent .
a company set up to save a grade ii * -lrb- gst -rrb- books has launched a fundraising campaign to raise money for the building .
valencia boss antonio conte says he is ` ` happy '' about his team 's recent form .
the uk 's relationship with the eu would be ` ` disastrous '' , the former head of the european union has said .
plans for a # 3.5 m revamp of a victorian art gallery in west yorkshire have been approved .
a terminally ill man has become the first person to die in the uk to die from cancer .
a magnitude 6.2 earthquake has struck the island of vanuatu , killing at least six people , officials say .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in a bomb blast in the syrian capital damascus , activists say .
a dog has been reunited with its owner after her pet dog was found in a scooter .
a cardiff - based company is to create 100 new jobs as part of a new recruitment drive .
a court in lebanon has ordered an arrest warrant for a british - iranian girl who was abducted in lebanon .
jeremy corbyn 's decision to ban anti - semitic anti - semitic remarks about adolf hitler has been widely criticised .
the world 's largest tree of trees is to be created in new york , according to researchers .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in east london .
` ` we ' ve heard a lot of people 's technology , '' says john garray .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to take a look at the moment .
the uk 's top civil servant has written to the house of commons to discuss the war in syria .
chelsea ladies won the women 's champions league for the first time in a row with a 2 - 1 win over manchester city .
the olympic stadium in london has opened its doors for the first time in more than 30 years . '
an australian court has ruled that a us court must pay more than $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6 m -rrb- to settle a lawsuit against online piracy .
jockey paddy henderson has won the grand national at aintree for the first time in more than 50 years .
prison workers in england and wales are to go on strike in a bid to end a long - running dispute over pay .
a study of e - cigarettes in england and wales has been launched by the ministry of defence .
the eu referendum is on the verge of a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
sainsbury 's has reported a fall in full - year profits as it reported a ` ` challenging '' rise in sales .
more than 1,000 people have been convicted of child sexual exploitation in bradford , police have said .
a charity set up to raise money to fund the fire - damaged mackintosh building has launched a fundraising appeal .
the co - operative group has reported a sharp fall in annual profits for the three months to march .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has ordered a cemetery to re - open a cemetery in the capital , manila .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a crash .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
britain 's alice barnes will compete in the women 's road race at the uci track cycling world cup .
london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said there is a ` ` serious problem '' in the wake of the london riots .
microsoft has released a record - breaking xbox one console , after a two - week delay in germany .
women in the us are more likely to pay their wages than women , according to a new study .
welsh secretary alun cairns has written to the welsh government to set up a new devolution bill .
the nba 's biggest basketball league has been given the go - ahead by the national basketball league -lrb- efl -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing two girls in the 1970s and 80s .
barnsley have signed barnsley striker ryan jackson on loan until the end of the season after his release by barnsley .
the afghan taliban have retaken control of the strategically important town of sangin in helmand province .
heavy rain and winds have caused disruption to parts of scotland 's roads and roads as storm doris continues .
princess charlotte has been removed from her role as the children 's laureate after a campaign by the us government .
e.com has apologised to customers who have been affected by a tweet on twitter .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the m25 .
pet owners in wrexham have said they are ` ` devastated '' after their pets were given the chance to go home .
the nhs in england says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the treatment of gay people in england .
a street in oxford has reopened after a burst water main burst into flames , causing a major road closure .
mansfield 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at home to plymouth .
a report into flood defences in north yorkshire has found a ` ` significant impact '' on the area .
spain 's emmanuel adebayor has secured his place in the men 's singles at the rio olympics .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` cowardly '' robbery , a court has heard .
a # 1.5 m plan for a wildlife centre in the north of scotland has been launched .
` ` islam karimov , '' says uzbekistan 's president islam islam karimov is one of the world 's most powerful leaders .
two men have been found guilty of trying to smuggle a pregnant woman into the uk from calais .
saudi arabia says it is ` ` appalled '' by the death toll from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in saudi arabia .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the threat of paramilitary activity in northern ireland .
a woman who was married in the uk will not be allowed to leave the eu , the home office has said .
the department for transport -lrb- ni -rrb- has been criticised by the department of transport for northern ireland -lrb- derry -rrb- .
the world 's first ` ` robot '' has taken a step closer to life in the world .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- says it has recovered a cargo ship off the coast of russia .
at the heart of the indigenous community in vietnam , the first woman in the country 's history has told the bbc .
a man has described the ` ` devastation '' of a fire which destroyed a supermarket in southampton .
castleford tigers moved up to second in super league with a comfortable victory over super league leaders castleford tigers .
farmers in cairngorms have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government .
a conservative mp has apologised after he said he was ` ` bullied '' on people with diabetes .
a pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead by a group of schoolgirls in the north - western pakistani city of lahore .
a man has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a house and burst into flames .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday as the us economy added jobs data .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his side are capable of reaching the six nations quarter - finals .
a memorial has been unveiled in jersey to mark the centenary of the battle of st patrick 's day .
the mother of a girl who was abducted by boko haram militants in nigeria has said she has been ` ` shocked '' .
south korean carmaker hyundai has agreed to pay $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- to the workers ' company for its vehicles .
a woman from oldham , oldham west , has become the first woman in the uk to be sold online .
a man who survived a heart attack has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to his death .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the uk 's immigration ban .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in aberdeen city centre .
theresa may and donald trump have met us president - elect donald trump for talks with the white house .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- has apologised for comments he made about the irish government 's decision to leave the european union .
the family of a soldier who died at deepcut barracks in surrey say they are ` ` devastated '' .
former bbc radio 1 presenter james bond has been given a knighthood in the new year honours list .
one of the world 's most famous buildings is to be opened in st peter 's waterfront .
firefighters have rescued a woman from a fire which broke out at a flat in suffolk which was destroyed .
former liverpool and west brom manager john pogbe says he is ` ` devastated '' by alzheimer 's disease .
james mcallister scored a hat - trick as millwall came from behind to beat 10-man bradford in the efl cup .
s4c 's decision to cut funding for s4c is to be delayed by the welsh government .
a song by gary barlow at a shopping centre in oxfordshire has gone viral after he was killed in a car crash .
a court in taiwan has sentenced the former president of the rwandan capital , jura , to 15 years in prison .
a former us journalist has been found guilty of spying for iran , a court in tehran has heard .
england 's paul casey is one shot off the lead after the second round of the us pga championship .
sale sharks director of rugby steve diamond says the sale of the premiership club will be ` ` disastrous '' .
northern ireland 's first woman to be diagnosed with breast cancer has said she is ` ` devastated '' .
an oscar - winning film about the life of the victims of the edinburgh film festival has been announced .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in woodland .
women in the uk are more likely to have gender pay than men , according to the latest figures .
blackpool moved into the league two play - off places with victory at colchester , who remain unbeaten in league two .
a group of scientists from northern ireland have said they are ` ` thrilled '' to be able to create a new species of plants .
artefacts from the world 's largest museum are being exhibited in the east of england for the first time .
a teenage girl who died in a car crash in edinburgh has been named by the university of edinburgh .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that the government will not be able to cut subsidies .
the attack on a mosque in the north - eastern nigerian town of mako haram was the scene of last week 's attack that killed at least 20 people .
blackburn rovers manager paul lambert has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club until 2019 .
the number of people suffering from mental health problems in birmingham has risen by almost a third in the past year .
israel has approved a plan to build more homes in the occupied west bank , the un has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index fell by 0.5 % after the uk voted to leave the european union .
two men have appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a baby who was found dead in kent .
a man and a woman have died in a house fire in kilmarnock , county down .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's ftse 100 share index ended the day lower , with shares in energy and energy companies .
wakefield trinity wildcats have re - signed australia international ryan mason on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
bangladesh 's military has accused the army of ` ` crimes against humanity '' in the country 's rohingya border .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who shot and killed a man in liverpool .
there 's a lot of questions about the impact of northern ireland 's power - sharing budget .
us secretary of state hillary clinton has apologised to the us ambassador to the afghan city of kunduz after the bombing of a hospital in kabul .
leinster moved to the top of the pro12 table as they were beaten by connacht in the pro12 .
plans to build a tunnel under stonehenge have been branded ` ` ridiculous '' by campaigners .
itv has confirmed it is to return to tv screens for the first time in more than 30 years .
atletico madrid moved up to third in la liga with a comfortable win over atletico madrid at the bernabeu .
wrexham have re - signed midfielder liam kelly from wrexham on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
toyota is to invest # 1.5 bn in the uk to build a new car engine in europe .
hungary 's prime minister viktor orban has vowed to take power in the country 's capital , budapest , to try to restore power .
a man has been rescued from the sea after his boat capsized off the west coast of glasgow .
the department of education -lrb- red -rrb- has said it will close its college in northern ireland this year .
frankie dettori won the dante stakes at epsom to extend his lead at the top of the oaks .
sunderland midfielder morgan schneiderlin is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
one of britain 's most famous buildings has been given grade ii listed status by the heritage lottery fund .
a us army sergeant who was forced to leave his base in the us is suing the us military .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after a man was seriously injured in a nightclub attack .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a sheffield street .
eden hazard scored a hat - trick as belgium came from behind to beat norway in the europa league .
boris johnson , the conservative party 's former prime minister , has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that he wants to become prime minister .
former news of the world editor andy coulson has gone on trial in connection with alleged phone hacking .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car on the m25 in surrey .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in spain has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , official figures show .
northern ireland 's health minister simon hamilton is to receive # 3.5 m in funding from the health minister .
derby county council 's new swimming pool is set to close after a # 3 m revamp .
hearts have completed the signing of right - back kilmarnock on a two - year deal .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has launched a new vaccine to protect babies from the disease .
two brothers have been convicted of raping and sexually abusing two women in rotherham , a court heard .
a fire that destroyed a building in coleraine , county londonderry , was caused by a fire .
israel 's police and crime commissioner has appointed a new head of the country 's police force .
a court in egypt has ruled that a ruling by the supreme court should be lifted by the court of justice .
holyrood 's finance committee has accused the scottish government of failing to agree a new budget .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is ` ` appalled '' the deaths of two british soldiers in afghanistan .
david cameron has apologised for saying he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' after the uk voted to leave the european union .
a man is in a critical condition after being attacked by a group of people at a tube station .
italian champions juventus have appointed former italy boss antonio conte as their new head coach on a three - year deal .
tributes have been paid to former manchester united footballer michael coulson , who was found dead in a hotel room .
police in the uk have arrested a man suspected of trying to smuggle rats into the dark web .
ghana 's former president mahama rousseff has been sworn in as the country 's new president .
the number of people diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease has fallen by more than a third in the uk , a study suggests .
a collection of ` ` black rock '' images of black actors has gone on display in leeds .
` ` he was n't going to school , '' says former england striker jermaine pennant .
harry potter and the cursed child is among the uk 's best - known production of its broadway debut .
middlesex captain alastair cook says he is ` ` happy '' to play for the county championship after his side beat middlesex on sunday .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- is -rrb- has launched a new anti - government protest in the capital , mogadishu .
vulnerable people with mental health problems should be allowed to register , a review of the care quality commission has found .
the number of nurses in wales has risen by more than 50 % over the past five years , figures have shown .
work is to start on a # 3.5 m restoration project to restore a medieval cemetery in wrexham .
the number of people with diabetes in the uk has fallen by more than 10 % in the past year , a study suggests .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in canada for the first time in more than 50 years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of armed robberies at a bank in birmingham , police said .
more than half of the nhs in england and wales have been sold by cheap drugs , research suggests .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire all - rounder james pattinson on a two - year deal . ''
nigeria 's airline , the airline , has announced it will suspend flights to the country from next year .
bookmakers in the uk are being asked to pay more than # 1,000 for betting companies .
a man who tried to smuggle weapons into edinburgh airport has been given a suspended jail sentence for two years .
swansea city boss jose mourinho says the club 's premier league title hopes will be a ` ` huge challenge '' .
huddersfield town will be without striker fernando forestieri for saturday 's fa cup third - round replay against derby county .
the body of a man has been found at a harbour in aberdeenshire .   's hogmanay .
cardiff city head coach paul trollope says the club 's performance in the championship is a ` ` huge '' .
councils in scotland are calling on the scottish government to change the way they buy their own council homes .
donald trump 's decision to leave the white house is n't always going to be the same .
the french government has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.6 m -rrb- to the us government for tax evasion in france .
the company behind the ashley madison website has released details of the personal details of users ' personal data .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he is ` ` appalled '' by an anti - corruption campaigner .
it 's been a night for the first time in more than 30 years , but it was n't the best actor in wales .
we ' ve been using your mobile phone to tell us what it 's going to be the best in the world .
david cameron has signed a petition calling for the uk to ban eu migrants from leaving the european union .
scientists in china say they have developed a gene that can control the immune system in the fight against cancer .
the new ghostbusters film is to return to los angeles for the first time , according to reports .
a chinese army driver has died after being hit by a car in the river taff in china .
egypt 's president abdul fattah al - sisi has said he will step down as president of the hague .
sir bruce forsyth is to return to strictly come dancing next year , it has been announced , the bbc has announced .
two men have been found guilty of the attempted murder of a man who was stabbed in glasgow last year .
former prime minister david cameron has said he would be ` ` bullied '' if he wins the general election .
a canadian man has described himself as a ` ` hero '' after he was hit by lightning in the mediterranean .
scotland 's kirsty gilmour has won the women 's singles at the european badminton championships in glasgow .
more than half of the uk 's private sector are at risk of cuts to the economy , a report suggests .
brazil 's highest court has upheld the death sentence of a woman accused of plotting to overthrow the brazilian government .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi dweud ei ddarganfod yng nghaerdydd .
protesters in the philippines have staged a protest in a protest against the government 's handling of domestic violence .
commemorations are being held across the republic of ireland to mark the centenary of the 1916 easter rising .
intel has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of the year , boosted by a sharp drop in sales .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' that the scottish government is to announce a new programme .
celtic have been fined # 20,000 by uefa for failing to control flares during saturday 's champions league qualifier .
harlequins flanker kruis has been ruled out of england 's autumn tests .
wigan warriors full - back tomkins has signed a new three - year deal with the super league club .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old girl who drowned in a swimming pool has heard how she died .
former us vice - president joe biden will be the next president of the united states .
a woman has been shot dead by police in the southern indian city of manaus , officials say .
burkina faso 's government has declared a state of emergency in the capital , ouagadougo , which has spread to the country 's worst outbreak .
northamptonshire have appointed former northants captain james taylor as their new head coach on a short - term deal .
a new police and crime commissioner for wales has been appointed in the new year 's general election .
the mother of a british woman murdered in italy has called for an independent inquiry into her death to be published .
at least 10,000 people have been left without power after a power cut in bangladesh , officials say .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- maths -rrb- has said the scottish government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to devolution .
an inquiry has been launched after a police helicopter was cleared of carrying out an raf base in aberdeen .
mcdonald 's has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year , helped by better - than - expected profits .
mexico 's police chief has been charged with murder over the killing of a man in a police helicopter in 2014 .
manchester 's tram system is to be switched off for the first time in more than a decade .
aldershot town have re - signed defender ben gladwin on a two - year deal .
an indian artist has unveiled a sculpture of the giant panda , which is used to make the world 's most famous artwork .
belfast city council 's tourism minister has said the city 's tourism industry needs to improve tourism .
mexican authorities say they have seized more than 1,000 illegal drug smuggled into the us .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' , according to the cbi .
chelsea have completed the signing of former chelsea and chelsea defender marc brazzard for an undisclosed fee .
a team of scientists at the university of dundee have developed a video game that can detect brain activity .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in dixons carphone fell more than 1 % after the company reported a fall in profits .
child sexual exploitation -lrb- cse -rrb- in greater manchester is the worst in the uk , a report says .
indonesian social media users have released images of a statue of the late indonesian president salah abdeslam .
a horse has been found dead after being dumped in a field in west yorkshire , the rspca has said .
northern ireland 's health minister has said the health minister 's plan for a new health and social care centre will not be implemented .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria have launched a series of air strikes against islamic state militants .
as the uk prepares to leave the european union , bbc newsnight 's mark zuckerberg reports that the number of people living in lebanon is worth more than # 1 m .
the mother of a baby born in a car park in north - west london has said she feels ` ` lucky '' to be alive .
` ` it was n't easy , '' says sir michael brown , who was once described as the ` ` world '' .
a man accused of murdering his ex - boyfriend has told a court he is ` ` shocked and disappointed '' .
a new play about children 's lives will be held at cardiff city hall next year , it has been announced .
nasa 's messenger spacecraft has captured the first images of the planet 's most spectacular solar system .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman was hit by a car in stoke - on - trent .
nico rosberg edged mercedes team - mate nico rosberg to second in the spanish grand prix with a hard - fought victory .
the sdlp leader alasdair mcdonnell has said he will step down as leader of the sdlp .
oscar - nominated writer ada campbell is to return to the london stage for the first time this year .
a california woman accused of murdering her two children has appeared in court in california for the first time .
the son of venezuela 's president , nicolas maduro , has called for the arrest of a man who was shot in the capital caracas .
sri lanka beat sri lanka by eight wickets in their final one - day international in colombo to win the series .
a new shopping centre in edinburgh is set to reopen for the next three years after it opened its doors .
royal bank of england has written to banks to warn that the uk will not be able to reduce costs .
a car company has been ordered to apologise after complaints about parking at a car park .
matt crooks scored a hat - trick as peterborough came from behind to beat peterborough in league one .
yorkshire will host durham in the t20 blast quarter - finals after the final day of the season .
the body of author helen bailey was found at her home in ceredigion , an inquest has heard .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in county armagh have charged a man with her missing mother and daughter .
anna gillan is to join the cast of the galaxy for the first time in a new series .
nigel farage 's campaign for the us presidential election is n't just a few weeks away .
google has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to creating more than 1,000 jobs in the uk .
european council president donald tusk has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will remain in the european union .
jurgen klopp 's reign as liverpool 's champions league campaign came to an end with a narrow victory over borussia dortmund .
forest green 's unbeaten start to the national league season continued as they beat cheltenham at blundell park .
fidel castro , cuba 's communist party , is one of the world 's most powerful leaders .
the wife of a british man who was held in iran for more than two years has arrived in iran .
a former bbc dj has told a court he was sexually abused by a man he met on tv .
ospreys flanker jamie roberts says he will not be fit for wales ' tour of new zealand .
police in italy say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack on a berlin restaurant .
two people have been arrested in connection with a major security operation at edinburgh 's natural resources park .
scotland 's first couple have been married in the cairngorms for the first time in their history .
it 's been a year since northern ireland voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
stoke city have completed the signing of striker andy carroll from premier league side fulham for an undisclosed fee .
a restaurant in gloucester has been closed after a fire broke out at a former restaurant in the city .
turkey 's media watchdog has ordered the arrest of two journalists accused of plotting to overthrow the government .
oil prices have fallen for the second time this year , according to the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- .
police in italy have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a series of gang - raped attacks .
the family of a british man who died after being diagnosed with leukaemia say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
harvard university is to become the first us university in the world to win a prestigious prestigious prestigious degree .
for the first time , the leaders of the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- gmb -rrb- in the wake of the independence referendum .
one of the world 's best - known women in wales is celebrating its 50th anniversary .
lewis hamilton suffered a serious head injury in practice at the mexican grand prix as mercedes team - mate nico rosberg suffered a crash .
police in londonderry have been reacting to the shooting of a man in the city of derry .
a council has apologised to residents of yorkshire 's tour of france after a ` ` smelly '' lorry was found on a pavement .
relatives of the victims of the murder of anni dewani have told the bbc they are ` ` devastated '' by the killing of her husband .
the us navy has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that a ship seized by iran last week has been seized .
rail services between birmingham and birmingham are being warned to expect disruption on the main line between london and birmingham .
a dundee university has identified a new type of ospreys - based gene therapy which aims to improve her life .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have announced the birth of their baby daughter , princess of wales , .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations were dashed as ivory coast came from behind to beat algeria .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has made its first appearance on a mission to europe .
welsh education minister huw lewis has said the welsh government is ` ` not good enough '' to win the best place in the uk .
the premier league season starts on monday , with the likes of former england and newcastle united striker andy halliday and gary hallam .
` ` i ' ve been working in space , '' says jamie roberts , who has become a star of star wars films .
doctor who star peter capaldi is to return to the bbc for a second series of doctor who .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about his links with russia .
craft brewer brewdog has raised more than # 1 m to help fund its investment in the us .
bt has been accused of ` ` failing '' residents to use their homes as part of a plan to build more homes .
derby county boss nigel pearson says he is ` ` lucky '' to be out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
two men have been jailed for stealing cash from a cash machine from a bank in north lanarkshire .
two food company bosses have been fined # 2.5 m for selling food waste to a council .
scotland 's first minister has told the scottish parliament that the uk should stay in the european union .
one of scotland 's best - known stores has announced plans to expand its stores in scotland .
the number of students applying for university places in england has risen by almost a third in the past year .
mullah akhtar mullah akhtar mansour has been killed in a drone strike in afghanistan .
the number of new cars sold in scotland rose by 1 % in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest figures .
steven naismith says he is ` ` very happy '' to return to inverness caledonian thistle as he prepares to leave the club .
aldershot extended their unbeaten league run to seven games with victory over grimsby at blundell park .
two inmates who died at a jail in kent have lost their legal challenge against their convictions , a judge has ruled .
sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat sheffield wednesday and move into the top four of the championship table .
welsh cyclist laura davies has been named in the great britain women 's race at the world championships in birmingham .
swansea university 's dylan thomas has been named the uk 's best writer of the year for the year .
mexico 's governor , rodrigo duterte , is to be investigated over allegations of fake health .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- will not be prosecuted over the deaths of two sas reservists at an sas training centre , a coroner has ruled .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on revenge porn in the uk .
shrewsbury town midfielder ogogo ogogo will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
a woman who died after suffering severe burns has been given a suspended jail term for two and a half years .
england and wales have been urged to ban poppies from wearing poppies during world cup qualifying matches .
cornish pirates have signed fly - half matt o'shea on a two - year deal .
more than half of children in the uk have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes , a study suggests .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was attacked in glasgow .
you ' ve been using your mobile phone to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
boxing fans are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the death of muhammad ali in the democratic republic of congo .
indian prime minister narendra modi has resigned as prime minister of the country 's main opposition party .
a british soldier has died in an avalanche in indian - administered kashmir , indian officials say .
jessica ennis - hill is set to become the first woman to complete a marathon in her life .
the remains of a man whose remains were found in a car park have been identified as a killer .
it 's been a year since the beatles opened their new home at liverpool 's cavern club .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said there is a ` ` substantial amount of money '' to deal with policing .
it 's been a year since the uk 's worst drought in the uk , but there 's a lot of rain .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern wales , the royal navy has confirmed .
former conservative mp chris huhne has called for an mp to be freed from prison after he was jailed for six months .
a dog has been rescued from a fire at a house in falkirk after a fire broke out .
scottish first minister alex salmond has said he will not be allowed to stand for a second independence referendum .
birmingham city boss gary rowett says his side 's 2 - 1 home defeat by birmingham city is ` ` not good enough '' .
it 's not just a few weeks since donald trump 's election victory , but there 's a lot of evidence .
sutton extended their lead at the top of the national league with a 2 - 1 win over sutton .
canada 's prime minister has called on canada to end a ` ` trade deal '' with canada .
a father has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the death of his six - year - old daughter .
worcestershire maintained their unbeaten start to the t20 blast campaign with a five - wicket win over worcestershire .
unions have called on the government to ` ` take control '' over cuts to services and services .
the fossilised dinosaur has been discovered in the spanish region of catalonia , a new study has found .
police are investigating the deaths of a woman at a house in renfrewshire on saturday . .
in the wake of the nazi death camp at auschwitz , hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in central london .
glamorgan chief executive jacques rudolph says he is ` ` disappointed '' the county 's decision to return to division two of the county championship .
a woman in the us state of kentucky has suffered a severe brain injury after her pet cat was found in a bar in the city of istanbul .
the isle of wight festival is to be held later this year , it has been announced , with the band taking part in this year 's event .
the body of danish journalist kim jong - il has been recovered from the sea in denmark , police say .
former french prime minister manuel valls has been elected as the new president of the french capital , paris .
us president barack obama has signed a deal with chinese president xi jinping , saying the us is ` ` absolutely committed '' .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi marwodraeth cymru yn dilyn gyfrifol .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says the club will not be able to play in the county championship this season .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon has been defeated in the race to become the next president .
two climbers have been rescued after getting into difficulty in the cairngorms .   's causeway .
alastair cook and joe root hit centuries as england dominated the second test against pakistan in abu dhabi .
sussex 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has written to the county council to discuss the fire service .
women 's super league one champions arsenal ladies were held to a goalless draw by arsenal ladies .
league two side morecambe have signed midfielders gary dugdale on a two - year deal .
a ceremony to mark the birth of a woman who was killed in the manchester attack has been held .
british olympic silver medallist beth tweddle says she is ` ` devastated '' after missing out on a medal at the rio olympics .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a number of firearms were found in wrexham .
astronomers in the isle of man have recreated the ` ` dark sky '' of a bright blue sky .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi marwolaeth cymru wedi dweud bod yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
a landmark landmark in australia 's western state of queensland has been declared a major step closer after a landmark ruling .
welsh actor rhodri jones has paid tribute to the ` ` best actor '' at the bafta cymru awards .
nigeria 's women 's football federation -lrb- caf -rrb- has been shortlisted for the bbc women 's footballer of the year award .
football association chairman greg dyke has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the football association 's decision to leave the european union .
two british soldiers have been killed in a suicide attack in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
scientists say they are looking at ways to find a baby 's brain in the brains of babies .
voting is under way in the south east of england and wales for the first time in more than a decade .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is preparing to launch its first ever satellite .
the number of free childcare providers in england is set to rise by 1 % over the next five years , the government has said .
britain 's chris and gabby adcock are through to the semi - finals of the women 's singles at the aegon open .
as ukraine prepares for the 2016 paralympic games , the country 's most successful paralympian and paralympic athletes will be able to compete at the rio paralympics .
japan 's nikkei index closed lower on friday as the country 's prime minister and prime minister shinzo abe 's decision to leave the european union .
a man has admitted causing the death of a 15-year - old girl who was hit by a car in glasgow .
a court in nigeria has sentenced two men to life in prison for inciting hatred against gay men .
league one side wigan athletic have re - signed crystal palace midfielder kevin macdonald on loan until the end of the season .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be leaving the club .
the welsh government is facing a ` ` significant increase '' in business rates , according to business leaders .
scotland 's first minister has met the scottish parliament for a second time in a row over the north sea .
the formula 1 season is under way in the united states , and it 's not easy to find ways to improve the sport .
the mother of a three - year - old boy who fell into a seafront has criticised the council for failing to protect him .
glasgow 's tower of flats are to be transformed into a # 3.5 m restoration project .
an 18-year - old man has been sexually assaulted by a group of men in glasgow city centre .
campaigners have called for a petition calling for the removal of a concert in the us to be banned from entering the uk .
worcestershire moved to the top of the county championship table after a draw with gloucestershire at the oval on day two .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist died in a crash .
star wars actor danny collins has donated $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.2 m -rrb- to the us military for his role in the san francisco air festival .
chancellor george osborne has said he wants to raise the minimum wage for student loans in england and wales .
the university of gwynedd is set to meet its targets for the next generation of small businesses .
turkey 's prime minister has called for an investigation into the deaths of dozens of civilians in a kurdish militia in northern syria .
a florida man has told police he is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by his treatment of breast cancer .
` ` i ' m going to be a cricket fan , '' says alastair cook .
turkey 's justice department -lrb- lu -rrb- has confirmed it will buy a new pension scheme for the uk 's second largest supermarket .
` ` i ' m going to the stage , '' says one of india 's best - known women who have won the bbc women 's competition .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's handling of the incident .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud eu bod wedi dweud bod yn dilyn yn dilyn gyfrifol .
a snake has been found in florida after it was found in a suitcase in the city of florida .
the pound has fallen to its lowest level for six years , according to a survey by the bank of england .
cardiff city have signed cardiff city left - back gary neville on loan until the end of the season .
one of northern ireland 's biggest companies , caterpillar , is to close its operations in northern ireland .
hundreds of thousands of homes in surrey are to be turned into a petition calling for the closure of their homes .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by fulham is ` ` not good enough '' .
the number of young people in the uk has fallen by almost a third in the past year , according to data obtained by the bbc .
worcestershire opener mitchell mitchell scored a hat - trick to help his side beat derbyshire in the one - day cup .
in india , the country 's most successful social care sector has a long - term problem .
somerset director of cricket steve rhodes says his side 's county championship division one title hopes will help them beat somerset by 10 wickets .
a former football club manager has appeared in court charged with stealing more than # 100,000 from a county antrim football club .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in west sussex .
lee westwood says he is ` ` ready '' to play his first major since winning the masters .
the number of transgender people in scotland has fallen by almost a third in a year , according to a report .
-lrb- noon -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day lower as shares in easyjet fell .
the uk independence referendum has been recorded in the wake of the vote to leave the eu , bbc scotland has learned .
two men have been given a suspended jail sentence after a gas leak was found in a storage room .
the taliban have captured the strategically important town of sangin in the western afghan province of helmand .
a grade ii - listed mansion in surrey which was damaged by fire is to be restored to the public .
a man has died in a crash at the hungarian grand prix , the italian grand prix has confirmed .
a man has been jailed for six years for plotting to kill a police officer and posting abusive messages on facebook .
researchers at bristol university have developed a new way to improve the quality of the power of electricity from renewable energy .
a woman has been attacked by a prison officer in maghaberry , county armagh , on sunday .
preston north end extended their unbeaten league run to seven games with a comfortable win over preston at fratton park .
us interest rates are likely to rise by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , janet yellen has said .
dinamo zagreb midfielder nicklas bendtner has been fined # 20,000 by the german football association -lrb- # 20,000 -rrb- after being fined by uefa .
cameroon 's women 's fa cup quarter - final against romania will be played on friday , the football association has confirmed .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 75th anniversary of the helicopter crash at the royal albert hall .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death .
the uk 's first online shopping service , ikea , is being launched in the uk this week .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the dangers of bird flu in lancashire .
japanese electronics giant mitsubishi motors has said it will sell its stake in the japanese firm toshiba .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of africa 's most important buildings .
the wife of a man who died in a car crash has told an inquest he did not know how his wife died .
virat kohli and virat kohli both scored centuries as india beat new zealand by five wickets in the world twenty20 .
a service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of britain 's armed forces .
scientists say they have discovered the remains of a skeleton believed to have been destroyed in a car crash .
britain 's mark cavendish produced a stunning display to win the tour de france as britain claimed the first race of the year .
codebreaker alan turing has been pardoned for the first time in more than 20 years after his death .
manchester city have made their first signing of the summer by bringing in midfielder bastian schweinsteiger .
at least 15 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in the iraqi capital baghdad , officials say .
liverpool ladies have signed germany under-20 international women 's super league side bayer leverkusen .
the family of a british woman who was seriously injured in a fall have said they are ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
barnsley boss lee johnson says he will not be able to play in the championship this season after his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by oldham .
the leaders of bangladesh and bangladesh have agreed to hold a peace deal with the country 's creditors .
it 's been a year since the eu referendum result , but it is n't just a few weeks ago .
britain 's eilidh doyle became the first woman to win the women 's gymnastics world championships in beijing .
england captain dylan hartley says his side are capable of beating south africa in the final six nations of the summer .
raheem sterling says he is ` ` not surprised '' by his manchester united team - mate raheem sterling 's decision to leave the club .
double olympic champion kelly richards says she is ` ` devastated '' after being forced to retire from the sport .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
at least 20 people have been killed in an air strike in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
leaving the eu would be ` ` disastrous '' if the uk leaves the european union , former labour leader lord o'donnell has said .
wigan warriors full - back kieran tierney has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
the parents of a 15-year - old girl who died after falling from cliffs in newcastle have paid tribute to them .
holders mamelodi sundowns of south africa 's under-20 africa cup of nations were eliminated from the group stage of the african champions league .
a motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in county antrim .
one of the world 's most expensive taxi companies has been sold for # 1.5 m .
a judge in barcelona has ordered a judge to remove a paedophile from the centre of the spanish capital .
labour 's jeremy corbyn 's pledge to raise tuition fees in england has been defeated in the labour party 's manifesto .
a hospital has apologised after a patient was told it was ` ` not fit for purpose '' by a health watchdog .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing for more than a year . '
millwall came from behind to beat millwall and move into the league one play - off places .
prime minister david cameron 's decision to travel to the uk to leave the european union is a significant milestone .
two new gcse and a - level gcse grades are to be introduced in england in a bid to change the system .
chancellor george osborne has announced plans to cut the number of public spending cuts in the next three years .
australia 's parliament has passed a bill which would allow britons to join extremists .
donegal 's european championship will be held next month , the irish open 's council has confirmed .
a food company has apologised to a woman who said she was ` ` bullied '' during a debate about the environment .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who was killed in a car crash in county durham .
the us says it will resume access to bahrain for the first time since the 9/11 attacks in march .
south africa have appointed former south africa batsman shivnarine kassain as their new head coach .
jose mourinho scored a hat - trick as chelsea came from behind to beat manchester united at stamford bridge .
aberdeen have completed the signing of midfielder shinnie shinnie from aberdeen on a two - year deal .
england head coach eddie jones said he was ` ` proud '' to win the six nations for the second time .
` ` we ' ve ever heard of the champions league , '' says one of germany 's best friendlies .
welsh motorcyclist dan evans set the fastest lap of the year at the isle of man tt .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has written a letter to the dup and sinn [ UNK ] asking voters to leave the eu .
a man accused of murdering his wife has appeared in court charged with the murder of her husband . '
hibernian were held to a goalless draw by queen of the south in the scottish cup .
one of scotland 's best - known firms has been named the uk 's best - known product .
it 's been a year since the world rugby championship - and it 's the biggest game in history .
great britain 's lizzie armitstead won the women 's triathlon world championships in australia .
dundee united came from behind to beat motherwell and move back to the top of the scottish premiership .
a man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a woman in a ` ` cowardly attack '' .
` ` i ' ve been n't happy , '' says emma pooley , but she 's already already made her debut album .
uganda 's parliament has banned gay and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- and transgender people from entering the country .
floyd mayweather says he was ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by conor mcgregor 's fight against conor mcgregor .
children in kenya are being encouraged to take part in the world 's biggest book of the year .
bayern munich have agreed a new three - year deal with the bundesliga club .   's governing body .
photographs of children from across the uk have been released to mark the centenary of the magna carta .
a tortoise died after being found in a field in devon , an inquest has heard .
a # 3.5 m cancer research centre in greater manchester has been announced by the health minister .
thousands of coptic christians have gathered in cairo to celebrate the arrival of pope francis in the city of cairo .
more than 1,000 people have been arrested in scotland over the past year , police have said .
henrik stenson will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the dubai desert classic .
the queen 's 90th birthday will be held in london this weekend , organisers have announced .
a man has been found guilty of planning a fire at a mosque in florida that killed a man .
the chairman of swansea city football club has been awarded a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours .
a zoo in the us state of ohio has removed a gorilla from its enclosure after the death of a gorilla .
french police say they have carried out an attack on a railway station in paris that left at least 12 people dead .
the owner of a pet cat who died after being poisoned has said she is ` ` devastated '' .
former fifa president sepp blatter has called for the uk to vote for the next fifa presidential election .
a new world war one battlefield is to be built at the site of the battle of the somme .
the world 's largest nuclear power plant has been forced to close because of safety concerns , it has been claimed .
a police community support officer has apologised for ` ` encouraging '' a group of people to travel to manchester for a terror attack .
` ` i ' m going to the stage , '' says amy del castillo , who has n't been talking about her work .
belfast giants moved to within a point of the elite league play - off semi - final with sheffield steelers .
championship strugglers blackburn were held to a goalless draw by blackburn rovers at the kassam stadium .
the prince of wales has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to the publication of his religious faith .
norway is to become the uk 's first european - wide power - sharing power station in europe .
an inquiry into the deaths of two nhs hospitals in england and wales has found no evidence of a fatal accident .
an archaeological dig in gwynedd is believed to be one of the most important finds in wales .
for the first time in more than a decade , it 's been a year since the oscars announced on sunday .
two men have gone on trial accused of trying to kill a man in a hotel room in luton .
defending champion andy murray reached the semi - finals of the aegon championships with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over france 's juan del del potro .
home secretary michael gove has written to turkish president recep tayyip erdogan to discuss the migrant crisis .
it 's a time of year when england 's exam boards take a look at some of the best tests in the world .
cancer patients in wales are being urged to get vaccination as part of a welsh government review .
real madrid are in talks with striker mario balotelli to sign a new contract , says manager mauricio pochettino .
one of scotland 's best - known characters has been spotted in the cairngorms .
polling stations have opened in cheshire and cheshire to elect a labour mp for the general election in may .
the people of london are celebrating the centenary of the magna carta in the capital 's history .
a collection of 1,000 nobel prize - winning polar bears has been sold at auction .
the bank of england has cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.5 % by 0.5 % .
bradford city have offered new deals to midfielder mark duggan after his release by league one club bradford city .
canada 's prime minister justin trudeau has lost his bid to become the next prime minister to resign .
the owner of tata steel 's uk operations has written to the bbc to discuss the sale of its business .
a court in sri lanka has sentenced two men to life in prison for the murder of former prime minister silvio berlusconi .
gloucester centre nick atkinson has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .   's summer
chinese tech giant baidu has launched a new version of its smartwatch , designed by google and google .
a court in pakistan has rejected an indian court 's request to extradite an iranian spy .
a man who posted a facebook message saying he was ` ` bullied '' by a muslim couple has spoken of his ordeal .
the welsh nhs is offering new treatments for cancer patients in denmark , but it is not easy to find them .
work is under way on a # 2.5 m flood prevention scheme to improve the main road in shropshire .
brighton & hove albion have re - signed brighton and england under-21 midfielder david wagner until the end of the season .
the us government 's website has been on the internet , but it 's not easy to know what it is happening .
plans for a golf course on the isle of man have been submitted to the scottish spey council .
it 's been a year since david horner 's death in australia , but it 's not the most important book in the world .
myanmar has signed a deal with the government to end a long - running peace deal with myanmar .
` ` it 's easy to buy the pound , '' says jean - claude juncker .
national league side aldershot town have signed former forest green rovers defender liam fox on loan until the end of the season .
the amount of gas in the uk 's energy sector needs to be reduced , a regulator has said .
one of the world 's most endangered species has been wiped out by poachers , scientists say .
cardiff city have appointed russell slade as their new manager on a three - year deal .   's eve celebrations .
china has warned that it will cut its fuel prices by more than 50 % in the first three months of the year .
nigeria 's government says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that some of its students were abducted by boko haram militants .
great britain won the men 's 4x100 m relay title at the european championships in hungary .
a world war two veteran has been reunited with his home after being found in a field in bristol .
welsh rugby union chairman huw jones says wales will be ` ` the best team in the world '' .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the scottish fishing industry after brexit .
russia says it will resume air strikes on syria 's eastern city of aleppo , the russian military says .
a campaign group has called for more action to tackle the problem of alcohol in the highlands and islands .
glasgow - based energy firm aggreko has reported a fall in profits for the three months to march .
it 's the most important day in the world , but it was n't the biggest technology ever .
algeria were knocked out of the africa cup of nations quarter - finals with a 2 - 0 win over algeria in the first leg of their african champions league semi - final .
a fire which broke out at a bonfire in stirlingshire was caused by a bonfire night , police have said .
derbyshire all - rounder james taylor has signed a two - year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
councils in england and wales could be forced to spend more than # 1bn on local authorities , the government has said .
the number of cyclists caught speeding in manchester has fallen by almost a third in a year , figures have shown .
david mcguinness said he was ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by the republic of ireland 's football team at the national football stadium .
tate modern 's new art gallery , the art of art , is the subject of a look at some of the best - known writers .
labour has won the seat of london 's mayoral election , which was held in by - election .
the rugby world cup semi - final between newcastle and newcastle united has been hailed as ` ` outstanding '' .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has apologised to the football association for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
a farmer who built a mock - tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it .
an inquest into the manchester arena bombing has been adjourned and adjourned until next year .
actor johnson johnson johnson , best known for his role in the 1960s film , has died at the age of 89 .
a ward at raigmore hospital in inverness has been closed to visitors after a norovirus outbreak .
a woman has admitted defrauding a pensioner out of # 1,000 from her employer .
jeremy corbyn has said she is ` ` confident '' that the scottish government will be able to introduce a new government .
colombia 's government says it has foiled an attack on a government website in the capital , bogota .
a carer who stole more than # 1,000 from his wife 's email account has been jailed .
the welsh government is calling for an independent review into the use of public bodies to be made public .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has said he will no longer be able to cross the country 's banks .
a hospital trust is to be placed in special measures after it was rated ` ` inadequate '' .
tens of thousands of people have marched in myanmar to protest against the government 's handling of protests .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a raid on a jewellery shop in lincolnshire .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been charged with electoral fraud after the election of his party 's candidate was beaten .
eddie redmayne has been revealed as the host of this year 's strictly come dancing awards .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers the closure of a bridge in ghana .
a man has died and two others have been injured in a crash involving two cars in aberdeenshire .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pps -rrb- has criticised the police ombudsman 's handling of the murder of jean fin finucane .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man who was shot dead in liverpool .
a statue of david bowie has been unveiled in hull to mark the 70th anniversary of the death of his death .
prime minister david cameron has apologised for suggesting muslim clerics should be removed from parliament .
the number of bees living in the uk is at its lowest level for 20 years , a study suggests .
bury have re - signed striker liam lowe from league one rivals bury on a two - year deal .
a village in the canadian city of toronto had to be stopped by police after a lorry smashed into a tree .
police investigating the rape of a woman in greater manchester say they are ` ` increasingly concerned '' about her disappearance .
the girlfriend of a woman who was found hiding in a carrier bag has been given an mbe in her appeal .
bbc radio ulster has won three awards at the ulster music festival -lrb- dup -rrb- .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot dead in oxford .
a primary school has apologised after a mother complained about her children 's christmas card .
` ` i ' ve been living in the middle east , '' says vladimir putin , who 's just a few years ago .
southport have parted company with manager kevin nicholson following their relegation from the national league for the rest of the season .
sale sharks have completed the signing of saracens full - back seamus coleman on a two - year deal .
i ' ve been talking about a woman 's ` ` right - wing '' facebook page .
all images are being sought for this year 's belladrum tartan heart festival in stornoway .
a video has been posted online to show ` ` mental health issues '' in a video appearing to show mental health problems .
tesco has announced it is to create 1,000 new stores across the uk , including one of the world 's largest retailers .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping and raping a woman in a glasgow street .
a hoard of ` ` wolf wolf '' has been discovered in a field in perthshire .
worcestershire opener mitchell mitchell made his first championship century of the season to help his side secure a draw against derbyshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in county fermanagh .
a woman has been shot in the leg at a house in glenavon , county londonderry .
the uk has opened its first foreign office in tehran , as part of a visit to the uk .
a canadian province has become the first country in the world to receive a $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6.5 m -rrb- aid package , according to a report .
the us state of ohio has announced it will cancel its annual holiday in the city of ohio this year .
the republic of ireland 's agriculture minister has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that the country 's food and food industry needs to expand .
actress lindsay lohan is to star in the bbc 's tv series the big screen this year .
germany 's state pension system is set to increase the number of pensioners who fail to save their lives .
ireland flanker sean o'brien has been ruled out of saturday 's six nations match against france .
former norwich city defender kevin keen has signed a new one - year contract with the premier league club .
a high court judge has ruled that northern ireland 's environment minister is ` ` unlawful '' .
north wales police ' chief constables have been criticised for failing to properly investigate allegations of sexual abuse .
two former soldiers have been jailed for smuggling cocaine into the uk from london to london to the uk .
mcdonald 's has announced plans to buy burger king in the uk for the first time in 20 years .
sony , the world 's biggest e - commerce retailer , is to sell its uk books .
northern ireland 's first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the government will not be able to fund the legacy of the troubles .
india 's supreme court has rejected a plan to build a nuclear power station on the fukushima nuclear plant .
it 's been a year since lewis hamilton won the australian grand prix for the second time in a row .
there 's a lot of talk about the legacy of the ira 's most senior ira man .
league one side preston north end have signed former aston villa midfielder matt pringle on a two - year deal .
young people in scotland are more likely to be sexually exploited in poverty , according to a new study .
sky has launched a new mobile phone service , which allows users to access mobile phones and mobile phones .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a crash on the isle of man .
the conservative party has rejected a motion calling for the government to be given the go - ahead .
the number of plastic bags in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % over the past year , according to a new report .
aberdeen city council has voted in favour of a plan to build the city 's largest garden in the city .
former news of the world editor andy coulson has been arrested in london on suspicion of phone hacking .
a collection of magna carta has been unveiled in lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the magna carta .
britain 's andy murray will return to the aegon championships for the first time in his career .
nigeria 's government has been accused of carrying out ` ` terrorist propaganda '' , the government says .
a rollercoaster has crashed at alton towers , killing four people and injuring more than 100 others .
a woman has been photographed in the queen 's birthday of her 90-year - old daughter .
blackpool moved into the league two play - off places after a goalless draw with crawley at bloomfield road .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of heavy rain has been issued for parts of wales .
british swimming has resigned from the european swimming championships after a report said it was ` ` disappointing '' .
welsh taekwondo 's taekwondo team will not be able to compete at next summer 's rio olympics .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen sharply , according to a report by the scottish government .
the story of david walliams ' schoolboy 's story has been taken to the stage .
the organisers of the cheltenham festival have said they will not be able to return to the city .
british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the father of a man who contracted hepatitis c has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the government 's decision to donate blood to children .
olympic champion jessica ennis - hill says she is ` ` shocked '' by her decision to withdraw from the rio olympics .
brentford have re - signed brentford midfielder matt crooks on loan until the end of the season .
poldark is to return to the bbc for the first time in more than 30 years , it has been announced .
a letter written by mark rylance to mark the 75th anniversary of the dambusters bombing has been unveiled .
oscar - winning actress jennifer lawrence has said she is ` ` devastated '' by her latest film .
aberdeenshire council has said it will close its doors for the second time in a bid to save money .
microsoft has announced a $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- scheme to help children in minecraft .
chancellor george osborne has said he wants to cut the minimum wage -lrb- isa -rrb- if he wins the election .
it 's almost a decade since donald trump 's nomination for the us national convention -lrb- ecb -rrb- , the electoral system is under way .
british number one johanna konta has announced she will play at the aegon international in nottingham next month .
india 's prime minister narendra modi 's visit to the indian city of kolkata -lrb- calcutta -rrb- has been a huge milestone .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` proud '' to play for the club .
football fans have been warned not to travel to the welsh premier league because of a ` ` disturbance '' at rodney parade .
liverpool midfielder luke shaw will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , says manager mark hughes .
the mother of a woman murdered in fife has spoken of her shock at the time she was killed .
england secured a place in the women 's six nations with a hard - fought victory over ireland .
a mental health unit is to be given a life sentence for the killer of a man who was convicted of a string of murders .
in a small town in the north - east of the united states , a small group of men are known as the ` ` jungle '' .
fife - based financial services firm barbican is to invest # 2.5 m in its uk business .
the bbc sports personality of the year 2016 will be broadcast live on bbc one on saturday , 5 august .
portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's board should be offered a share of the company 's shares .
a shark has landed on the welsh coast of pembrokeshire for the first time in more than 50 years .
the un 's refugee agency -lrb- caf -rrb- has told the un that some of the country 's worst migrant crisis in the country .
a judge in south africa has asked the supreme court to appeal against the conviction of a south african politician .
police in zimbabwe have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in the capital , harare .
a met police officer has been found guilty of gross misconduct after he found a monkey on a toy .
the formula 1 season gets under way in monaco this weekend , and there 's a lot of things about the sport .
the bodies of two men killed in syria have arrived in geneva for the first time since the conflict began in syria .
australia 's economy grew by 0.2 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
plans for fracking in wales are to be given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
a fire which broke out at a block of flats in glasgow city centre was caused by a fire .
south african athlete oscar pistorius is set to be released from prison after his release from prison .
the mother of a syrian woman who was killed by her family in the city of aleppo says she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' .
a rare sea turtle that washed up on a beach in south wales has been returned to the uk .
china 's president xi jinping has called on the country 's environment to tackle climate change .
one of the uk 's biggest companies has been accused of being ` ` unfair '' by mps .
worcestershire have signed new zealand all - rounder chris chester on loan until the end of the 2018 season .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said he is ` ` committed '' to the northern ireland executive .
the use of medicines in wales could be ` ` disastrous '' , a watchdog has warned .
an mp has told the bbc he is ` ` disappointed '' the crown prosecution service is ` ` not acceptable '' .
great britain have won the women 's 4x400 m relay team for the first time since 2008 .
madagascar have won the under-20 africa cup of nations for the first time after beating madagascar 2 - 0 in the semi - finals .
at least 15 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a storm battered the south of sydney .
ospreys fly - half alun wyn jones has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
scientists say they have discovered the remains of a baby girl who lived in the mediterranean to the us .
tanzania 's president robert mugabe has condemned the decision to ban gay people from entering the country .
it 's been a year since bp announced the # 1bn sale of oil and gas in the uk .
england all - rounder alex hales made a winning start to the one - day cup with a five - wicket win over nottinghamshire .
ukraine 's gas and gas sector have fallen to their lowest level in more than two years , according to the kremlin .
saturday 's fa cup quarter - final between manchester city and manchester city will be shown live on bbc one .
kumar sangakkara 's unbeaten century led england to a five - wicket win over sri lanka at lord 's .
us comedian pai pai has apologised after a video appeared to show her husband 's image .
in the us state of california , there 's a chance to go to the streets of washington this week .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are to receive a memorial service to mark the anniversary of her death .
british number two aljaz bedene has been knocked out of the french open in the second round .
hong kong 's new border with hong kong is set to be built on the greek island of lesbos .
ivory coast 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals were dashed as ivory coast beat egypt 2 - 0 on penalties .
senegal have won the under-20 africa cup of nations for the first time after beating senegal 2 - 0 on sunday .
welsh secretary alun cairns said he was ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by the decision to leave the eu .
a female soldier has been appointed as the uk 's first female soldier in the ministry of defence .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday , boosted by strong jobs data from wall street .
the owner of leeds rhinos says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the damage caused by flooding .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- has been banned from competing at the rio paralympics .
there 's a lot of things about london 's transport system , but there 's been a lot more about .
novak djokovic beat spain 's sam querrey 6 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 6 -rrb- 6 - 4 7 - 6 -lrb- 3 - 6 -rrb- 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 2 to win the olympic men 's -lrb-4 -lrb-4 -rrb-4 -lrb-4 -lrb-4 -lrb-4 -rr
bury have re - signed striker ryan gigg on loan until the end of the season , subject to a medical .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 0 win over rangers .
two people have been injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in west dunbartonshire .
crewe came from behind to beat 10-man crewe and move up to third in the league two table .
andy murray 's bid to become the world 's top tennis player has been backed by andy murray .
the family of a woman who died in police custody have won a high court appeal against a ruling which led to her death .
the vatican is to elect a new head of the roman catholic church , the bbc has learned , .
the risk of a heart attack could be reduced to 10 times more likely to reduce the risk posed by patients , researchers say .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a stabbing in bristol .
politicians and politicians are being urged to take part in a ` ` metro transport '' in the north of england .
zlatan ibrahimovic says he is ` ` happy '' to play portugal in the champions league .
nico rosberg won the canadian grand prix for the second time in a row with victory in the spanish grand prix .
the world 's longest aircraft carrier , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- , has opened its doors .
it 's not easy to see a group of musicians from liverpool , but the bbc 's steve mckeagre reports from the bbc that i ' ve never seen .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in australia for their first two - day tour of australia .
the greek prime minister , alexis tsipras , is back in brussels after the country voted to leave the european union .
sussex have re - signed sussex all - rounder chris davis on a two - year deal .
the former editor of the daily telegraph has been awarded # 1.5 m in damages from the news of the world .
wales women secured a place in the eurohockey championships quarter - finals with a 3 - 0 win over italy in cardiff .
swansea city boss paul clement says his side 's 2 - 0 premier league win over crystal palace was ` ` embarrassing '' .
a woman in the us state of alabama has spoken of her ` ` joy '' about what she says is a mockingbird .
the trial of a man accused of the murder of a student in glasgow has been told by a jury she had been trying to kill him .
the uk 's biggest lenders have called on the world 's biggest banks to be abolished .
northern ireland 's martin mcguinness will compete in this year 's isle of man tt at this weekend 's tt .
nhs bosses in england say they are ` ` appalled '' by the way patients are treated with cancer .
there 's a lot of complaints about the nhs in wales and the nhs , but there 's no sign of the way they are treated .
the snp has selected two candidates to stand in the holyrood seat of the scottish parliament .
people with hiv should be given a chance to get hiv treatment , say researchers in the lancet .
a fire has broken out at a railway station in south yorkshire after a fire broke out on the tracks .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my life , '' says jessica ennis - hill .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in county tyrone last year .
more than 1,000 cases of female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- are being offered to women in wales .
dixons carphone , the owner of dixons carphone and mobile phone group , has reported a sharp fall in profits .
the dinosaurs were wiped out by the asteroid strike that struck the us , according to scientists in the us .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street ended the day higher on wednesday , with shares in wall street closed lower .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino says his side 's 2 - 0 champions league win over bayer leverkusen was a ` ` huge mistake '' .
a woman from york has spoken of her distress after she was found in a burglary in turkey .
the welsh government has unveiled a plan to help children with special educational needs -lrb- huw -rrb- .
the uk government has apologised to the family of a british man who died in a fire in iraq last year .
a man has been found guilty of gross misconduct over the death of a patient at a hospital in inverness .
a charity has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that funding is needed to improve the quality of scottish swimming .
it 's been a year since russia voted to leave the european union , and it 's not easy .
a ukip mep has called for a ban on islamic extremists to be banned from entering the country .
the government has agreed to pay compensation to millions of people affected by the death of the sclerosis -lrb- fca -rrb- .
wales coach warren gatland says the british and irish lions will be a ` ` good chance '' for the six nations .
us actor eddie jones has tweeted a video appearing to show the great british bake off .
donegal will face donegal in the all - ireland semi - finals after a 0 - 16 defeat by galway .
tens of thousands of people have been voting in the mexican capital , san diego , for the first time in more than a decade .
a 17-year - old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south london .
the number of people living in the us has fallen by more than a third in a year , a survey suggests .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with preparing acts of terrorism , police have said .
norwegian mass killer anders behring breivik has written an open letter urging him to leave the norwegian capital oslo .
dixons carphonehone , the owner of dixons carphone , has been hacked by hackers .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering his ex - boyfriend in a supermarket car park .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have become the first in the uk to be given a commemorative coin .
a ` ` secret '' computer has been stolen from a museum in norway after the discovery of a computer .
hundreds of councils in south london are being asked to pay for a third runway at heathrow airport .
charlton athletic have released six players , including midfielders jermaine jenas , following their relegation from the premier league .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of killing a british man in norway in june .
a plaque has been unveiled in memory of a teacher who was stabbed to death at a school in leeds .
zlatan ibrahimovic is set to become manchester united 's first premier league player in europe .
french police have arrested a man suspected of planning a terror attack on a jewish museum in paris on friday .
labour has launched its manifesto for the party 's manifesto , saying it is ` ` appalling '' .
rangers moved to within three points of scottish premiership leaders livingston with victory over livingston at ibrox .
manchester city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by burnley .
a man has been arrested in brussels on suspicion of preparing a terrorist attack , the belgian interior ministry says .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says he wants to sign chelsea striker victor moses for the first time this season .
drones should be used to monitor drones , according to the us 's director of the national security agency .
a man has been taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries following a two - car crash in aberdeenshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday , with the dow jones closing higher .
trainer aidan o'brien made a winning start to the season with a comfortable victory at aintree .
ireland 's hopes of qualifying for the intercontinental cup were dented by a rain - affected draw in dublin .
two men have been arrested after a cash machine was stolen from a private office in glasgow city centre .
britain 's jamie murray and bruno soares are through to the semi - finals of the aegon championships in london .
britain 's johanna konta reached the semi - finals of the aegon championships with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over croatia 's anastaov .
a man has died and two people have been injured in a collision with a car in greater manchester .
jeremy corbyn has accused the labour party of ` ` breaking the rules '' for the party 's leadership .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the death of a palestinian man during a protest in jerusalem .
nice striker mario balotelli has apologised to the club 's director of football mario balotelli .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 share index closed lower on friday , with shares in london and france .
a pensioner has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was found guilty of attempting to murder her .
the ukrainian government has warned that a convoy of lorries in eastern ukraine has been destroyed in a rebel - held town .
a six - month - old baby died after being bitten by a dog , an inquest has heard .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for posting abusive messages on social media about women he posted online .
chinese social media giant alibaba has sold its shares in china for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2bn -rrb- .
researchers in india say they have found a new way to combat the spread of antibiotic - resistant bacteria .
pope francis has been sworn in as the new israeli ambassador to the west bank , in a ceremony in jerusalem .
lancashire county 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has warned of cuts to services .
republic of ireland manager martin o'neill has been ruled out of euro 2016 after suffering a knee injury .
toulon 's pro12 champions cup quarter - final defeat by toulon is ` ` not good enough '' , says the welsh rugby union .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed in a house in south lanarkshire .
a south african court has suspended an anti - doping laboratory in the country after it was suspended .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at a north belfast plant as part of a deal to save jobs .
thousands of people have taken part in a new year 's day swim , organisers have said .
do you know if you 're going to take a look at the best book in the world .
an independent review into historical child sex abuse allegations against former labour peer lord janner has been dropped .
the us department of justice has announced plans to limit the use of mobile phones in the us and us .
police in india say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a student in the city of bangalore .
iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi has been killed in clashes with protesters in baghdad , officials say .
mae ' r heddlu gogledd wedi dweud eu bod yn dweud wrth i farwolaeth cymru wedi dweud wrth iddyn nhw ' r gorff .
microsoft has announced plans to create 2,000 new cable networks across the world , in a bid to boost broadband .
perth scrum - half brendon mccullum reached the semi - finals of the challenge cup for the third time in a row .
china 's nikkei index has fallen to a record high for the second consecutive month in a row .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash on a bus in flintshire .
dagenham & redmayne says they 're ` ` happy '' to win the album of the year .
han solo has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will return to the new star wars film .
newcastle united manager rafael benitez says his side can not afford to avoid relegation from the premier league .
the us military says it carried out a raid on a pakistani military base in the city of karachi .
blackpool fans have been asked to pay # 10,000 damages to the club 's owners , the club has said .
david cameron has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the migrant crisis in syria .
middlesex kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals alive as they beat kent by eight wickets at lord 's .
a tesco supermarket has been fined # 2,000 after a ` ` drunken '' bottle was thrown from a supermarket .
the us has said it will release more than 1,000 afghan prisoners held by the taliban .
oldham athletic were held to a goalless draw by league one side oldham in the fa cup second round .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a house in greater manchester .
scunthorpe united have parted company with the league two club following the departure of midfielder luke freeman .
two men have been charged in connection with a series of thefts from a shop in torfaen .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south belfast .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the a74 in dumfries and galloway .
inter milan have completed the signing of inter milan midfielder romain defoe on a three - year deal .
madagascar 's supreme court has ruled that the country 's new president will stand for the first time .
a motorist has admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving after a crash in nottingham .
hundreds of people have marched through brighton to protest against anti - social behaviour and anti - social behaviour .
brexit changes should be made to the uk 's brexit bill , theresa may has said .
tottenham maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a hard - fought win over swansea .
bbc sport will broadcast live coverage of england 's women 's rugby world cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .
the london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has ended its long - running dispute with london 's mayor .
russia says it has agreed a deal to end the conflict in syria 's eastern city of homs .
playboy magazine has announced it is shutting down more than 1,000 adverts in the us .
donald trump 's bid to build a wind farm in aberdeen has been approved by the scottish government .
plans for a new bridge on the river tyne in aberdeen have been approved by the city council -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
there 's a lot of warnings about sexual abuse in england and wales , but it 's not enough to do it .
saturn 's cassini probe has made its first mission to saturn , but it 's not easy to see it .
there 's a lot of scottish football 's attention on scotland 's game against celtic on saturday .
a man has been found guilty of drugs offences after he was caught with a street value of # 1 m .
archaeologists in swansea say they have uncovered a ` ` horrendous '' skeleton of a fossilised skeleton .
swansea city have won the premier league title for the first time in their history after beating swansea city .
harlequins prop samson lee has been named in england 's squad for the six nations .
two former councils have lost their legal bid to overturn a legal challenge against the scottish government over claims of tax evasion .
hibernian head coach neil lennon hailed his side 's ` ` incredible '' start to the season after a 2 - 0 win over rangers .
derby county have signed defender ben davies from derby county for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
england 's euro 2016 win over brazil is the best place in football , according to a new study .
a fossilised dinosaur could be built in the uk for the first time in more than 30 years .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has released an arrest warrant for irish president michel hickey , who was arrested in brazil last month .
a planning application for a wind farm in the highlands has been approved by the scottish environment agency -lrb- croft -rrb- .
valve has announced it will launch its first video game in the uk next year , with the launch of the video game .
league one side blackpool have signed midfielder jack cooke on a two - year deal following his release by coventry city .
one of scotland 's biggest restaurants has gone into administration , with the loss of about 50 jobs .
education secretary nicky morgan says she is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's plans to cut school funding .
labour 's shadow home secretary has accused the prime minister of ` ` encouraging terror attacks '' in the wake of the terror attacks .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has upheld the ban on russian athletes from the rio olympics .
south korea 's riviera claimed his first european tour title with a one - shot victory at the us pga championship .
a man accused of murdering his estranged wife in glasgow has told a court he was ` ` scared '' by her husband .
a pub in gwynedd which was damaged by flooding has opened to the public for the first time .
scientists say they have discovered a new species of chimpanzees in africa that lived in africa .
a # 3.5 m redevelopment of a denbighshire school has been given the go - ahead .
in the middle east , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu is looking forward to the idea of a new political solution .
the owner of a snake that was found in a suitcase in cardiff has said it is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
fulham have re - signed striker christian furore from bundesliga side bayer leverkusen for an undisclosed fee .
a ` ` horrendous '' cockerel has been stolen from a hotel in greater manchester .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future in the country .
olympic silver medallist stephanie inglis says she is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after being injured in a crash in norfolk .
paris st - germain have signed paris st - germain defender laurent blanc on a two - year contract .
a former greek finance minister has been jailed for six years for tax evasion and tax evasion .
nicky ajose scored a late winner as charlton came from behind to beat charlton at the memorial stadium .
a new type of chlorine has been developed by a us hospital for the first time in three years .
a former plaid cymru am is calling on the welsh assembly to be given the right to register .
us tv star justin bieber is to return to the uk for the first time in more than 30 years .
three bus companies could be removed from the uk 's biggest bus company , the competition commission has said .
alastair cook has been named as england 's test captain for the second test against india .
pete mcgrath has been elected as the new gaelic football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- .
the boss of nissan has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the uk will not be able to compete in the rio olympics .
the home secretary has accused the government of ` ` misleading '' the european court of justice over air pollution .
a mother has been jailed for three years for stealing more than # 20,000 from a mobile phone .
sierra leone is mourning the death of a man who died in the ebola outbreak in west africa .
` ` i ' ve got a little bit of a character , '' says brian clough .
london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- has cancelled a 24-hour strike over pay and conditions .
at least eight people have died and dozens are missing after a landslide in the south - eastern pacific .
tiger woods says he is ready to return to action for the first time in more than a year after suffering a back injury .
new crystal palace manager richie foran says chris crofting should stay at the club until the end of the season .
the parents of a six - month - old girl who died from a brain tumour are suing the nhs .
it 's been a year since the world 's longest - serving football association -lrb- bfa -rrb- announced it was a major incident in the middle east .
a swansea man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a six - year - old girl .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a birmingham street .
the world 's largest toy company has had a good idea - it 's easy to find it .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of tunisian midfielder mohamed salah for an undisclosed fee .
work on a new # 2.5 m road between wrexham and chester is expected to start on monday .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has said he will not be able to work in northern ireland .
scotland 's brexit secretary has said the uk government is ` ` very confident '' its brexit negotiations with the european union .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in lisburn , county antrim .
singapore is the world 's best - known economy , but it 's not easy to find it .
one of britain 's best - known actors has sold at auction for # 1,000 .
henrik stenson carded a one - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the abu dhabi championship .
qpr came from behind to beat ipswich and move up to second in the championship table with victory over ipswich .
former prime minister theresa may has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the uk 's supreme court ruling on brexit .
there 's a lot of homeless people in england and wales to find out how they are homeless .
russia 's electoral watchdog has banned the activities of foreign organisations in the run - up to the election .
scotland 's chief executive has called for an investigation into a helicopter crash in norway to be lifted .
` ` it was n't just a few years ago , '' said raith rovers manager john mcginn .
roger federer , jamie murray , novak djokovic and jamie murray have been a great british player .
bangladesh security services have been fined $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- after a cyber - attack .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the football association says it is ` ` disappointed '' that england 's football association -lrb- fa -rrb- is considering introducing new guidelines to players .
a man has been jailed for four years for sexually assaulting a man in londonderry last year .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the us 's decision to leave the country .
a british cyclist has been injured in a car crash in france , police say , after a woman was injured .
work has begun on a # 2.5 m project to improve shipping containers at a port in fife .
it 's been a bit of a bit like a hairdresser , but it 's not easy .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on friday as the pound fell sharply in the wake of the brexit vote .
warrington wolves head coach shaun wane says his side 's super league win over sydney roosters is a ` ` massive achievement '' .
a british man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in thailand .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
the remains of two men have been unearthed in wiltshire for the first time in more than 100 years .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with manslaughter over the killing of bollywood actor salman khan .
a 16th century mansion in manchester was destroyed by a fire which broke out , the fire service has said .
about 2,000 people have been warned not to travel to wales for the weekend due to heavy rain .
leinster moved level on points with pro12 leaders cardiff blues at the top of the pro12 table .
a mental health patient who stabbed a patient at a nottingham hospital has had his jail sentence increased by three years .
people living in devon have become the first in the uk to live in the island 's population .
scientists say they have found the earliest evidence of the fossilised skeleton of a fossil from the dinosaurs .
` ` she was n't just a few years ago , '' says priya khartoum .
scotland 's largest college has voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
a bus company has been fined # 2,000 for ` ` breaching '' travel rules .
mountain rescuers have issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow in the highlands .
us president barack obama has said the us is ` ` absolutely committed '' to a hospital in the afghan city of kunduz .
the family of a doctor who died after being hit by a car in devon say they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
arlene arkinson said she was ` ` shocked '' by the police ombudsman 's handling of her disappearance , a court has heard .
rain - affected rain - affected rain - affected county championship division two leaders gloucestershire at chester - le - street .
survivors of the alton towers rollercoaster crash have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the accident .
google shares fell more than 4 % after the company reported a rise in advertising revenue and advertising revenue .
a woman who posted online abuse on her daughter 's facebook page has said she is ` ` devastated '' by online abuse .
the royal college of surgeons -lrb- rcn -rrb- is urging people not to take part in the event 's mental health .
one of nigeria 's best - known teenagers is opening a stage in the west end .
birmingham city have re - signed algeria international mohamed salah on loan until the end of the season .
guernsey 's jazz musician has launched a competition to create a new generation of music - shaped musicians .
the scottish government has launched a review into the care of young people in scotland , following a review .
an advert for women 's fashions has been branded ` ` ridiculous '' by a newspaper .
jos buttler hit a hat - trick as england completed a 2 - 0 series whitewash over south africa at the oval .
demolition work has begun on a section of the site of a former petrochemical plant in suffolk .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 closed lower after the company reported a fall in profits .
the nobel peace prize has been awarded to liberia 's former president ellen johnson for the first time .
peter fawlty , who has died at the age of 74 , has been named the uk 's longest - serving producer .
hull kr centre alex galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a woman who stole more than # 300,000 from a pensioner 's home in glasgow has been jailed .
the leader of the welsh government has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that local government plans to cut local services .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has gone missing from his home in perthshire .
schools in scotland are to be given the go - ahead by the scottish government over the next five years .
a new home for the first time in the history of the english defence league has been saved by the city council .
the number of candidates standing in leeds to elect a new leader in the city of leeds has risen .
surrey captain alastair cook has signed a two - year contract extension to keep him at the oval until the end of the 2018 season .
a railway line in gwynedd has reopened after heavy rain caused major flooding and disruption to services .
a labour mp has written to the prime minister calling for a third runway at gatwick airport .
portsmouth came from behind to beat league two promotion - chasing carlisle in a thrilling game at fratton park .
dozens of people have been arrested in the austrian capital , vienna , in connection with a series of attacks on young people .
hungary 's prime minister has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the migrant crisis in the country .
dover extended their lead at the top of the national league with a 2 - 1 win over chester .
a six - year - old girl has been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty off the devon coast .
a suicide bomber has killed at least 20 people at a military base in the afghan city of kunduz , officials say .
the uk leaving the european union would be ` ` more likely '' to leave the eu , a leading conservative mp has said .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on smoking in smokers and smokers .
david cameron has said he will not be allowed to vote for the uk to leave the european union .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has said he will not defend the country 's independence .
the bbc is looking at ways to improve the lives of thousands of people in the uk and ireland .
a legal challenge to a fatal accident inquiry into a helicopter crash in shetland has been rejected by a judge .
alviro petersen and alviro petersen both made half - centuries on day two against lancashire at old trafford .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off the dorset coast .
two fishermen have been rescued after their fishing boat got into difficulty off the coast of lough neagh .
google 's artificial intelligence system has been developed by scientists at the world 's largest gaming conference .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
french presidential candidate francois fillon is to step down from his party 's parliamentary election , officials say .
as the house of lords prepares for the first time , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme is about to be published .
sutton united reached the fa cup third round for the first time in a row with a 2 - 0 win over sutton .
voting is under way in england and wales for the first time in the local elections in the county .
more than 100 motorists have been tested for drink - driving in north wales , police have said .
england 's six nations title hopes are over , and it 's not easy to reach the semi - finals .
india 's army has attacked a remote village in the southern indian city of hyderabad , a report by the army says .
police are trying to trace two men who carried out a ` ` horrendous '' operation in norfolk .
newport gwent dragons are close to agreeing a deal to sign wales scrum - half luke charteris .
australia captain liam smith has paid tribute to the ` ` hero '' of phillip hughes , who died after suffering a head injury .
three people have been killed in a knife attack in china 's xinjiang region , state media report .
birmingham city boss harry redknapp has been given a two - match touchline ban by the football association after his red card against birmingham city .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in county antrim .
world number one jordan boulter has pulled out of this week 's us pga championship after suffering a head injury .
the director of the bbc has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to charge the corporation 's licence fee .
for the first time in the uk , many of the world 's most famous landmarks are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the easter rising .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the stormont executive 's handling of the northern ireland bill .
police in the netherlands have carried out a ` ` major security alert '' in the wake of the paris attacks .
it 's been a long - awaited letter to mark the 50th anniversary of harry potter 's death .
singer george lucas has said he is ` ` devastated '' by his latest album , saying it is ` ` a bit of a joke '' .
shares in softbank have risen after japan 's softbank said it would sell its rival arm holdings .
a ukrainian court has sentenced 15 people to life in prison for plotting attacks on foreigners in the country .
the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse in england and wales .
glamorgan beat glamorgan by eight wickets in the one - day cup quarter - finals to win the t20 blast .
a russian airliner has been suspended after a russian jet crashed in egypt killing all 224 people , a russian report says .
former prime minister sir vince cable has said he will not be leaving the house of commons in june .
west ham came from behind to beat newcastle and reach the efl cup quarter - finals for the first time .
a man has been robbed at knifepoint during a burglary at a house in greater manchester .
harry potter fans are helping to find a real real - life album , but they do n't find it .
a report into the deaths of two of the uk 's biggest holidaymakers has been published by the bbc .
the number of cosmetic implants in the uk is to be reviewed by the royal college of surgeons .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has signed a two - year deal with south africa 's governing body .
a sixth - form academy in england has been given the go - ahead by the education secretary .
former bristol and gloucester prop mako vunipola have spoken of their ` ` disappointment '' at the club 's rugby union team .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has become the first person in the world to be able to use oil .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the northern indian capital , delhi , to protest against the government 's plans for a new border .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel beat mercedes team - mate valtteri bottas to win the german grand prix .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has been re - elected for a third term in office .
more than 1,000 people have been evacuated from besieged rebel - held areas of the syrian city of aleppo .
forest green rovers came from behind to beat torquay 2 - 0 and move into the national league relegation zone .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time in their history , which starts on sunday .
the conservatives have retained control of northamptonshire county council after the conservatives lost control of their local council elections .
ufc featherweight champion conor mcgregor says he will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas for the first time .
us tv star o'leary o'donnell has been diagnosed with a suspected heart attack .
wigan warriors moved up to second in super league with a hard - fought victory over wigan warriors .
` ` if the uk votes to leave the european union , '' says jean - claude juncker , ` ` i ' ve never heard of britain '' .
us president - elect donald trump has said he is ` ` absolutely committed to terrorism '' .
the us is preparing for a ` ` terrorist attack '' on the pacific island of guam , the us military says .
wycombe moved into the league two play - off places with a comfortable win over wycombe .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in a snowdonia lake in gwynedd .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- 's decision to send a rocket to mars has been a success .
glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- has launched a fundraising appeal to raise funds for the fire - damaged mackintosh building .
a mental health trust is planning to close a hospital in a bid to save the lives of patients .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a woman whose body was found in a suitcase in her garden .
southampton manager ronald koeman says his side will not be able to reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
police in the netherlands say they are investigating the malaysia airlines plane crash that killed more than 100 people .
two men have been charged in connection with an alleged plot to join so - called islamic state .
mansfield town have signed mansfield town striker sam warburton on loan until the end of the season .
tv star emma watson is to write a series of characters in a tv drama about the author 's death .
celtic manager ronny deila said he was ` ` proud '' to score his first scottish cup win over rangers .
partick thistle have confirmed the signing of partick thistle defender alan archibald on a two - year deal .
lewis hamilton is one of the best - known formula 1 teams in the world of 2015 .
all photographs courtesy of a giant iceberg in the arctic have been captured by a group of scientists .
a memorial service has been held in lancashire to mark the centenary of the battle of waterloo , who died in world war one .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation and sexual exploitation after a man was arrested in rotherham .
a judge in california has ordered a us judge to pay $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3,000 -rrb- to a judge who sold his wife 's wedding .
russia 's economy shrank by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
moeen ali 's unbeaten century led england to a five - wicket victory over west indies in the second test at edgbaston .
tottenham will play manchester united in the fa cup quarter - finals at wembley on sunday , 5 february .
britain 's cox cox won the first gold medal of the european judo championships in hungary on sunday .
a court in china has sentenced two men to life in prison for their part in a case against the internet .
police are hunting a man who threatened a man with a knife during an armed robbery at a quarry .
donald trump is one of the most influential figures in the us , and it 's not the republican presidential nominee .
scotland 's laura muir says she is confident she will compete at the world indoor championships in glasgow .
poland 's brexit magazine has released a letter to the prime minister asking people to leave the european union .
st johnstone came from behind to beat st johnstone in the first leg of their europa league first qualifying round .
the syrian government has agreed a deal to retake rebel - held areas of the city of aleppo .
wales scrum - half danny swanson says he is ` ` happy '' to face wales in the six nations .
triathletes are taking part in a series of events across the world to help people with mental health problems .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the rogers cup with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over france 's caroline wozniacki .
a service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of st james 's day .
mark ronson 's latest album has become the first person to win the us album chart , ending the death of a teenager .
the arctic ocean may not be able to measure the impact of arctic sea ice in the arctic , according to a new study .
the family of a british holidaymaker who went missing in bulgaria have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
national league side macclesfield town have signed midfielder liam mills from national league rivals torquay united .
scotland 's largest teaching union has launched a campaign to increase the number of places in the uk .
a maths teacher who posted indecent images of children has been given a suspended prison sentence .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the world cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they lost to france in dublin .
nottinghamshire 's daryl gurney has signed a new two - year contract with the championship division one side .
the number of people dying from alcohol - related deaths in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , a report says .
tottenham midfielder harry redknapp has signed a two - year contract extension with the premier league club .
us department store chain macy 's has reported a sharp fall in sales and sales in the us .
stuart hogg 's first british and irish lions tour of new zealand ended in defeat by new zealand .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing a woman in dundee .   's day
argentina 's prime minister has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the country 's decision to remove oil from the falkland islands .
ulster 's all - ireland sfc title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 2 - 11 to 0 - 13 in the all - ireland qualifiers .
alviro petersen and alun wyn jones shared an unbeaten century to help lancashire fight back against lancashire at old trafford .
tens of thousands of people have marched in mexico to protest against same - sex marriage in the capital .
swansea city midfielder scott sinclair has signed a new five - year deal with the premier league club .s
coventry city 's ricoh arena will not be able to sell the ricoh arena , the club has said .
germany 's euro 2016 campaign ended with a spectacular goalless draw against bayer leverkusen in germany .
one of the world 's best - known paintings has been unveiled at a north wales exhibition .
liverpool city council leader paul anderson has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that a council tax could be introduced .
niger has filed legal action against the international energy agency -lrb- rhi -rrb- .
rb leipzig extended their lead at the top of the bundesliga to five points with victory over rb leipzig .
roger federer said he was ` ` proud '' to beat france 's kei nishikori 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 -lrb- 7 - 6 -rrb- 6 - 4 to win his first atp title .
britain 's chris froome will return to the tour de france next month , according to team sky .
` ` it 's not easy to forget , '' says michael gove , a group of mps from westminster who have been on the front page .
india 's national cricket team has been fined $ 1,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3,000 -rrb- by india 's tamil nadu state .
bolivia 's president evo morales has ordered the country 's energy company to suspend gas operations .
scotrail has accused the rmt union of being ` ` scrutinised '' .
a new art festival is to be held in durham for the first time in more than 20 years .
a man has been charged with the murder of two people in the us state of illinois , police say .
walsall have re - signed walsall midfielder liam roberts on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
us president donald trump has vetoed a ban on religious minorities , including religious beliefs and religious beliefs .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is ` ` saddened '' over allegations of abuse against soldiers .
a swansea man has been jailed for six years for his ` ` horrendous '' deportation .
the scottish government is failing to provide advice on food banks , according to a report from the bank of scotland .
great britain 's women 's 4x400 m relay team won gold in the women 's 4x100 m springboard event on sunday .
a man who conned people out of # 1,000 from the scottish cup has been given a community payback order .
ross county came from behind to beat ross county and reach the semi - finals of the scottish cup .
romelu lukaku scored a hat - trick as italy came from behind to beat italy and reach the europa league quarter - finals .
manchester united 's martin mcguinness has announced he will retire from playing for the rest of the season .
the snp has retained control of highland council after the election of the party 's new leader .
the government is to set up a meeting with the government to discuss the future of its care homes .
ukip leader nathan gill has told the bbc he is ` ` not sure '' if he does not win the general election .
macclesfield moved up to second in the national league with victory over macclesfield at macclesfield .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says angela merkel 's new year celebrations .
the number of beds at a powys hospital has fallen by more than a third in the past year .
five new homes are to be built in rhondda cynon taff as part of a # 3 m investment .
carlisle united 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow after a goalless draw at cambridge .
northampton saints prop josh brookes has been banned for two weeks for biting northampton prop prop rob brookes .
` ` if you 're going to work , '' says former us vice - president muammar gaddafi .
a pembrokeshire victorian chapel is to open to the public for the first time in more than 30 years .
a mother and daughter have been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle dogs into the uk .
` ` it 's a lot of time '' , and it 's been a bit of outrage .
police in japan say they have shot a man who escaped from a lake in the city of okinawa .
scientists say they have found a new way to predict how the weather can be used in the hills .
a cash machine was stolen from a bank in a ` ` smash - and - run '' raid .
a dundee pensioner has been jailed for four years for tax fraud and money laundering offences against his wife .
jordan is one of the world 's most important countries in the middle east and the western hemisphere .
a robot called ` ` robot '' has been designed by scientists at cambridge university , in switzerland .
police in carmarthenshire say they are ` ` disappointed '' that they can not afford to pay for rent .
recycling bins in flintshire are to be given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
at least 20 people have died in a car crash in texas , officials say , in the us state of texas say .
the democratic republic of congo came from behind to beat burkina faso 2 - 0 and reach the quarter - finals of the 2017 africa cup of nations .
chris froome became the first briton to win the tour de france as belgium 's chris froome retained the overall lead .
a jury in the us state of texas has ordered the arrest of a man accused of killing his girlfriend .
millwall kept their league one play - off hopes alive with a hard - fought victory over swindon .
a man has been charged with drink - driving after a woman was hit by a car in surrey .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since the end of the year .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` not sure '' the party is doing it .
there 's a lot of talk about the future of the solheim cup , but there 's no doubt that this week 's solheim cup is n't going to be .
child sexual exploitation in rotherham has been rated as ` ` inadequate '' by the police watchdog , a report has found .
the royal college of midwives -lrb- rcs -rrb- has paid a pay rise in the number of strikes in england and wales .
a group of scientists say they have developed a ` ` smart '' way to stem stem cells .
a man who said he was ` ` bullied '' to buy a home in his home has been criticised by a watchdog .
a girl has written a letter to the mother of a girl who said she was robbed by her mother .
a # 1.5 m revamped building in carmarthenshire has been put up for sale .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the number of child sexual exploitation in africa .
a group of muslim muslims have said they are ` ` appalled '' by the recent attacks in paris .
there 's a lot of talk about the future of the conservatives , but what do you know ?
the uk 's vote to leave the european union fell sharply in june , according to a closely watched survey .
the number of hospital beds in england and wales is expected to be cancelled because of a shortage of beds .
kilmarnock manager lee clark believes the club will be ` ` the best manager '' in the job .
plans for a statue of a royal navy warship in portsmouth have been approved by the ministry of defence .
belfast boxer paddy barnes won the ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over kiliman pienaar .
two of england 's largest academy schools have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted .
a company director has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was crushed in a building .
china is one of the most important universities in the world , but it 's not often known as the ` ` spiritual home '' .
league one side afc wimbledon have signed striker lee harris on a two - year deal .   's loan deal .
the us has pledged to help the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in syria , us officials say .
wales manager chris coleman says his side 's 2 - 1 euro 2016 win over ukraine was ` ` embarrassing '' .
facebook has filed for bankruptcy in the us after it reported a loss of $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- .
ofsted has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors for the first time in three years .
a chinese man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for the first time in more than 20 years .
britain 's ibf super - middleweight champion anthony froch says he wants to become a world champion .
northern ireland 's men 's 4x400 m relay team won bronze at the european indoor championships .
as manchester prepares for its first night in more than a decade , the city 's streets are celebrating its 50th anniversary .
the us says it has carried out a series of chemical weapons against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
west bromwich albion have re - signed former manchester united defender kevin keen on a two - year deal .
juventus moved up to second in serie a with a win over inter milan at the kcom stadium .
tiger woods has announced he will retire from golf at the end of the us pga championship at hazeltine .
a paralysed man who fell into a swimming pool has won a high court battle over his wheelchair .
theresa may has said it will not be able to stop police officers serving in england and wales as part of efforts to tackle violence .
bristol city striker tammy abraham will miss the start of the season after suffering a hamstring injury .
the wife of a british - iranian woman who was jailed in iran for nearly two years has appeared in court .
wladimir klitschko beat wladimir klitschko to win the wba heavyweight title in manchester .
a man who drowned after getting into difficulty in the sea off anglesey had to be rescued by lifeboat crews .
widnes reached the challenge cup quarter - finals with a comfortable win over widnes .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car on the a9 in powys .
the number of gp surgeries in england has risen by more than a year , the labour party has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a ` ` vicious attack '' .
farmers in wales are being warned about the impact of the uk 's milk industry is on track .
the family of a tourist missing in peru say they are ` ` desperate '' to return home .
the family of a pakistani woman murdered in pakistan are to stand trial in connection with the murder of her husband .
a group of people have apologised after a baby 's ashes were removed from a crematorium .
an arts venue in georgia is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
a lifeboat crew had to be rescued after getting into difficulty on the sea off the county tyrone coast .
red bull 's max verstappen won the australian grand prix for the second time this season .
taiwan 's prime minister has been awarded the freedom of the country for the first time in a decade .
the number of assaults on prison staff in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
a man has been taken to hospital after being seriously injured in a ` ` serious condition '' in hospital .
england 's women 's team will not be able to compete at next year 's olympic games , says assistant coach mark powell .
a company boss who stole more than # 1 m from his employer 's computers has been jailed .
an indian court has ordered an indian museum to pay $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- to the owner of a hindu temple .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has been accused of failing to properly investigate claims of anti - doping -lrb- wada -rrb- .
prime minister theresa may said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to the paris attacks .
israel 's former prime minister ehud olmert has been jailed for five years for corruption .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old girl who was found dead at bristol 's heathrow airport has heard how his body was found .
belgian police say they have foiled a series of terror attacks against so - called islamic state .
bristol boss mark borthwick has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season .
an inquest into the death of a young musician at a cave in west sussex has heard how he died .
a team of astronomers has discovered the size of one of the world 's most powerful solar panels .
plans to introduce a 20-mile cycle lane in cardiff have been approved by the city council .
a ferry has crashed into a pier in the isle of man after being hit by a lorry .
david cameron has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will be able to resettle child refugees from syria .
when a toddler fell into his parents ' home in japan , he did n't think his parents had to leave their parents .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the ira bomb attack in county tyrone .
ap mccoy said he was ` ` proud '' to be crowned jockey of the year after winning the melbourne cup .
a man has been convicted of the manslaughter of two syrian refugees on the greek island of kos .
rory mcilroy says he is ` ` proud '' of his career after winning the pga championship at wentworth .
brendan rodgers has been appointed celtic 's new manager on a three - year deal .   's day
a man whose body was found in a car in birmingham is believed to have been linked to his death , police have said .
jeremy corbyn has called for a review of the grenfell tower inquiry into the grenfell fire .
more than 1,000 people in england and wales have been detained by police in the past year , a report has found .
the family of a two - year - old boy who died after being hit by a car in stoke - on - trent have paid tribute to him .
mk dons have become the first club in the english football league to be named manager of the month .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , official figures show .
britain 's andy murray reached the second round of the monte carlo masters with victory over croatia 's jo - wilfried tsonga .
glamorgan have made their first win of the one - day cup with a five - wicket win over glamorgan .
kumar sangakkara became the first player to score a test century as india beat south africa by eight wickets in mumbai .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of a roman cemetery in the west of england for the first time .
laura robson became the first woman to win a career grand slam when she pulled out of the us open .
nigel farage says he was ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by the british cycling federation -lrb- ttp -rrb- .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to lose the world 's bottom .
social media users in south - east england have been told they must pay tribute to their victims .
a murder investigation is under way after a man was found dead at his home in bedfordshire .   's
a 13-year - old boy has died after he was hit by a car in central london .
a care home in cornwall has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it was ` ` unsafe '' .
a white cat has been shot dead in zimbabwe after being shot by a group of tourists , scientists say .
the number of illegal drugs seized in colombia last year has risen to a record level , according to a new report .
the owner of a tortoise which went missing has said it is ` ` very difficult '' to find it .
premier league leaders blackburn were held to a goalless draw by blackburn in the fa cup third round .
a norovirus outbreak at a powys hospital has been closed to new admissions due to norovirus .
the ulster football association -lrb- oo -rrb- has suspended the all - ireland football association for its investigation into racist abuse .
a group of mps have called for a review into the use of a royal navy ship to be removed .
thousands of people have been left without power after snow fell on to the m6 in west yorkshire .
adam lallana scored a hat - trick as west ham came from behind to beat 10-man cheltenham in the efl cup .
west ham have completed the signing of striker oumar zabali from turkish club fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in glasgow city centre .
scientists say they have developed a new method of using dna from the body 's cells to monitor human cells .
a railway line in surrey will be closed for more than two weeks after a landslip caused a landslip .
gary neville has left his role as valencia 's new manager after the sacking of gary neville .
a british woman who was jailed in colombia for drug smuggling has been sentenced to five years in prison .
` ` if you 're a woman , '' says sir terry terry pratchett .
how do you think you 're going to think you ' ve been talking about what you 're doing ?
cuba 's former ryder cup captain , jose fernandez , has died at the age of 72 . '
a solar farm in denbighshire is set to be built on the site of a wind farm .
turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan has sacked the government of the military .
portsmouth came from behind to beat hartlepool and move into the league two play - off places .
scotland 's digital business is the best way in the uk , according to a report from the scottish government .
hundreds of public sector workers are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay .
it 's been a busy week for the oscars , but there 's no doubt for the new movie .
the author of a child sex abuse inquiry has told the bbc he is ` ` shocked '' by the historical abuse inquiry .
johanna konta says she is ` ` shocked '' and ` ` happy '' that she 's going to be crowned wimbledon champion .
the european commission has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that facebook users can be able to access privacy information .
two bodies have been found at a block of flats in glasgow after the deaths of two women , police have said .
the uk economy grew faster than expected in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
sports direct boss mike ashley has written to mps asking him to leave the firm at a meeting of mps .
a rare dinosaur valued at # 20,000 has sold at auction for # 1,000 .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in londonderry to mark the centenary of the troubles .
scotland 's russell knox says he is ` ` excited '' about playing at this year 's masters .
the european union and european union -lrb- eu -rrb- are in talks about the migrant crisis in syria .
work on the m8 in north lanarkshire is to start on monday as part of a # 3 m upgrade of the m4 relief road .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand for the party 's leadership if he wins the contest .
nasa 's new horizons probe has found a new picture of the dwarf planet 's dwarf planet .
police in italy say they have foiled a plot to smuggle cocaine into the us and the us .
a tv advert for a woman 's face - to - face advert is being blamed on social media .
a terminally ill man who was diagnosed with drink - driving has been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list .
swansea city moved top of the premier league table with a comfortable win over swansea city at the kcom stadium .
manchester city council has approved plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the city .
australia produced a sensational comeback to beat new zealand and set up a world cup semi - final .
a woman who died in a car crash in sheffield on friday has been named by police as 19-year - old woman .
more than 1,000 people are missing out on the eu referendum , according to a survey .
a new series of women 's tv shows is to be made by the bbc , it has been announced .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his father - of - two .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the tour de france with victory in a sprint finish .
germany 's prime minister has said the turkish government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to turkey 's new constitution .
an ex - police officer who was jailed for two years has said he will not appeal against his sentence .
anthony joshua says he is ` ` ready '' to defend his ibf heavyweight title at manchester 's o2 arena .
the irish parliament has voted in favour of abortion in the republic of ireland -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a wedding in the turkish city of garissa .
scotland 's economy grew at a slower pace than the rest of the uk , according to a report .
wladimir klitschko will defend his ibf heavyweight title against wladimir klitschko at london 's o2 arena .
the world 's largest carbon plant is to be built in the gulf of qatar , scientists say .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in final practice at the spanish grand prix .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have sold for # 1,000 at auction for the first time .
wales has the highest level of internet access in the uk , according to a report by the welsh government .
work has begun on a new # 2.5 m road between cardiff and cardiff to ease congestion .
a heritage lottery grant could be set up to save a grade ii * -lrb- sni -rrb- colliery in leicestershire .
roger federer says he is ` ` devastated '' after losing 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 to stan wawrinka in the australian open final .
the remains of a man who fought in the us have been identified as the first person to be buried in the uk .
it 's been a week since the bbc 's online news website takes place in the amazon region .
scotland 's deputy first minister has said he will be ` ` in the world '' if he wins the general election .
the owner of dartmoor has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its owners can not be sold .
the conflict between israel and the gaza strip has led to the loss of more than 50,000 people killed in the conflict .
it 's been a social media campaign in northern ireland for a young boy with a rare form of skin cancer .
police are warning people to be vigilant after a batch of drugs were found in a suspected drug .
plans to build a new forest in nottinghamshire have been approved by the county council for the first time .
a woman accused of raping a woman in edinburgh has told a court she felt ` ` like a man '' .
the value of more than # 1.3 bn has been raised by the united nations , according to a report by the un .
fifa president sepp blatter is expected to announce his bid to become the next fifa president .
league one side southend united have signed former southend united striker chris hall on a two - year deal .
britain 's lizzy yarnold finished fourth in the women 's race at the sochi winter olympics .
members of colombia 's largest rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government , the government says .
the uk government 's manifesto for brexit has been criticised by a group of mps and peers .
a mental health trust has admitted breaching health and safety rules after a patient was found dead at a hospital .
refuse collectors are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over pay , the council has said .
manchester united have confirmed that midfielder ryan shaw will join italian side bastian schweinsteiger .
when george osborne was elected as the new chancellor of the exchequer , he made his first speech in office .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has apologised for saying he was ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the party 's leader in the house of commons .
retail sales in northern ireland fell by 0.5 % in june , according to a closely watched survey .
a ukip councillor has been suspended from the party after he was suspended by the party for a second time .
theresa may has said she is ` ` shocked and disappointed '' by the prime minister 's response to the grenfell tower fire .
a man was stabbed to death in a ` ` cowardly attack '' , police have said .
work is expected to start on a # 3.5 m museum in hull to raise money for the city 's museum .
the us national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- has warned people not to travel to the san francisco 49ers after the paris attacks .
former chelsea captain john terry says he wants to stay at stamford bridge until the end of the season .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in west sussex .
leyton orient moved off the bottom of the league two table with a comfortable win over luton town .
protests have been held in baltimore over the death of a black man who died during the baltimore derby match .
a serving prison officer has been charged with attempting to smuggle drugs into the uk , a court has heard .
a lorry driver who killed a woman in a crash in powys has been given a suspended sentence .
the scottish government has announced a # 3.5 m deal to improve the water quality of scottish councils .
john polans says he is ` ` excited '' about playing in the ice hockey league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
britain 's jodie stimpson has won the world triathlon series event in iceland .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a ` ` smart '' image of alice in denbighshire .
the world 's biggest names are all about to be announced on friday , but there 's no new names in the city .
a 92-year - old man who was forced to leave his home in the iraqi city of scilly has spoken of his shock at the moment he saved his life .
the archbishop of canterbury has called on the church of england to take part in the easter easter rising .
california 's wildlife watchdog has ordered a ban on whales that are stranded at seaworld in california .
russian cyclist geraint henao has pulled out of the giro d'italia after failing a doping test .
rangers midfielder joey barton has been suspended by rangers after being found guilty of breaching football association rules .
a 24-hour rail line between wrexham and chester is facing ` ` significant disruption '' , the rail operator has said .
wales under-20s secured a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons in the pro12 .
portugal 's prime minister manuel valls 's decision to leave the country was a ` ` disaster '' for the country 's housing crisis .
an investigation is under way after a football match between coventry city and coventry city was abandoned on saturday .
the wimbledon men 's singles matches will be played at the aegon championships in london on friday .
plans for a new welsh - medium secondary school in ceredigion have been put on hold .
a 16-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in glasgow .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first commercial space telescope .
it 's been a year since the european parliament voted to leave the european union , and it 's not easy .
when a judge in the us , the lawyer and lawyer of the late us actress luiz inacio gardashian , the woman who was convicted of her marriage in the 1970s and 80s , she was told that she would not be married .
one of the world 's biggest banks has been sentenced to six years in prison for manipulating the us market .
scientists say they have found a new way to save the lives of patients who have saved their lives .
hartlepool united have sacked manager garry monk following saturday 's 2 - 0 defeat by brentford .
two irish boxing players have been banned from competing at rio 2016 after being found guilty of doping offences .
plans to demolish bournemouth 's tallest hotel have been given the go - ahead by the council .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the beginning of a coup .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of his wife in a glasgow school where he worked .
rescuers in colombia say they are searching for survivors of a landslide that killed at least 20 people .
a large fire has broken out at an industrial estate in essex , causing hundreds of homes to be evacuated .
labour 's jeremy corbyn has appointed jeremy corbyn as the new shadow welsh secretary .
mae ' r heddlu yng nghymru wedi dweud bod yn cael eu bod wedi cael ei ddarganfod yng nghaerdydd .
hundreds of people have attended a vigil to remember a dog who died in a fire at a church in oldham .
us president donald trump has denied claims that russian intelligence agencies had access to the country 's intelligence agency .
a denbighshire man has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to his ` ` debilitating '' condition .
south sudan has become the first country in the world to flee the country 's war with serbia .
online retailer amazon has announced it is buying the us online retailer for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- .
hungary 's prime minister viktor orban has said he wants to close the country 's education system .
an archaeological dig in dumfries and galloway has been described as ` ` the most important part of the town '' .
a company has been fined # 2,000 after a worker died when he fell from a roof .
a ` ` hoard of sex birds '' have been found at a nature reserve in norfolk .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says his side 's pro12 play - off hopes will be a ` ` huge blow '' for the season .
wikileaks is being targeted by hackers , according to reports from the mexican security agency .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says sir winston churchill , as he prepares to visit iran for the first time .
a new species of dinosaur has been discovered in the uk for the first time in nearly 50 years .
this year 's london 2012 olympic games will be held in london on saturday night , 17 march .
an egyptian opera has apologised for the killing of a palestinian passenger on a plane in egypt .
league one side oldham athletic have sacked manager steve smith after two games in charge of the league one club .
` ` the world 's most famous computer , '' says the us science institute of technology .
mclaren 's fernando alonso says he is ` ` confident '' he can win the malaysian grand prix .
this year 's glastonbury festival gets under way in south wales , with the opening of a new festival .
the snp has accused the snp of being ` ` devastated '' by the general election result .
mexican singer tizzard has been discharged from hospital after breaking his leg in a drone during a flight .
the price of diesel has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to tesco .
the mayor of london has called for a review of the garden bridge project to be scrapped because of a lack of money .
at least 20 crocodiles have been killed in floods in south - east africa , officials say .
gary davies has been appointed nottingham forest 's new manager on a two - year deal after his departure .
hundreds of people have attended a rally in carmarthenshire to protest against cuts to the welsh language .
morecambe moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with victory over morecambe .
angelina jolie has said she is ` ` worried '' about breastfeeding in women who have been diagnosed with breast cancer .
the scottish government has submitted plans for a # 2.5 m project to build a section of the crematorium in caithness .
a conservative mp has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that plans to build a new stadium in cornwall have been rejected .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday as the us central bank continued to raise interest rates .
the chief inspector of schools in birmingham has been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by ofsted .
a collection of paintings by a welsh artist has gone on public display at a north wales auction for the first time .
great britain won the women 's 4x400 m relay title at the world championships in london .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in the republic of ireland to protest against water prices .
napoli striker mauricio pellegrini has been banned for two games after being found guilty of improper conduct .
league one side blackpool have signed goalkeeper david artell on a two - year deal following his release by blackpool .
the european union has launched a legal challenge to the uk 's membership of the eu , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
national league side peterborough united have signed peterborough united striker lloyd lloyd webber on a two - year deal .
essex had to settle for a draw on day two of their division two match at chelmsford .
an 18-year - old man who died after being hit by a car in south london has been named by police .
work has begun on a new # 2.5 m building at swansea university 's tallest building .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not be allowed to marry his party .
millwall came from behind to beat millwall and move into the league one play - off places .
an australian police officer has apologised after he posted a picture of him on facebook that he had been missing .
councils in england and wales are being urged to do more to help save the lives of thousands of elderly people .
a carer has been awarded # 50,000 in damages for her disabled daughter 's disabled daughter .
lionel messi and luis suarez both scored twice as barcelona came from behind to beat deportivo la coruna .
two brothers from belfast have agreed to pay their loans to the bank of ireland in a bid to save money .
former home secretary michael gove has said he will not stand for the uk to leave the european union .
a us judge has ordered a judge to pay $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 20,000 -rrb- to the family of a black woman who died after being married .
jellyfish have been spotted off the north wales coast , prompting a warning of the dangers of jellyfish .
thousands of people have marched through ipswich to mark the 950th anniversary of the battle of hastings airport .
a giant sinkhole has become the first person to complete the world 's tallest ` ` garden '' .
the former boss of the costa concordia ship that capsized in italy has been found guilty of manslaughter .
two burglars who stole jewellery worth more than # 20,000 have been reunited with their families .
a swansea university has been accused of ` ` misleading '' the welsh government over its plans for a # 1bn investment .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men in north lanarkshire .
a us healthcare company has announced it is offering free prescriptions for the first time in three years .
italian writer and writer fo fo foyo has died at the age of 82 after a short illness .
a secondary school in greater manchester is to close after it was closed due to a lack of staff .
afghan president ashraf ghani has said it carried out an attack on a bus in kabul that killed more than 100 people .
plans to build a hydro - electric scheme in a denbighshire town have been refused by councillors .
a man has been jailed for five years for killing a cat in a ` ` vicious '' attack .
fox news has apologised for ` ` grossly offensive behaviour '' on the tv show .
newcastle united came from behind to beat birmingham and reach the fa cup quarter - finals for the first time this season .
the number of people using credit card cards in the uk has risen by more than 20 % , according to the consumer body .
a mother accused of murdering her two - year - old daughter has told a court she was ` ` devastated '' by her death .
the president of the united states has called for the release of a prominent israeli activist who was jailed for spying .
glamorgan have been given the chance to play their county champions trophy semi - final at lord 's .
the government has launched a new law aimed at reducing the number of internet users who use mobile phones .
a gynaecologist has been suspended from the ambulance service over an ` ` offensive '' twitter account .
a village pub has been sold for # 1.5 m -lrb- $ 1.5 m -rrb- for sale .
the bodies of a woman who drowned in a lake in the czech republic have been found by police .
tributes have been paid to a 16-year - old boy who died after suffering a heart attack in edinburgh .
this year 's national national park -lrb- nra -rrb- awards have been announced .
one of the uk 's biggest food suppliers has told newsround they are struggling to cope with the loss of their lives .
former conservative party leader lord heseltine says he was ` ` bullied '' and ` ` bullied and bullied '' by the party .
lenovo has said it is investigating a ` ` serious '' cyber - attack on its products .
rochdale have re - signed stoke city midfielder george hill on loan until the end of the season .
american footballer chaz chaufe has become the first woman to be diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
the uk 's high court has ruled that the supreme court has a ` ` landmark ruling '' over brexit .
the government is to introduce a minimum wage for young people living in the uk in the next year .
bradford moved into the league one play - off places with victory at oldham , who remain bottom of the table .
the number of people reported to police in england and wales in the last five years has risen by more than 1,000 , police have said .
the snp has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the uk government 's plans to introduce new legislation .
two men had to be rescued after getting into difficulty in the cairngorms on ben nevis .
sky has rejected a bid to buy sky 's sky business for sky overturning its share price .
a fire has broken out at a cinema in south - east london after a fire broke out .
tributes have been paid to the irish broadcaster and broadcaster , who has died at the age of 71 .
the democratic republic of congo 's presidential election has suffered a blow after a landslide in the presidential election .
prime minister david cameron has said the uk is ` ` very confident '' its efforts to tackle islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
samsung electronics has won the us women 's cup final for the first time in more than 20 years .
tens of thousands of people have attended a rally in moscow in the capital , moscow , on sunday .
a court in saudi arabia has sentenced two prominent shia clerics to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government .
a # 1.5 m scheme to run a cycle hire scheme in oxfordshire has been launched by councillors .
an nhs trust has been criticised for failing to cope with a shortage of staffing patients and staff .
a grade ii - listed victorian pier in gwynedd could be closed to allow repairs to be carried out .
more than 1,000 homes have been rescued from a bridge in west yorkshire after heavy rain .
the head of the welsh government has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to introduce a new system for children in wales .
an independent review into the rugby football union 's behaviour of children has called for a review of the sport 's behaviour .
the national gallery of scotland -lrb- sfa -rrb- has opened its doors for the first time .
a group of teenage girls from new york have taken part in a competition to compete in the world .
the church of england 's first women 's church has opened its doors for the first time .
two polish schoolgirls have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from a nazi concentration camp in poland .
petra kvitova reached the quarter - finals of the aegon open with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 6 -lrb-4 -rrb- 6- 6- 6- 7 - 4 6 - 3 6 - 4 -lrb-4 -lrb-4 -lrb-4 -rrb-4 -lrb-4 -rrb-
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to rise .
the new saints were held to a goalless draw by hibernian in the first round of the welsh premier league season .
the final day of the county championship season begins on friday , but it 's not easy to see if you 're going to beat warwickshire .
it 's been a busy day for the uk 's general election , but it 's not just a few weeks to go .
ukip leader nathan gill has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that ukip 's leader in the welsh assembly is ` ` not interested '' .
schools in wales have been told they are ` ` not doing enough '' by the education watchdog .
us carmaker volkswagen has reported a rise in profits for the first time in more than three years .
a roman coin found in norfolk has been declared treasure by an expert at the city 's castle .
england women 's rugby league chief executive neil williams says she is ` ` disappointed '' by the rugby football league .
us singer - songwriter carr carr carrington has died at the age of 89 , her family has confirmed .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has accused the european commission of tax evasion and tax evasion .
a group of schools in east dunbartonshire have said they are ` ` disgusted '' by the government .
two people have been found dead in a house fire in south lanarkshire , police have said .
a new super bowl has been launched in the australian city of sao paulo -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is ` ` proud '' of her party 's leadership .
a student has lost a bid to overturn a ban on university halls of residence after a row over a student 's brain tumour .
a paedophile has been ordered to pay # 20,000 in damages after a judge ruled he sexually abused his victim .
a radio station in nottingham has apologised after a series of adverts were removed .
former us president - elect donald trump has been elected as the new president of the white house .
a lorry driver who caused the death of a man by careless driving has been given a suspended sentence .
a british soldier has been awarded the victoria cross -lrb- vc -rrb- to the russian embassy in the arctic .
australia 's national park -lrb- nrs -rrb- has launched a competition to design the nation 's first mountain .
double olympic champion usain bolt says he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be able to return to the athletics world championships .
a large sinkhole has opened up on the isle of man after it got stuck in the sky .
league two side blackpool have signed midfielder liam bowery on a two - year deal following his release by blackpool .
bournemouth have appointed eddie howe as their new manager on a two - year deal .   's eve celebrations .
wales manager warren gatland says he is ` ` surprised '' by the welsh rugby union -lrb- euro -rrb- .
euro 2016 fans have been warned about violence and violence at euro 2016 after clashes between england and england .
belfast city council is planning to invest more than # 1bn in the property market , according to a report .
middlesbrough moved up to second in the championship with a hard - fought victory over ipswich at st james ' park .
scotland 's top court has approved a patent system which will allow companies to register their own hands .
japanese car manufacturer toyota is to launch a new drone in the japanese capital , japan .   's capital .
us defence secretary sean spicer has been sentenced to life in prison in north korea , us officials say .
former wales scrum - half gareth davies says he is ` ` happy '' to sign a new contract .
northern ireland 's ryan birdman missed out on a share of the lead at the european tour championship after a rain - affected second round .
oscar - nominated film spectre is to return to the uk for the first time this year .
ulster 's record - equalling pro12 game against argentina has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
a # 3.5 m project to monitor sea defences in wales has been given the go - ahead .
scotland flanker james hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby at the end of the six nations .
spain 's friendly with spain is the best way in the world , according to a new study .
a football fan has been found not guilty of assaulting an irish football fan during a premier league match .
a three - year - old boy who was stabbed to death in a ` ` targeted attack '' has died .
teachers in england are failing to pay more than a third of their teachers , according to a report .
harlequins ended a run of three straight defeats with a hard - fought victory over halifax .
women with breast cancer could be able to get weight loss if they fail to cut weight , a study suggests .
the premier league has agreed to pay tribute to fans who have been given the go - ahead .
a motorcyclist has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash in leicester .
scientists in japan have developed a robot that can reduce the risk of carbon dioxide -lrb- ai -rrb- .
students at cardiff university are being urged to carry out a review of the behaviour of their students , a report has found .
` ` we ' ve got a bit of a real life , '' says prof stephen hawking .
you ' ve been telling newsround about the country 's ` ` super - prison '' .
english football league clubs should be banned from selling tickets for the first time , according to the bbc .
police in turkey say they have found more than $ 1 m -lrb- # 6 m -rrb- worth of migrants trying to smuggle migrants into turkey .
indian cricketer sachin tendulkar has spoken of the moment she was knocked out of the indian open .
former australian prime minister tony abbott has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his resignation as prime minister .
lionel messi says lionel messi 's world cup win over argentina is a ` ` huge achievement '' .
former republic of ireland striker john o'neill says he is ` ` happy '' to score a goal in the euro 2016 qualifiers .
former argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner has lost his bid to become the next president of the country .
south africa beat south africa by eight wickets in the one - day cup at edgbaston .
the inquiry into the death of a six - year - old boy who was crushed to death at a glasgow cemetery has been told it was ` ` not acceptable '' .
one of the uk 's best - known tv shows has been criticised for not doing it .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in the iraqi city of falluja , the military says .
a couple from kent have signed a petition to give birth to a ` ` little girl '' .
a man has been jailed for life after being jailed for his role in the robbery of his father .
inverness caledonian thistle moved up to second in the scottish premiership with a comfortable victory over hamilton academical .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` confident '' the uk will not be able to travel to syria .
a glasgow - based engineering firm is to invest # 3.5 m in a bid to boost its operations .
a court in michigan has sentenced a man to life in prison for shooting dead a student in the city .
us president barack obama has praised the life of jamaica 's best - known musician , who was killed in the usa .
the father of a british backpacker who died in vietnam has told the bbc he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
essex had to settle for a draw on day two of their division two match against sussex at hove .
the body of a man whose body was found at a house in bedfordshire has been identified as suspicious .
the saudi prince of wales has urged the government to hold talks with the country 's supreme leader .
a teacher has been banned from teaching for two years for sending indecent images of two girls .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union -lrb- wto -rrb- has been announced by the uk government .
jk rowling has topped the uk box office for the first time in more than a decade .
theresa may has accused theresa may of ` ` unresponsive '' over claims that she is not involved in brexit negotiations .
more than 1,000 people have been reported to police in england and wales over the past five years , the nspcc has said .
a dublin man has appeared in court accused of trying to travel to dublin to join the easter rising .
a pakistani woman has been arrested in pakistan on suspicion of fraud and money laundering , the bbc has learned .
hibernian have signed former hibernian and hibernian midfielder raith rovers striker arnodja .
a man has been jailed for two - and - a - half years for throwing a muslim man into a mosque .
warwickshire have appointed ian bell as their new head coach on a short - term basis for the first time .
scotrail has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that scotrail services are to be cut .
microsoft founder gates gates has paid $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- to fund his personal wealth .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for scotland to remain in the european union after brexit .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in edinburgh city centre .
a gp who was left with a rare form of tooth decay has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the health secretary .
a welsh liberal democrat mp has apologised for using the welsh government 's ` ` real name '' .
scotland 's education secretary has accused the scottish conservatives of being ` ` overcrowded '' .
taylor swift has become the first woman to live in the united states , but it is n't easy to find out why she was born .
it 's a long time for swansea 's new canal , but it 's not easy to find it .
sheffield wednesday striker joe marouane says he is ` ` shocked '' by the club 's decision to leave the club .
vw 's vw emissions scandal has been hit by the emissions scandal , according to industry figures .
mclaren have confirmed they are interested in buying former formula 1 boss ronny deila for the next two years .
archaeologists say they have discovered the ancient ruins of the ancient egyptian city of palmyra , near birmingham .
this season 's fa cup is the most exciting season in the history of the season , but it 's been a good season .
a new rail link between carlisle and cumbria is to be considered by the uk government , according to a report .
the head of the independent police -lrb- ipo -rrb- has announced he will step down as part of an inquiry into alleged sex abuse .
a muslim school in birmingham has been banned from wearing headscarves , in a row over their heads .
nationwide has reported a fall in profits for the first half of the year , helped by a rise in mortgage lending .
` ` it 's not easy to forget , '' says david cameron , who 's the chocolate factory .
it 's the great british bake off competition , but it 's not the great great bake off !
a 24-hour tube strike in london has been called off after union members voted to strike .
glamorgan have recalled all - rounder ryan van der gugten for the rest of the season .
a former conservative mp has written to the prime minister asking for a parliamentary inquiry into the general election .
wolves came from behind to beat championship strugglers burton and move up to second in the championship table .
a police force has said it was ` ` extremely concerned '' about the dangers of bullfighting in devon .
gareth bale says wales will be ` ` on the edge '' of qualifying for euro 2016 .
workers at a newport steelworks have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the loss of hundreds of jobs .
australian police have arrested a man suspected of planning a terror attack on a mobile phone in sydney , australia .
one of scotland 's best - known artists has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a new version of the harry potter spin - off .
the falkirk canal has been installed in the scottish capital for the first time in more than 20 years .
a man who tried to smuggle cannabis into londonderry has been given a suspended prison sentence .
us republican front - runner donald trump has said he is ` ` not surprised '' by the us election result .
a mental health charity says it is ` ` not good enough '' for young people with mental health issues .
a teenager has pleaded guilty to a series of cyber - attacks that led to the attack on social media .
gloucester moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over cardiff blues .
the owners of a denbighshire hospital have won a legal battle to buy it from the site .
fracking should be allowed to operate in wales , the welsh government has said , despite criticism from the government .
more than half of southern rail 's trains are being paid by network rail over the past five years , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
rb leipzig extended their lead at the top of the bundesliga to five points with a comfortable win over struggling rb leipzig .
` ` i ' m a lot of things , '' says andrew runie , the scottish independence referendum campaigner .
as russia prepares for the first time in more than two years , the bbc 's geeta pandey looks at some of the world 's biggest banks .
chelsea moved up to third in the premier league with a comfortable win over porto at the kc stadium .
the government is considering introducing new laws to tackle the number of people living in the uk from the european union .
the home secretary amber rudd has been ordered to pay # 20,000 in damages to a nigerian businessman who was jailed for fraud .
a man accused of plotting to kill a police officer in australia has appeared in court charged with preparing terrorist acts .
manchester united 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs suffered a blow as they beat hull city .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has said the country 's credit rating is ` ` too expensive '' .
catalans dragons maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with victory over catalans dragons .
a shopkeeper was threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a shop in larne , county antrim .
leeds united came from behind to beat league two promotion hopefuls leeds united and reach the efl cup second round .
a statue has been found in the us state of ohio after a piece of water was found on a beach .
aung san suu kyi 's mother has told the bbc that her mother was raped and murdered by her mother .
former swansea city boss alan curtis has been appointed swansea city 's new manager on a three - year deal .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has lost a high court battle over his treatment of a teenage boy who died after suffering a cardiac arrest .
a man has been jailed after he failed to stop a police car in a bid to stop his car .
former first minister martin mcguinness is to attend a commemoration of the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the family of a teacher stabbed to death at a leeds school have said they will appeal against her conviction .
a royal marine charged with terrorism offences has appeared in court in londonderry charged with fraud and money laundering .
in the wake of the us senate 's victory in congress this week , there 's a lot of words .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a hydro - electric scheme to be built in snowdonia .
a new welsh assembly member has said he is ` ` not happy '' about the welsh assembly 's future .
the greek economy is still struggling with the rest of the country 's economy , according to a new report .
the director of one of the world 's best - known film studios has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the illegal trade .
plaid cymru has won the general election for the first time in more than a decade , with the conservatives gaining momentum .
kilmarnock have signed former hearts and scotland under-21 midfielder tom waters on a two - year deal .
wycombe wanderers have re - signed midfielder luke adams on loan until the end of the season .
a drug dealer has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was found with cocaine .
in cheshire , cheshire and cheshire could be the biggest city in the history of devolution in england .
brazil 's ex - president luiz inacio lula da silva has been accused of fraud and money laundering .
britain 's daniel sturridge reached the second round of the wbo super - middleweight title in sheffield .
tributes have been paid to a student killed in a fireworks display at a music venue in nottingham .
a us woman has been charged with drink - driving after she was found guilty of drink - driving .
great britain women 's hockey team have been named in the netherlands squad for the euro 2017 tournament .
middlesbrough head coach aitor karanka says his side can not afford to keep their premier league survival hopes .
aston villa have confirmed the signing of striker islam gugta from championship side reading for an undisclosed fee .
us president barack obama has said he will not be able to carry out a review of security at the white house .
one of the world 's best - known coffee firms is buying a coffee business in portugal .
a collection of photographs and photographs from liverpool to liverpool have gone on display at the city 's museum .
india completed a 2 - 0 series win over south africa in the second one - day international in colombo .
a judge in argentina has ordered a legal challenge against the uk 's oil and gas industry to protect the falkland islands .
uruguay 's former prime minister , mu mubarak , has announced plans to sell cannabis plants and cannabis plants to the public .
two russian military personnel have been killed in an attack on a hospital in syria , the military says .
a campaign to raise money for a terminally ill woman who was diagnosed with terminal cancer has been launched .
canadian prime minister stephen harper has warned that the housing market will be lower than the rest of the uk .
a group of elephant elephants have been killed by an elephant at a zoo in south africa , officials say .
the indian prime minister narendra modi has declared a state of emergency in the northern state of chhattisgarh .
a mother accused of sexually assaulting her baby has told a court she felt ` ` like a child '' .
isle of wight council leader paul cowley has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to cancel a ferry service .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after he was attacked by a man in aberdeen .
lancashire have named eight uncapped players in their squad for the one - day series against south africa .
as donald trump prepares for his first speech in the united states , there 's a lot of talk about the us .
ireland flanker sean o'brien has been ruled out of saturday 's six nations match against leinster .
france 's far - right leader marine le pen has said she is ` ` confident '' that the french left the european union .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two teenage girls in a car crash .
` ` i do n't know what 's going to be a doctor , '' says sian davies .
pop star taylor swift has won a legal battle with apple over the use of a photograph of her song .
pregnant women should be able to eat weight loss , according to a new report from the royal college of nursing .
china 's prime minister narendra modi 's decision to leave the country 's ` ` sky sky '' has been described as a ` ` beast '' .
the uk government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the european commission has warned that the uk could lose its business .
a beach in the isle of man is to receive a # 3.5 m grant from the government .
a man has been arrested in australia for the first time in more than a decade after a series of high winds .
jose mourinho has agreed a deal to stay at aston villa until the end of the season .
a man who was knocked down by a car in county tyrone had to be rescued by police after being knocked down .
a british woman has survived an explosion on a volcano in italy , leaving at least eight people dead .
twitter has announced that it will allow more people to use social media to help them find their own .
the death of a patient at a hospital where a patient died is being investigated by a health watchdog .
a british soldier has gone on trial accused of plotting to kill a british army officer in iraq and iraq .
one of the world 's most famous armed forces has sold for # 20,000 at auction .
portsmouth have signed midfielder michael o'brien on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
north korea says it is ` ` appalled '' by north korea 's recent ballistic missile launch .
nigeria 's military says it has recaptured two schoolgirls who were abducted by boko haram militants in north - eastern nigeria .
a group of penguins have been caught up in antarctica for the first time in the uk to fly to antarctica .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in paisley .
the video game pokemon go has gone on show in san francisco , usa , to mark the 70th anniversary of the video games .
two men have been found guilty of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was seriously injured in a collision with a car in edinburgh .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has apologised after she was arrested in connection with an alleged blackmail plot .
the mother of missing toddler ben needham has appealed for help in the search for her son .
guinea - bissau have announced the signing of guinea - bissau 's under-23 coach claude leroy .
a children 's football club has been forced to cancel a stadium in exeter because of safety concerns .
a burst water main in cumbria has cost more than # 20,000 , according to a council .
the scottish greens have pledged to spend more than # 1bn on income tax , according to a think tank .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his side are capable of reaching the world cup quarter - finals .
people in wales are being warned about the dangers of alcohol and alcohol - related violence in the uk .
scientists are warning that a new species of fish could be at risk of developing a disease that can protect the sea .
` ` it is n't a good thing , '' says michael chorley , who has n't done it .
captain alastair cook says he is ` ` confident '' alastair cook will be fit for england 's tour of australia .
bbc radio 4 's analysis of the earth 's best - known glacier in the french alps has revealed that it is not the best of the year .
the wife of former england captain rio ferdinand has died at the age of 72 .   's eve .
mobile phone roaming charges will be introduced across europe , the european union has announced , in a bid to increase the number of roaming charges .
the city of derry city centre has said it is ` ` shocked '' that some of its employees were sold .
the government has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the government 's plan to sell royal bank of england .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says his side can not afford to avoid relegation from the premiership .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats has announced he will not stand down in the welsh assembly election .
captain sam warburton says wales are ` ` not good enough '' to beat england in the six nations .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in final practice at the russian grand prix .
scientists say they have found a new way to save the life of a man who has a stroke .
a hindu temple in the southern indian city of kerala has become the first woman to do so , writes the bbc .
a county armagh man has admitted stealing more than # 1 m from his employer 's bank account .
hibernian head coach neil lennon believes his side 's scottish cup quarter - final tie with hibernian is a ` ` huge opportunity '' .
thousands of people have protested outside a catholic church in north belfast to protest against the removal of a loyalist community .
airbus has said it will cut its profit forecast for the first time this year as it reported a fall in profits .
yahoo has charged two russian hackers with hacking into the country 's national security agency -lrb- fsb -rrb- .
nigeria 's former president muhammadu buhari has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering .
solar impulse , the solar impulse aeroplane , has been forced to fly from japan to the united states .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the support of a teacher at a school in belfast .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 1 win over dundee .
wales coach warren gatland says his side 's six nations win over france was a ` ` massive moment '' .
one of scotland 's leading arts organisations has withdrawn its sponsorship of the scottish arts council -lrb- sfr -rrb- .
oil has been detected in the north sea after a gas leak was detected in north sea , according to a report .
the european court of human rights has ruled that the uk 's biggest airline must pay compensation to passengers and crew .
more than 1,000 illegal cigarettes have been seized in a lincolnshire town for the first time .
one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical firms has announced plans to sell more than 100 new jobs .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in north ayrshire .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn williams says there is ` ` no deal '' for wales to stay in the region .
scientists are calling for a review into the use of chemical weapons to be carried out by the chemical weapons system .
wales women 's euro 2016 qualifier against sweden on friday will take place in cardiff on 5 june .
newport county have signed midfielder jack rigg on a two - year deal from league two side newport county .
jeremy corbyn 's attempt to become labour 's next leader is a huge blow for the party 's leadership .
partick thistle football club has been sacked after an investigation into alleged abuse of youngsters at the club .
a hospital trust has apologised after a letter sent letters to members of the public to patients .
the welsh government is ` ` not doing enough '' to address the attainment gap between pupils , a report has said .
former world champion scott mitchell says he will return to the professional darts corporation -lrb- pdc -rrb- next month .
sam smith 's latest album has been revealed by the producers of the james bond film spectre .
a ` ` hate crime '' is being investigated by councillors in edinburgh over an ` ` offensive '' mural .
it 's been a year since the university of aberdeen -lrb- rbs -rrb- opened its doors to the public .
some of the uk 's best - known tea chains are set to go on public display in london .
australia 's top tennis federation has been fined # 20,000 by the australian tennis federation -lrb- tiu -rrb- for breaching betting rules .
british snowboarder lindsey vonn has been named in the world triathlon series for the 2018 winter olympics .
the prime minister has called on the government to set up a strategy on tackling extremism .
essex are aiming to become the first county to win the county championship this season , according to former captain alastair cook .
an inquest into the deaths of two people at a nightclub in northampton has heard that the student died .
wakefield trinity wildcats have appointed steve smith as their new head coach on a two - year deal . '
a social media company has apologised after its social media advert was branded ` ` racist '' .
wales secured a place in the rugby world cup quarter - finals with a comfortable win over samoa in dublin .
a drone has crashed in cornwall , prompting a police investigation into a drone being flown to the uk .
the number of children in northern ireland with mental health problems has more than doubled in the last three years , according to a charity .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the bank of england -lrb- rbs -rrb- told the bbc that the uk voted to remain in the eu .
mansfield 's unbeaten start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by mansfield .
st johnstone manager tommy wright has told bbc scotland that he wants to stay at st johnstone until the end of the season .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a beach in cornwall .   's
crystal palace extended their lead at the top of the premier league to five points with victory over crystal palace .
castleford tigers hooker scott bower has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
the number of syrian refugees living in the uk has fallen by almost a third in the past year , a report has found .
the belfast giants suffered their first defeat of the elite league season as they beat manchester storm 3 - 2 on saturday night .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a bid for a rail link between carlisle and the borders railway is being considered .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he wants to be the next liberal democrat leader in the general election .
essex 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by essex .
scotland 's jamie jamieson is one shot off the lead after the second round of the scottish open .
the parents of ashya king have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the treatment of his baby , who was diagnosed with cancer .
a man has been jailed for two years for cannabis with a street value of more than # 20 m .
hillary clinton 's victory in the us presidential race was n't just a few weeks before the election .
austria 's governing socialist party has said he will not stand in next month 's presidential election .
a motorcyclist has died after a collision with a fishing boat on the isle of wight .
non - league eastleigh manager nathan blissett says his side 's fa cup quarter - final win at home to non - league eastleigh is a ` ` huge '' .
as the uk prepares to leave the european union this week , there 's a lot of questions about the migrant crisis in libya .
mansfield 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by york .
canada 's government is to set up an inquiry into the disappearance of indigenous women in the country .
tributes have been paid to singer whitney houston who died after suffering a stroke , an inquest has heard .
jose mourinho 's fa cup quarter - final win over manchester united was a ` ` disaster '' for his team , says manager jose mourinho .
northern ireland 's political parties have been reacting to the news that northern ireland is leaving the uk .
james trott 's unbeaten century helped somerset to a draw with warwickshire at edgbaston .
top gear presenter philip hammond has been released from hospital after being injured in a car crash in croatia .
cardiff blues fly - half dan biggar says he is ` ` confident '' cardiff blues can recover from a knee injury .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a cliff in snowdonia on anglesey .
the british poet philip larkin is to be honoured with the freedom of his home city of westminster abbey .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2017 quarter - finals were ended as they were beaten by belgium .
ronnie o'sullivan will not defend his world championship title against ronnie o'sullivan next month .
more than 1,000 military personnel have been deployed in surrey , the ministry of defence has said .
the husband of a british couple who died in iraq in 2004 has won a legal challenge against the uk government .
scientists in nepal say they are ` ` devastated '' by floods that have killed more than 100 people .
michael cleese has revealed he 's ` ` excited '' about the future of the uk 's longest - running sitcom .
a pub in powys has voted in favour of a bid to get it out of a pub .
american football star james phillips has been sentenced to life in prison for assaulting a female nfl player .
kimi o'donova has signed a new two - year contract with the mexican grand prix .
the bodies of five men who died in an explosion at a recycling plant in west africa have been recovered .
the fukushima nuclear reactor -lrb- fulf -rrb- has apologised for the safety of radioactive water caused by an explosion in japan .
one of the uk 's biggest property firms has sold for # 1.5 m in london .
a former volkswagen boss has been sentenced to eight years in prison for diesel emissions - related vehicles .
residents of a lincolnshire town are being urged to remove stonehenge from the ` ` jungle '' bridge .
a company has been fined # 3,000 after a worker died from carbon monoxide poisoning in east yorkshire .
badgers are to be offered free schools in england in a bid to save the lives of badgers .
maoist rebels in the eastern indian state of chhattisgarh are the subject of a series of letters from the government , writes the bbc .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited a church in norfolk for the first time since her birth .
bbc presenter jeremy vine has appeared in court accused of causing a ` ` dangerous '' scam .
northern ireland 's jonathan rea extended his lead at the world superbike championship to nine points after finishing second in the race .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have seized the ancient city of palmyra , the syrian government says .
a dundee man who tried to smuggle guns into the uk has been given a suspended prison sentence .
scientists have discovered the oldest discovery of the dinosaur in the history of the city of nottingham , which has lived in the world .
the chancellor has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that plans to cut the number of jobs in wales will be scrapped .
england fast bowler anya shrubsole has been ruled out of the women 's one - day series against india .
greig laidlaw will make his scotland debut in saturday 's six nations match against japan .
blackburn rovers have re - signed striker harry forrester on a two - year contract following his release by blackburn rovers .
a young boy was told to leave a children 's school because of a bomb threat , a report has found .
stoke city have re - signed defender ryan barker on a two - year deal after his release by southampton .
an mp has been accused of ` ` grossly failings '' after a series of public meetings .
an animal rights group has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the dangers of dangerous dogs that have been seized by police .
the uk 's inflation rate fell by 0.5 % in april , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a section of the a9 in aberdeenshire has been restored after a lorry crashed into the sea .
the father of a man who killed his mother has told a court he ` ` did n't care '' to protect him .
sir elton john has been named the uk 's richest man of the year for the first time .
dog walkers have been warned to be aware of the dangers of dog fouling in the scottish borders .
house prices in northern ireland rose by 0.5 % in july , according to the latest figures .
a report into the shoreham air crash will not be delayed until the shoreham airshow disaster .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's 2 - 1 win over crystal palace .
a large fire broke out at manchester united 's fa cup final at wembley stadium , police have said .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the global economy is ` ` not good enough '' .
residents of a denbighshire seaside town have been told they will not be affected by flooding .
a man accused of trying to join so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria has appeared in court .
two people have been charged after a woman was robbed at knifepoint during a robbery in greater manchester .
us vice - president donald trump has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' with china 's president xi jinping .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man died in a fire in fraserburgh .
a man was stabbed to death in a ` ` jealous rage '' , a court has heard .
europe 's climate watchdog has warned that climate change is likely to cause severe flooding in europe .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe 's decision to leave the country .
it is a time for a young player in the premier league , and it 's not easy to be .
australia captain michael warner has been given a two - match touchline ban by the england and wales cricket board .
plans for a multi - million pound cinema in glasgow have been submitted to the city council for the first time .
tunisia 's national assembly has approved a new constitution that will allow women to vote in next year 's presidential election .
tributes have been paid to former australian prime minister tony abbott , who has died at the age of 93 .
ospreys have signed fly - half sam hidalgo - clyne on a two - year deal .
` ` if you 're going to work , '' says a group of employers in iceland , i ' ve got a bit of a business .
mark wilson says he is ` ` proud '' to win his first world championship title in manchester .
the former president of brazil 's lower house of congress , eduardo cunha , has gone on trial for corruption .
aston villa have rejected an offer from championship club bristol city to sign hull city striker wilfried bony .
premiership side exeter chiefs have signed french second row blair white from french side montpellier on a two - year deal .
disney has said it is ` ` thrilled '' to be the world 's most famous film , disney has announced .
former boxer paddy o'donnell says he was ` ` devastated '' by his decision to leave the eu .
gateshead moved off the bottom of the national league table with a win over wrexham at bootham crescent .
one of zimbabwe 's best - known radio presenters has told the bbc he will not be able to use the language .
st helens moved up to second in super league with a hard - fought victory over hull fc .
the mother of moors murderer ian brady has written to the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- asking for an inquiry into her death .
liverpool city centre is to be transformed into a ` ` cultural hub '' for the city 's history .
it 's been one of the world 's largest treasure hunters - but it 's not enough to find it .
a paralysed woman who was paralysed after a paralympian was paralysed from the london marathon .
a film about the future of a welsh film has been cleared after it was revealed it was a film .
the uk 's best - selling app has been criticised for not doing adverts for breastfeeding .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the african union -lrb- caf -rrb- will be held in africa .
in india , the world 's most popular country , is the most important issue in the world .
nottinghamshire and england all - rounder stuart ball has signed a new contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
scottish lib dem leader willie rennie has said he is ` ` confident '' the scottish liberal democrats will be able to spend more time on spending .
a group of women have been rescued from the dartford crossing after they got stuck in a cliff .
police investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found in a car in perth have made a fresh appeal .
leeds united moved back to the top of the championship with victory over leeds united at elland road .
notts county have appointed former newcastle united and nottingham forest boss graham westley as their new chief executive .
the boss of a housing association has accused the housing association of ` ` failings '' over the housing market .
the us department of justice -lrb- hrw -rrb- has said it was behind a series of attacks on iran 's computer systems .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of ivory coast international midfielder mesut ozil .
in our series of letters from african journalists , margaret thatcher 's former prime minister and prime minister theresa may 's announcement that the government 's plan to buy a home in the uk has been in the headlines .
a 12-year - old boy who suffered severe brain injuries has been given a two - year suspended sentence .
two brothers have spoken of their ` ` love '' to leave a pub where they are missing .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
star wars : the force awakens has sold for $ 1.6 m -lrb- # 1.6 m -rrb- at auction in new york .
the family of a nigerian woman who was deported from nigeria have called for the uk to be deported .
andy murray says he wants to become the first briton to win the men 's singles at wimbledon .
great britain have won the men 's 4x100 m relay title at the rio 2016 olympics .
kenya 's olympic champion uhuru kenyatta has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test .
everton have re - signed everton striker romelu lukaku on loan until the end of the season .
the us has accused the us of carrying out a chemical attack on a rebel - held town in syria .
a british man has been remanded in custody in uganda charged with the murder of a british tourist .
akzonobel , the owner of dutch rival akzonobel , has rejected a bid to buy dutch rival akzo .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in leeds .
chelsea 's fa cup campaign ended with a massive blow to stamford bridge as they were beaten by manchester united at stamford bridge .
the x - ray machine has been awarded $ 1.8 m -lrb- # 1.8 m -rrb- by the makers of a computer .
a convicted drug dealer has been jailed for life for his part in a ` ` brutal '' attack on a vulnerable pensioner .
games developer valve has announced plans to introduce a new version of the game 's design and design system .
a woman has died in a house fire in dumfries and galloway , police have said .
the consortium behind the takeover of premier league champions liverpool is set to be completed by the end of the season .
ballymena united will host carrick rangers in the first round of the irish cup on saturday .
indonesian police say they have arrested a gay couple who say they were subjected to mass graves in jakarta .
a bomb disposal team has been called off after a bomb was found on a beach in county down .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was shot dead during storm desmond .
the bbc is to launch a ` ` new generation '' service for children with learning disabilities , the corporation has announced .
nick blackwell says he is ` ` devastated '' by his father 's death after he suffered a bleed on his brain and brain injury .
a memorial has been unveiled to a former carmarthenshire town 's former car park owner .
premiership club crusaders have completed the signing of former premiership champions crusaders and bristol rovers defender liam boyce .
the european space agency -lrb- rhi -rrb- has launched its first satellite .
cardiff city came from behind to beat cardiff city and secure their first win of the season at cardiff city .
a british backpacker has died after getting into difficulty in the great barrier reef , police have said .
france 's president nicolas sarkozy has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not return to the centre of the presidential campaign .
harlequins head coach eddie jones has been named in england 's squad for the six nations .
police investigating the murder of a man in norfolk have appealed for help in tracing a man they want to trace .
plans for a # 3.5 m m dual carriageway on the m6 in bedfordshire have been rejected by councillors .
british cycling 's governing body says it is ` ` very concerned '' that british cyclist sir bradley wiggins should be banned from taking drugs .
six - year - old ben ainsworth has been diagnosed with leukaemia , his family says .
south korea 's exams watchdog has apologised for the first time in its history after a test of exam results .
a man has died following a fire at a fishing boat in perthshire , police have said , .
a nurse has been jailed for 12 years for raping and assaulting two women at a hospital .
nico rosberg said his mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton was ` ` not good enough '' to win the hungarian grand prix .
saudi arabia 's interior minister has resigned after a row over a woman 's sexual harassment policy .
edf energy is to cut its energy bills by more than a year , the energy regulator has announced .
the number of libraries in northern ireland fell by 1 % in the last year , according to figures released by the department for education .
plans to build a new # 1bn hs2 high - speed power station in portsmouth have been revealed .
ed miliband has called on the government to ` ` make it easier '' to crack down on tax avoidance .
a man who killed his wife in a ` ` cowardly '' attack has been jailed for six years .
a buddhist monk in taiwan has become the first person in the world to be born in the country .
league one side accrington stanley have signed wales under-21 midfielder james elgar on a free transfer .
` ` we ' ve been talking about the welsh economy , '' says ed miliband .
an inquest into the deaths of two teenagers in a car crash in rhondda cynon taff has heard that the driver was killed .
the father of a british soldier killed in afghanistan has paid tribute to his ` ` beautiful son '' .
fox news and fox news presenter fox fox is to step down as chief executive of the fox news network .
the chair of the women 's football association has been appointed as the new head of the sport .
thousands of people have taken part in the yorkshire derby to celebrate the arrival of the city of sheffield .
there is a lot of concern about the future of the nhs in england , but it is not easy .
the nhs in england has been given the go - ahead by the health and social care board .
the us ambassador to russia has said he will not be allowed to travel to russia , despite concerns about his deportation .
two men have been robbed at knifepoint during a burglary at a house in dumfries .
national league side bromley have signed former mk dons and crystal palace defender rob keegan on a one - year deal .
a mayor in the french city of sao paulo has signed a petition calling for a muslim cleric to be banned from eating meals .
the value of gold in the us fell to a record high on friday as oil prices continued to fall .
spain 's prime minister mariano rajoy has won the right to stand for the country 's main opposition parties in the general election .
the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- has withdrawn its bid to host the 2019 world twenty20 in india .
virat kohli scored a hat - trick as india beat australia by five wickets in the third one - day international in melbourne .
wales scrum - half rhys webb says he is happy to return to wales for the 2016 six nations .
for the first time in the history of prostate cancer , the first drug trial in the british medical journal 's history has been published .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have met the duke of cambridge for the first time in their history .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but the eu referendum is n't the same .
a new study has found that a baby 's ability to study the brain 's brains , a study suggests .
the football association says it is ` ` very concerned '' that england 's women 's euro 2016 squad are ` ` unfair '' .
the number of public parks in england and wales has fallen by almost a third in a decade , mps have warned .
the scottish government has awarded # 2.5 m of funding to build a wind farm in scotland .
a ukip mep has written to ukip to a group calling for a ban on members of the party .
thousands of people have marched through londonderry to mark the 800th anniversary of the city 's tree tree .
crystal palace claimed their first premier league win of the season with a hard - fought victory over everton .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss michael appleton as their new manager on a two - year deal .
the wife of a police officer stabbed to death in rotherham has been awarded an mbe in the queen 's birthday honours list .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has told the bbc that the scottish independence referendum is not a good place .
welsh premier league side yeovil town have signed former wales under-21 midfielder andrew davies on a two - year deal .
the number of dog owners in england and wales has risen by more than a third in a year , figures obtained by the bbc show .
wasps moved up to second in the premiership table with victory over harlequins at the ricoh arena .
a petition calling for a ban on horse racing at a carmarthenshire road has been launched .
theresa may has told the bbc that the uk will not be able to leave the european union after brexit .
more than half of england 's gcse results have been delayed by the exams regulator for the first time since 2010 .
one of ukraine 's most famous cartoonists , zara , has unveiled a new version of the word ` ` palmyra '' .
the number of babies born in the isle of man has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
the greek prime minister has told the bbc that the bailout of the country 's central bank was a disaster .
at least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in somalia 's capital mogadishu , officials say .
guiseley have signed midfielder joe atkinson on loan from west bromwich albion until the end of the season .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has apologised for using a plane to raise funds for israel .
more than 1,000 children in england and wales are being sexually exploited by police , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
technology giant hewlett - packard has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs in california .
lewis hamilton says he will not rule out whether he will take charge of mercedes team - mate nico rosberg .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in final practice at the belgian grand prix .
the uk 's first liver transplant has become the first in the world to be tested in europe .
two polar bears are to be born at a wildlife park in denbighshire for the first time .
cardiff city manager russell slade says he is ` ` proud '' of his side 's league one play - off final against yeovil town .
france 's chris and gabby adcock reached the quarter - finals of the men 's doubles at rio 2016 .
hull fc reached the challenge cup quarter - finals for the first time with a comfortable win over oldham .
ben duckett 's maiden first - class century helped somerset to a draw with somerset at taunton .
carbon monoxide poisoning led to the deaths of his mother and daughter , an inquest has heard .
russia has said it is sending a ballistic missile to the baltic sea , in a move to the region .
former australian prime minister peter morrison has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his decision to leave the country .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his side 's ` ` incredible '' display in their 2 - 1 win over west brom .
the education secretary has told the bbc that the refugee crisis in the middle east is a ` ` disaster '' .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said he will not be charged with the murder of jean mcconville .
the number of people living in the grenfell tower fire has risen by almost a third in the past year , figures show .
residents of a beach in cornwall have been warned to expect seagulls after heavy rain washed up on a beach .
two men have been charged with manslaughter over the deaths of a five - year - old boy .
millwall moved into the league one play - off places with a comfortable win over shrewsbury at millwall .
a group of dogs from china who have been missing for nearly two years have arrived in the south china sea for the first time .
sunderland have appointed former sunderland boss sam allardyce as their new manager on a three - year contract .
cardiff city were held to a goalless draw by brentford in the efl cup second round . .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in greater manchester , police have said .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says the club are ` ` in the dark '' as they prepare for the premiership play - offs .
hundreds of jobs are to be lost in birmingham as part of a shake - up of the city 's headquarters .
the operator of the uk 's air service has said it is ` ` very confident '' the service will be at risk .
the film adaptation of the novel the force awakens has topped the uk box office for the first time .
the murder of ex - russian spy alexander litvinenko was a key figure in the investigation into his death .
a man has been seriously injured after a head - on collision between a car and a car in lincolnshire .
russian opposition leader ramzan kadyrov has been shot dead by russian anti - government activists in moscow .
a taxi driver has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the decision to stop a taxi in carmarthenshire .
an inquiry into historical child sexual abuse at kincora boys ' home in belfast has been launched .
charlton athletic have appointed roberto di matteo as their new head coach on a two - year deal for the rest of the season .
a church of england vicar has been suspended over allegations of indecent assault at a church in cheshire .
south africa 's national rugby union -lrb- rfl -rrb- has said it will close its south african business .
serbia and serbia have been charged by the football association over racist chanting during their champions league qualifier against serbia .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp says he is ` ` very happy '' to be appointed manager jurgen klopp .
a competition watchdog has called for a ban on online gambling companies to be imposed on online betting .
a list of key events to mark the 50th anniversary of the battle of the somme has been published .
a petition calling for the welsh government to change the name of a former airport in cardiff has been launched .
an australian company has been fined [ UNK ] # 2,000 after a woman was found in a storage site in australia .
` ` i ' ve never heard of my life , '' says sian sian yew , who has died from cancer .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in glasgow .
a health board has announced it is to recruit two new mothers to help them cope with mental health problems .
norwich city council has approved plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the city .
the bbc has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the bbc will not be able to broadcast live coverage of the bbc .
a young boy who was attacked by a man in the us has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the video of him being attacked .
a new zealand couple have become the first person to marry their wedding in the world , new zealand .
barrow came from behind to beat 10-man barrow and move into the national league play - off places .
in the wake of the chemical attack that killed a russian warplane in syria last month , the bbc 's karen kremlin has found a lot of relief .
a primary school in dumfries has been told it was a ` ` disturbance '' that led to a break - in at a school .
australian police are investigating allegations of match - fixing against australian rugby league -lrb- nrl -rrb- .
lancashire and surrey have been chosen to host the 2019 women 's cricket world cup in 2019 , the bbc has learned .
uber 's chief executive has said she is ` ` shocked '' by a woman who claims she was sexually harassed .
hampshire reached the one - day cup quarter - finals by beating hampshire at chester - le - street .
oxford university has been awarded a prestigious art exhibition to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of syria .
former commonwealth super - middleweight champion gemma gibbons will compete in glasgow 's ibf super - middleweight boxing squad .
england all - rounder jos buttler has signed a new two - year contract with lancashire .
celtic came from behind to beat hamilton academical and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time .
mark selby says he is ` ` not the best '' of his career after beating mark selby 6 - 4 in the first round of the uk championship .
st paul 's book of the year has won this year 's baileys prize for fiction .
a former mayor of hull has appeared in court accused of indecent assaulting a female councillor .
it 's been a year since the earthquake hit nepal and nepal , but this is the worst in the world .
glenavon and glenavon have been given a two - match touchline ban by the irish football association .
england under-21s boss gareth southgate says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's failure to reach the european under-21 championship .
one of the most important finds in wales is believed to have been found in a lake in monmouthshire .
prince harry has visited a village in south - west london to highlight the world 's mental health problems .
a police officer who was paralysed by armed robbers has spoken of his frustration at the moment he was injured .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the government 's response to the murder of his wife .
the belfast giants have signed former cardiff devils forward patrick van aaer on a two - year deal .
a cafe in hartlepool which was closed for more than two years has reopened after being closed .
a large fire has broken out at a building in the centre of the scottish borders , police have said .
jeremy corbyn is the new leader of the uk 's main political party -lrb- me -rrb- .
the number of breastfeeding in the uk has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a report .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the third round of the french open with a straight - set win over russia 's vladimir putints .
alviro petersen made his first century of the season as lancashire dominated the first day of the first test against hampshire .
a man accused of sexually abusing two children has told a court he was ` ` too lenient '' .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m relay team will not be allowed to compete at the rio olympics .
a man has appeared in court in texas charged with raping a canadian woman and attempting to murder her .
firefighters are tackling a wildfire in county londonderry after a fire broke out at a house .
australia captain steve smith has been named in the england squad for this summer 's ashes series against india .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not be able to run heathrow airport .
welsh premier league side cardiff city have appointed former manchester united and manchester city assistant steve johnson as their new manager .
the parents of a seven - year - old boy who took part in a holiday holiday have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the legal costs of his parents .
a group of holidaymakers have written to the mayor of skegness to mark the 150th anniversary of the ferry disaster .
the church of scotland has launched a new appeal to help families affected by the conflict in syria and iraq .
saudi arabia 's king salman has been sworn in as the new king of saudi arabia , the royal family has announced .
a french court has sentenced a prominent vietnamese blogger to six years in jail for posting a picture of him .
residents in skegness have been told they will not be able to walk on a cycle path .
singer - songwriter brian johnson has been announced as the headline acts for this year 's glastonbury festival .
media watchdog ofcom has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the uk 's future of broadcasting .
probation services in england and wales are failing to cope with problems with behavioural problems , a report has found .
moeen ali 's unbeaten century led south africa to a five - wicket win over south africa in the one - day cup .
a hospital in coventry is being investigated by the health and safety executive -lrb- pl -rrb- .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the aegon championships with a 6 - 3 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over france 's johanna konta .
a statue of the late rock star tom hanks is to be unveiled at manchester 's o2 arena .
derby county manager graham westley says his side 's poor start to the season is a ` ` huge factor '' .
mo farah has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a crash at the north west 200 .
a man who died after being bitten by a ticker has told a court he was not allowed to die .
northern ireland 's department of agriculture -lrb- sdlp -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about funding cuts .
the number of new homes being sold in england has fallen by almost a third in a year , the government has said .
scotland 's first minister has said the scottish government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to scotland 's relationship with the eu .
newport county 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at yeovil town .
league one side aston villa have signed former aston villa and england under-21 midfielder sam gardner on loan until the end of the season .
sunderland ladies have signed england under-21 midfielder katie chapman on a two - year deal .   's
super league leaders castleford came from behind to beat wakefield and move up to second in super league .
a man has died following a two - car crash on the a470 in dorset .   's
tens of thousands of people have marched in the gaza strip to protest against the government 's ruling party .
a couple who died after being diagnosed with cancer have raised more than # 100,000 for the first time .
tributes have been paid to a rugby player who died in a car crash in the republic of ireland .
celtic came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time .
egypt 's al ahly have been included in the squad for the africa cup of nations in gabon .
the japanese government has apologised for failing to remove water from a waterpark in new york .
reigning motogp champion marc marquez secured his first victory of the season in the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
gloucester city chairman mark hughes says the club 's supporters are ` ` in the dark '' and ` ` do n't know '' about their future .
the isle of wight 's new ` ` floating bridge '' is to be removed after a safety review .
a toxic gas leak at a warehouse in the chinese city of tianjin has killed at least 20 people .
sir winston churchill is to return to the uk for the first time in his career , the prime minister has announced .
a collection of whisky worth more than # 20,000 has been recovered from a shipwreck in the highlands .
portugal 's parliament has adopted a new law which aims to reintroduce the country 's citizenship .
a suffolk fire and rescue service could be cut as part of a # 3.5 m budget .
league one side bury have signed former charlton athletic and bolton midfielder alex radwan on a two - year deal .
head teachers in england and wales are calling on the government to end a ` ` long - running dispute '' over pay .
a man accused of the murder of surjit singh chhokar has told a jury he was not guilty .
wales scrum - half taulupe faletau says he would be ` ` unfair '' to face italy in the six nations .
plans for a # 3.5 m shopping centre in oxford have been approved by the city council .
a body has been found in the search for a man who went missing in the isle of man .
a us appeals court has upheld the conviction of a us woman accused of murdering her two - year - old daughter .
the uk government has said it is ` ` unlikely '' that tata will sell its uk operations in wales .
the scottish government has launched a plan to reduce the number of homes being built by renewable heat incentive -lrb- sm -rrb- .
the number of people using adverts has more than doubled in the past year , according to a new study .
a stunt in las vegas , usa , has been turned into a virtual reality show by a las vegas man .
the number of gps in wales has fallen by 6 % in the past year , figures have shown .
a taxi driver who was convicted of raping a student said he was ` ` not afraid '' , a council leader has said .
crystal palace manager jose mourinho says the ` ` red card '' of jose mourinho 's red card in the 2 - 1 draw at crystal palace .
rangers manager pedro caixinha says he is ` ` disappointed and disappointed '' by his club 's decision to remove racist comments from rangers .
human remains have been discovered at a beach in aberdeenshire , according to a new study of the sea .
a skeleton found on a dundee quarry is to be returned to the uk after the discovery of a skeleton .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni is preparing to run for a third term in office .
ireland flanker sean o'brien will miss saturday 's six nations match against wales at twickenham .
hundreds of thousands of people have attended a protest against plans to close a library in huddersfield town centre .
a church in north yorkshire has been left with a ` ` smell of smell '' by poachers .
bayer leverkusen boss joe schmidt has been fined # 10,000 by the football association for failing to control his red card against bayer leverkusen .
scientists in japan have found the world 's first drug to be decriminalised by using malaria .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing two young girls in the uk and leaving him with indecent images of children .
israeli police say they have shot dead a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack on a cafe in jerusalem .
cheshire and stoke - on - trent have agreed a deal to deal with the government 's troubled nhs , the bbc understands .
thousands of ducklings have been stranded in northern ireland for the first time in more than a decade .
hundreds of people turned out to take part in a halloween festival in londonderry , taking place in the city .
a palestinian man has been killed in a bus crash in the occupied west bank , israeli police say .
two men have admitted their part in the hatton garden jewellery raid , which led to the deaths of two men .
one of the world 's largest surfers , surfers and surfers , has bought a new surfboard .
st mirren beat st mirren to win the scottish women 's premier league title and boost their title hopes .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is to ban extremism , the government has announced .
organisers of the grand national at aintree say they are ` ` disappointed '' by the organisers .
the mother of a baby girl who was born in orkney has celebrated her 100th anniversary with a special flight .
harlequins have signed scrum - half ben chees from london irish on a two - year deal .
chelsea midfielder juan mata has been left out of spain 's euro 2016 squad , with a knee injury .
a bus had to be evacuated after a fire broke out at a shopping centre in north - west london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in west sussex , police said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the moment .
the irish government has announced that it will offer irish citizenship to us citizens in the republic of ireland .
a new government minister in myanmar has been caught on cctv using fake degrees , saying : ` ` i do n't know '' .
messaging service snapchat has reported a net loss of $ 1.8 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.8 m -rrb- for the first time in more than three years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene reflects on the migrant crisis .
thousands of people have protested in the venezuelan capital , caracas , in protest against the government 's use of anti - government protests .
a murder inquiry has been launched after the body of a man was found in a glasgow street , police have said .
scotland 's top law officer has said the uk is ` ` absolutely committed '' to leaving the european union .
jessica ennis - hill has been given a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
leicester city manager roy hodgson says he is ` ` shocked '' by the football association 's head coach .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has told the bbc he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the eu .
an indian man has spoken of his shock after being attacked by a shopkeeper in the city of mumbai .
sale sharks fly - half denny solomona says he will leave sale sharks at the end of the season .
two people have died and two others have been injured in a collision with a bus in north yorkshire .
` ` i am n't have a dream come true , '' says yaya toure .
a man has admitted causing the death of a five - year - old girl by dangerous driving after a car crashed into a tree .
a firefighter who died in a fire at a house in sussex has been named by the fire service .
scunthorpe united have re - signed midfielder matt hibs on loan until the end of the season .
it 's been described as the ` ` worst in the world 's history of wind '' .
scottish labour leader jim matheson has been appointed as the new leader of glasgow city council -lrb- sfa -rrb- .
aberdeen have signed northern ireland under-21 midfielder michael ward on a two - year deal .   's
ryan burnett 's ibf super - middleweight title will take place in belfast on saturday .
social media users in mexico say they are ` ` disappointed '' after a video was posted online .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness has said there is ` ` no problem '' in northern ireland .
great britain 's hannah cockroft won the men 's 4x100 m relay at the rio olympics with victory in the women 's 4x400 m relay .
britain 's jamie smith won the wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over italy 's sam smith .
police investigating the murder of a man in north belfast have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
the sdlp and the sdlp have said they are ` ` confident '' the party will be able to form a new assembly .
nhs trusts in england are spending more than # 3.5 m in the last three years , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
a grade ii - listed library has been given grade ii listed status by the ministry of defence .
a girl has died after being hit by a car in stoke - on - trent , police said .
the french space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first satellite to map the country 's oceans .
dyfed - powys wedi dweud f fod yn gynnyddfod yn dweud f f fodd fod yn gynnyddo gynnyddi fod yn gynnys [ UNK ] .
red bull 's head coach john whitson says he wants to make changes to the engine system .
british number two dan evans lost in the third round of the australian open to australia 's dan evans .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union , but it was n't easy .
the united states says it will send more than 1,000 syrian missiles to syria , as part of a military operation .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was hit by a car in dundee .
for the first time in the uk , there 's a lot of views from the european union .
a saudi prince has been arrested in lebanon on suspicion of drug smuggling , the ministry of justice says .
the royal navy 's ` ` forgotten '' crew were among those killed in the uk 's worst maritime disaster .
the 2016 winter olympics in sochi is the biggest sporting event in the history of the winter olympics .
great britain 's mark cavendish won the tour of britain with victory in the opening race of the tour de yorkshire .
a primary school in somerset has announced it will close its doors for the first time in three years .
surrey and england all - rounder liam trego has announced his retirement from cricket with immediate effect .
a woman who was killed in a suspected gas explosion in cheshire has been awarded a posthumous award for bravery .
the uk 's financial regulator has called for a review of the financial conduct authority -lrb- fn -rrb- .
the mexican grand national has launched a competition that allows users to wear a hairdresser 's hair .
league one side port vale have signed former port vale midfielder liam williams on a two - year deal .
one of st kilda 's most famous st kilda has been saved from the sea by conservationists .
british vogue 's new chief executive , james ennis - hill , is to leave the european union .
sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara has been named in the england squad for the first test against sri lanka .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has warned that the killing of a migrant in the mediterranean could be ` ` disastrous '' .
prime minister david cameron is to visit burma for the first time in more than two years , downing street has said .
former us secretary of state hillary clinton has called for a meeting of egyptian president mohammed mursi .
samit patel 's unbeaten half - century helped surrey fight back against warwickshire at edgbaston .
police are investigating the disappearance of a man whose body was found in a garden in cardiff . ''
when former french prime minister nicolas sarkozy was found guilty of a burglary at the centre of the paris attacks , he was the victim of an anti - racism row .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has apologised to customers who were affected by a computer failure .
a new supercomputer has found a way to find a super bowl of two super - sized super - sized supercomputers .
more than 1,000 new homes have been created in scotland for the first time in a decade .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has told the bbc he will resume peace talks with the government .
a care home where two babies died after being taken to hospital was ` ` unlawfully '' , a court has heard .
stranraer have sacked manager gordon reid after two years in charge of the league one club .
a car bomb has exploded in the turkish city of recep tayyip erdogan , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
england 's preparations for next week 's final test against india in mumbai were overshadowed by the recent attacks in mumbai .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by japan .
real madrid boss alexis sanchez has left the club by mutual consent after just one season in charge of the club .
iceland 's parliament has passed a bill allowing women to wear gender equality in the country 's civil servants .
a care home in glasgow has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cq -rrb- .
a man has been arrested after a gun was fired at a block of flats in dumbarton .
the family of a british man missing in india have said they are ` ` desperate '' to find him .
a man has been jailed for two years for carrying out a ` ` burglary '' in manchester .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he wants to sell a controlling stake in the premier league club .
the scottish cup semi - final between celtic and rangers ended in a goalless draw at hampden .
olympic silver medallist ronnie o'sullivan says he is ` ` confident '' he will compete at the rio olympics .
two men have been arrested in connection with a series of drugs and drugs raids in greater manchester and cheshire .
west indies all - rounder ben stokes says he wants to play for england in the world twenty20 .
forest green rovers boss graham pearce says he is ` ` lucky '' to be able to play in the national league .
a number of people have been living in the city of london in what is believed to be the worst in the country .
wales scrum - half rhys patchell says he will be fit for saturday 's six nations match against australia .
india beat sri lanka by eight wickets in the second test in nagpur to win the third test .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping two young girls in falkirk in the highlands .
a man who sexually assaulted a 15-year - old girl in belfast has been jailed for 12 years .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner has called on the scottish government to review the use of phone calls .
it 's been a year since the chief executive of the royal british airways -lrb- rcs -rrb- announced her retirement from the company .
fracking could be allowed to drill for shale gas in nottinghamshire , the company behind the drilling industry has said .
a workman who fell to his death in a ` ` toxic '' acid attack has told an inquest he did not think he had been drinking .
the family of a student who went missing in edinburgh have appealed for help to find a new home .
plans to build a nuclear power plant in norfolk have been approved by energy firm king power station bosses .
a us company has agreed to pay $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.5 m -rrb- to a syrian refugee company .
the number of people living in wales has risen by more than a third , according to a charity .
one direction 's best - selling album is suing the band for $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6.4 m -rrb- for the first time .
health secretary jeremy hunt has launched a motion calling for a new national curriculum to be introduced in england .
the number of cruise ships being hit by guernsey 's coast has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
ireland were knocked out of the women 's icc women 's world twenty20 as they lost to bangladesh in bangkok .
the gcse results in england have always been a bit of a bit more than a * .
a football club has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a teenage girl has been given permission to play a football stadium .
a group of children have been rescued from the dartford camp in south - east england , the bbc has learned .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghymru wedi dweud wrth iddyn nhw ' r swyddog .
` ` it 's not easy , '' says david cameron , who has been in the house of commons .
peterborough united have sacked manager graham westley after less than a week in charge of the league one club .
peterborough united midfielder steven gerrard will miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
plans to demolish an art gallery in staffordshire have been given the go - ahead by the council .
nottingham forest boss mark warburton says his squad will be ` ` more important '' than their squad .
great britain 's amy o'connor won the women 's 4x100 m freestyle final at the european championships .
us aircraft maker boeing has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of the year , boosted by a drop in aircraft sales .
edinburgh airport has apologised after a passenger jet became stuck in the runway at edinburgh airport .
schools in england have been told they will not be able to cope with the attainment gap in their schools .
i was a woman who was born in a church in ceredigion in the 1970s and 80s .
a new study has found that humans are more likely to be able to keep them in the wild .
former australian prime minister tony abbott has apologised to his wife 's family after a helicopter crash .
the death of a woman who was hit by a car on the m6 in oxfordshire has been described as ` ` ridiculous '' .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in berkshire .
russian president vladimir putin has said he will meet eu leaders in brussels to discuss ukraine 's annexation of crimea .
england 's laura massaro is three shots off the lead after the second round of the women 's open .
scotland 's first minister has paid tribute to those who died in a tram crash in glasgow on friday .
soft drinks giant agrig has announced plans to introduce a sugar tax on sugar in the uk .
harry potter and the cursed child is among the nominees for this year 's royal opera house awards .
gatwick airport has reported a sharp rise in passenger numbers for the third quarter of the year .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was found dead in a flat in leeds .
a banksy artwork that was stolen from cheltenham 's national gallery has gone on display for the first time .
league one side southend united have re - signed southend united midfielder luke hyam on loan until the end of the season .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have launched legal action against the us government over claims she lied about her job .
welsh taekwondo champion jade jones says she is ready to compete at the rio olympics as she prepares to defend her title .
lego has apologised for allowing lego to be banned from its exhibition in sydney , australia .
a review into the care of vulnerable people at care homes in south wales has been launched by the welsh government .
liam stevens 's maiden first - class century helped essex to a draw with kent at chelmsford .
the bbc 's panorama programme is looking at how many of the uk 's best - known plants are sold .
the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- has ruled that the olympic games will be held in rio .
james bond is to return to the new york times for the first time in more than 30 years .
for the first time , there 's a lot of people who want to find out what they want to be the best - loved smartphone .
rangers have launched a bid to buy the club 's shares in ibrox for the club .
plans for a # 1.5 m visitor attraction in wrexham have been approved by the welsh government .
a cheltenham town football club has been forced to withdraw its food from its menu after a health trust criticised it .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a soldier was found in dublin .
hibernian were held to a goalless draw by hibernian in the first leg of their scottish cup tie .
police officers are being warned to be deployed to the champions league final at cardiff city 's principality stadium .
premier league champions leicester city have apologised to fans who were left without tickets for saturday 's derby at tottenham .
burton albion have released six players , including midfielders lee gregory and midfielder tom flanagan , and midfielder james davies .
the coroner at the inquest into the deaths of two british men who drowned on a beach in south - east london has ruled that he may have drowned .
the chief executive of newport gwent police has called for a review of job cuts to the economy .
plans for a # 3 m tidal lagoon in snowdonia have been approved by the welsh government .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in flintshire .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found on a beach in west sussex .
glasgow warriors head coach vern cotter says his side 's european champions cup quarter - final against pro12 leaders connacht is a ` ` huge '' moment .
cameroon 's football association -lrb- fa -rrb- has apologised for failing to control their players during the africa cup of nations .
england 's paul casey carded a three - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the abu dhabi championship .
england head coach eddie jones says his side 's six nations win over new zealand is ` ` not good enough '' .
a jury in the us state of utah has ruled that a man accused of shooting dead his daughter .
a cumbrian hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog , inspectors have said .
the number of new primary school places in england is set to rise by 6 % over the next five years , according to a report .
the raf 's last flying vulcan bomber will be axed , the ministry of defence has confirmed .
one of scotland 's best known music studios is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
more than a third of adults in england and wales are more likely to be taught about their own life , a study suggests .
a company director has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two men who fell asleep in a wheelie bin .
a giant sheep has been sold at auction for # 1,000 -lrb- 2,500 -rrb- .
the european union has warned that greenhouse gas emissions will be cut by 1.5 % in the past year .
the price of oil has fallen for the second time this year , as oil prices continue to fall .
a man killed in a light aircraft crash in county down has been named by police as john mcguinness .
the department for education -lrb- lec -rrb- has been told it will not be delayed until next year .
police are investigating the death of a peregrine falcon who was poisoned in north wales last year .
michael phelps became the first british man to win a medal at the rio olympics as he won the men 's 100 m freestyle .
a campaign has been launched to raise # 3.5 m for the nhs in south london to reduce the cost of the nhs .
as venezuela prepares for its first independence day , the bbc 's gabriel jesus looks at the challenges facing the country 's economy .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says his side 's champions league campaign is ` ` not good enough '' .
ireland 's jason smyth missed out on a place in the 400 m hurdles final at the world championships in glasgow .
two men have been threatened with a gun during a burglary at a house in sao paulo .
a water park in dorset is to be closed for the first time in more than two years . '
police in australia say they are searching for a man who has been missing for more than a week .
plans to build a new golf course in dunblane have been rejected by the scottish open council .
england 's charley hull carded a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the us pga championship .
the x factor has topped the us and canada box office chart for the second time in a row .
northern ireland 's new plastic banknotes have been stolen from the bank of ireland for the first time .
prime minister david cameron has urged the uk government to set up a new devolution deal with england .
gateshead midfielder liam cooper has signed a new one - year contract with the national league club . '
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has signed a new three - year contract with the scottish premiership club .
scientists say they have found a new vaccine for flu in the uk to protect the spread of flu .
the number of gay men in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
gambian president pierre nkurunziza has accused the country 's main opposition leader of violating the constitution .
` ` it was n't impossible to forget , '' says kevin ` ` chappell '' .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that two men have lost their appeal against their convictions for murder .
the drilling rig transocean winner is to be refurbish to refurbish the rig transocean section .
the organisers of the scottish independence referendum have said they are ` ` disappointed '' that the event is the best in scotland .
london 's transport system is to increase the number of incidents of rape and sexual harassment , a report says .
poland 's media watchdog , the european media commission , has announced plans to introduce a new tv channel .
the uk has signed a trade deal with the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- to help tackle the migrant crisis .
south korea 's government says it will resume a public inquiry into the sinking of a ferry that sank last week .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at the welsh government 's largest teaching body , the union has said .
it 's been a lot of time for this year 's x factor , but it 's not easy to watch it .
the berlin - based islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has banned its users from entering the country .
police in india have charged a man with the murder of an indian man in connection with the fatal shooting of a barmaid .
the us state of california has lifted a ban on prisoners who have died from suicide or suicides .
the online retail giant amazon has said it will raise online shoppers for the first time this year .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of heavy rain across wales .
a group of students from south wales have been awarded a # 3.5 m grant to help cross the atlantic .
work to restore a grade ii * -lrb- 2.5 m -rrb- castle in hampshire has begun .
the boss of one of the uk 's biggest banks has said he wants to invest in the european union .
tony bellew will fight tony bellew in new zealand on saturday , says former heavyweight champion tony bellew .
northern ireland 's first minister has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that some of the city 's biggest outdoor festivals will be held in londonderry .
kilmarnock striker sam warburton has left the club by mutual consent , bbc scotland understands .
the bbc 's iplayer -lrb- ipcc -rrb- is n't the best - selling tv series in the world .
a statue of gordon wallace has been unveiled in monmouthshire for the first time in more than 50 years .
manchester united have agreed a deal to buy manchester united for the first time since the end of the season .
when george north 's new contract with manchester city , it has been a long - term future for the sport .
manchester city 's champions league semi - final against real madrid will be held on sunday , when they face real madrid in the semi - finals .
russia 's eurovision song contest won a record - breaking year for the country 's first time .
st mirren came from behind to beat st mirren in the scottish cup quarter - finals .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not win the leadership of the party 's leadership .
a ` ` significant '' roman wall has been discovered in leicester city centre for the first time .
it 's been a week since the oscar - winning director robert harris took charge of the us national anthem .
a rare polar bear has been born in scotland for the first time since she was born in the highlands .
the mother of singer chris gray has spoken of the ` ` horrific '' and ` ` unprovoked '' abuse of her mother .
a heritage site in northampton has been ordered to sell a statue to a local authority 's name .
hibernian moved up to second in the scottish premiership with a 4 - 0 win over livingston .
wakefield trinity wildcats have signed catalans dragons full - back mikel on a two - year deal .
castleford tigers centre manu tuilagi will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
ed miliband has accused ed miliband of being ` ` bullied '' by the uk to leave the eu .
walmart , the world 's largest online retailer , has announced plans to sell its shares in walmart .
pakistan 's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would allow weddings to be held in the country .
a new bus company is to create more than 1,000 vehicles in falkirk and perth .
iain duncan smith has written to david cameron calling on the uk 's eu renegotiations .
sir philip green has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that mps will vote on whether to fund the pension scheme .
if you want to find out what they say is like to be the world 's best - known brands .
a british paralympian has died after collapsing during a swimming pool in dubai on saturday . '
anti - social behaviour in york city has come under pressure to ban women from wearing shorts and shorts .
facebook has launched a $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- bid to buy the messaging app snapchat .
at least 20 people were killed when a police helicopter collided with a lorry on a motorway in texas , officials say .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` disappointed '' with china 's decision to hold talks with china .
the number of patients waiting for a&e departments in northern ireland has fallen by more than a third .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france to 15 points with victory in the vuelta a espana .
chile 's government has cancelled flights and flights to the capital , santiago , amid a dispute over pay .
more than 1,000 jobs have been lost in the uk after a sharp fall in jobs and jobs .
britain 's tom daley won gold in the men 's canoe slalom at the rio olympics .
the number of elderly people in care in scotland has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to figures obtained by bbc scotland .
the bbc 's best - known science book of the year has been named best british scientist .
the chicago cubs have become the first man to win this year 's golden globes cup , and they ' ve been given the chance to win the title .
danske bank in dumfries and galloway has reported a pre - tax loss of # 3.6 m for the year to june .
india 's supreme court has approved a law banning the rape and rape of schoolgirls in the country .
an 18th century bronze age metal detectorist has been found by a metal detectorist at his norfolk home .
raheem sterling has rejected a bid from liverpool for raheem sterling to join manchester city .
wales coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's record - breaking six nations win over new zealand was a ` ` massive achievement '' .
culture secretary john whittingdale has been appointed as the uk government 's new culture secretary .
it 's been one of the world 's most famous landmarks , but there 's a big challenge !
harlequins wing george north has been ruled out of the six nations with a knee injury .
a man has been charged in connection with an alleged robbery at a house in renfrewshire .
max whitlock has been suspended by british gymnastics 's governing body for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
uruguay striker luis suarez will miss the world cup after being banned for biting uruguay 's luis suarez .
a us dentist has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for killing a lion in zimbabwe , a court has heard .
a young woman in china 's western city of shanghai has been given a suspended jail sentence for using her divorce .
a court in germany has charged a man with plotting to kill islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed england under-23 striker natasha harding .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north london .
ulster fly - half ruan mccormack has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a hospital has apologised to patients who had to wait more than a year for a second time .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after falling into a river in gwynedd .
it 's not just a few weeks since the uk voted to leave the european union , but there 's a lot of discussion about the eu .
as iraq prepares to elect a new prime minister , the country 's democratically democratic republic -lrb- is -rrb- has a long - awaited presidential election .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in nottingham to celebrate the achievements of the london marathon .
reading defender jason mcauley has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .s
it 's been a year since the welsh government announced it is going to announce a new budget .
sports direct boss mike ashley has written to mps to the commons select committee -lrb- ipcc -rrb- asking him to give evidence to mps .
former prime minister lord hain has said the house of lords should be allowed to vote on brexit .
plans to improve flood defences in rural parts of england have been approved by the government , it has been announced .
the world 's most famous surfers have been caught up on the western isles of scilly .
more than 1,000 people have been killed in the sea off the coast of sussex in a bid to save lives .
a hoard of gold coins found in egypt 's mediterranean sea has been discovered by archaeologists , say .
wasps director of rugby dai young says he is ` ` excited '' about the impact of the premiership season .
the green party has pledged to donate 1,000 sanitary products to all children in the uk .
a dundee university has developed a 3d printer that can be fitted with 3d printer tissue in the 1970s .
two teenage boys have been attacked by a group of youths in merseyside , prompting a police appeal .
a man accused of trying to travel to pakistan to join so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has appeared in court .
south africa 's opposition leader jacob zuma has said he will hold a third term in a row over student protests .
a search and rescue helicopter service has been carried out for the first time in more than 50 years .
the isle of wight festival is to be held later this year , organisers have said , as part of a new world record .
cue card won the british grand national at aintree to win the punchestown gold cup at punchestown .
volkswagen has said it will stop sales of its cars in the us and canada because of the emissions scandal .
south africa is one of the world 's best - known tourist destinations , but it is n't just a few miles away .
defending champions bayern munich reached the quarter - finals of the champions league with a comfortable win over porto .
a drug dealer has been jailed for life for murdering a vulnerable man in a ` ` brutal '' attack .
aberdeen fc 's plan to build a new stadium at hampden park has been ` ` unacceptable '' , according to a report .
derry suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by meath in the all - ireland qualifiers .
irish travellers living in irish countries are more likely to be able to travel to ireland , according to researchers .
peterborough united midfielder ben howard has been ruled out for six weeks with a hamstring injury , says manager graham westley .
a flintshire man has pleaded guilty to attempting to murder a wrexham man who was shot by police .
singer - songwriter amy winehouse has been left ` ` devastated '' by her son , her daughter has said .
a ukrainian journalist has been shot and wounded by a gunman in the city of dundalk .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has confirmed it will host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
england all - rounder james anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a suspected gas blast .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers africa 's future .
a man who groomed and sexually abused a 15-year - old girl has been given a suspended prison sentence .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that beavers are being kept in scotland .
adam webster 's hat - trick helped wakefield to a comfortable win over wakefield at the kcom stadium .
roma -lrb- gypsy -rrb- has been evicted from a roma camp in the centre of romania .
cinema - goers in los angeles are set to star in a film about the city 's most famous film .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at africa 's most populous country .
tributes have been paid to a formula 1 driver who died in a car crash in the us .
former world champion barry mcguigan has signed a new deal with scottish boxing to become a professional .
england head coach lee johnson says he is ` ` proud '' of his team 's performance in the first test against australia .
sir ian bell has returned to the london festival for the first time in more than a decade after being released .
ricky burns ' defeat in glasgow on saturday was the most important moment of his career , but there is still a lot of emotions .
the hs2 high - speed rail line is to be built in birmingham , the government has announced .
warren gatland 's late try gave scotland a bonus - point win over wales at twickenham .
fifa president sepp blatter has backed fifa 's bid to host the 2022 world cup .
hampshire all - rounder ben carney has been ruled out of the county championship after being diagnosed with cancer .
the boss of baidu , baidu , has been charged with using google 's self - driving cars .
teachers are calling for more action to tackle female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- in england and wales .
a spider - man spider - man has been discovered by scientists in taiwan for the first time in nearly two years .
a campaign has been launched to mark the centenary of the murder of a girl who was shot dead in the 1970s .
china 's space agency says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that the country 's space station could be built .
the number of young people killed by a train in wrexham has risen by more than 50 % , according to a new report .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his ex - girlfriend .
saracens moved to the top of the premiership table with a hard - fought victory over bath .
the number of people living in flood - hit areas in cumbria has risen , according to a tourism expert .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully launched its first ever satellite .
` ` i ' m going to die , '' says gwynedd 's first minister carwyn jones .
south african brewer sabmiller has said it will offer a $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.4 bn -rrb- offer to a rival brewer .
the family of a missing airman have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his disappearance .
a man has died after a fire at a house in kilmarnock , police have said .
councils in pembrokeshire could be forced to spend more time in the next five years , a committee of mps has said .
the un security council has said it will resume peace talks in syria , hours after fighting broke out .
there 's a lot of questions about the future of the university of england -lrb- ifs -rrb- , but how much money it pays for students ?
ospreys moved to the top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over ospreys .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat hamilton academical and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
the tui group has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the migrant crisis in tunisia .
more than 1,000 motorists are caught speeding on the m4 in newport , according to the latest figures .
first minister carwyn jones has said he is ` ` confident '' the welsh conservatives can win the general election .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for conspiring to defrauded clients out of # 1 m .
celtic manager gordon strachan says he is ` ` delighted '' with his side 's poor start to the season .
a woman has developed a ` ` smart '' dog that can help save the life of her dog .
the uk 's brexit vote is ` ` not good enough '' , according to a closely watched survey .
donald trump and donald trump have signed an agreement on the world trade organization -lrb- tpp -rrb- .
atletico madrid moved back to the top of la liga with a comfortable win over 10-man atletico madrid .
the new # 5 note will be introduced in scotland this year , according to the bank of scotland .
the republic of ireland 's economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
scientists at the university of california say they have developed a new drug that aims to improve the quality of medicines .
` ` i ' m going to die , '' says the british medical association -lrb- mnd -rrb- .
the uk says it has carried out a series of attacks on islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq and syria .
leicester tigers centre manu tuilagi will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the uk 's highest court has been criticised by mps for failing to pay compensation to criminals and criminals .
aston villa boss mauricio pellegrini says he wants to leave the premier league club .
as the world cup gets under way in india , the country 's football association -lrb- bfa -rrb- is looking forward to the future .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in an edinburgh street .
berlin 's artistic director has said he is ` ` disappointed '' with the city 's decision to leave the country .
a man in his 50s has died after being found in a flat in county dublin on friday .
pop star adele has been named the uk 's best - selling artist of the year for 2015 .
adolf hitler 's birthplace has been sold at auction for more than $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1 m -rrb- .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after his boat capsized on a cliff in gwynedd .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured mosul 's northern city of mosul for the first time .
there 's a lot of talk about the dangers of depression and depression , but it 's not easy to do so .
staff at swansea university have been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by a group of staff .
the chief executive of a canadian school has told the bbc he wants to build a new school in the city .
coventry 's league one play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by bury .
coleraine secured their first win of the season with a comfortable 3 - 2 win over manchester thunder .
chelsea midfielder philippe coutinho has been left out of the rest of the season after suffering concussion .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud bod yn dweud bod ` ` brexit '' , yn [ UNK ] prif weinidog .
the mother of a five - year - old girl who was born in bangladesh has launched a campaign to save her life .
the united states has become the first country in latin america to become the world 's largest country .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side 's premier league title race is ` ` not good enough '' .
` ` it 's the world 's best , '' says japan 's women 's rugby union team .
the nhs in england has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog , ofsted has said .
manchester united striker mario balotelli suffered a heart attack during his side 's 2 - 1 europa league win over arsenal .
a star wars star has sold at auction for more than # 20,000 -lrb- 8,000 -rrb- .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in south london .
a hospital trust has apologised for ` ` failings '' in its handling of patient safety .
england women secured a place in the women 's six nations with a bonus - point win over wales .
league one side bradford city have signed former portsmouth and plymouth argyle midfielder paul foster on a two - year deal .
prime minister david cameron is to set up a new military base in south sudan , as part of a drive to tackle the conflict .
a fire broke out at a tube station in south - east london after a gas leak broke out .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in sheffield , police have said .
david weir has announced he will retire from athletics at the end of this year 's london marathon .
a video of a giant panda being filmed in a ceredigion zoo has been captured on camera .
a group of teaching assistants -lrb- pcso -rrb- has written to the welsh government to set up a new curriculum .
two of the world 's best - known authors are to be trialled for the first time .
the leader of the afghan taliban , mullah akhtar mansour , is to step down , the bbc understands .
former rangers and manchester city footballer joe allen has been named as the new manager of the scottish premier league club .
the x factor has topped the uk singles chart for the first time in more than a decade , according to regulator ofcom .
plans for a new cycling centre in gwynedd have been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
the number of people killed by motorists in scotland fell by more than 1 % in the past year , according to new figures .
a woman is to undergo a # 2.5 m refurbishment to her former home in west sussex .
manchester city boss roberto mancini says carlos tevez will not be able to return to the club .
a holyrood committee has called on the scottish government to back plans to change the structure of universities .
the hong kong stock exchange -lrb- lg -rrb- says it will not be able to sell its shares in denmark .
three teenagers have been jailed after a spate of petrol bombs were thrown at police vehicles during a protest in london .
a ` ` dangerous '' bin lorry has been caught on camera in a bid to stop littering .
the bbc 's big brother is taking a look at some of the best ideas in the uk .
league one side bolton wanderers have re - signed cardiff city midfielder matt crooks on loan until the end of the season .
scientists say they have discovered a new type of tree tree tree that lived in the world for decades .
a large fire has broken out at a block of flats in the scottish borders after a gas leak .
an old mine in berkshire has been filmed for the first time in more than 30 years after being filmed .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in kent .
leinster moved top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over glasgow warriors at the rds .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is ` ` confident '' her party will be able to spend more than # 1 m in wales .
catalans dragons full - back kevin sinfield will miss the rest of the super league season after suffering a knee injury .
italian film director philippe coutinho has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the film 's ` ` extremist '' .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has told the bbc he is ` ` confident '' the country will be killed in the country .
a group of councils in oxfordshire have backed a plan to devolve the council tax on local services .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who was seriously injured in a car crash say they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
coventry 's city of culture has marked the centenary of the battle of the city 's war memorial .
sir bradley wiggins says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the uk anti - doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- .
in the wake of the malaysia airlines plane crash that killed more than 100 people , the bbc 's geeta pandey report on the scale of the plane 's aviation history has been published .
two police officers have been found guilty of sexually abusing a man who was subjected to racist abuse .
a british backpacker has been charged with the murder of a backpacker who was stabbed to death in australia .
an investigation into the future of a multi - million pound hotel in northampton has been launched by the county council .
an indian woman who was born in the vatican has died at the age of 90 .   's birth .
india 's prime minister narendra modi 's decision to pull out of the uk 's second - largest giant , india 's economy , is the focus of business .
hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated from chile 's capital santiago after a volcano erupted in the region .
a man has died after being attacked by a shark on a beach in perthshire , police say .
it 's not easy to see if you ' ve ever wondered what you 're going to do .
in the german city of nice , a group of young people are taking to the streets of the city where they are trying to find out .
vodafone has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
the cost of affordable homes in england has risen by # 1.5 m , according to the government .
more than 1,000 chickens have been stolen from a powys town 's christmas tree .
humberside police is to cut 1,000 posts as part of a shake - up of its force .
austria 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has taken a step towards becoming the next president of europe .
catalans dragons have re - signed australian prop jamie peacock on a two - year deal from next season .
sir bradley wiggins says he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the use of a banned steroid in paris .
the ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- is a place in las vegas .
the number of social workers in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , figures show .
an outbreak of norovirus at a nature reserve in devon has been closed for the second time .
the family of a man who died after being restrained by police have called for a ` ` peaceful protest '' .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says there is a ` ` good chance '' of being selected for the first test against new zealand .
the syrian government is planning to retake the country 's main rebel - held town of homs .
a social media campaign has been launched to remove a letter from a children 's author who said she was ` ` bullied '' .
police in naples have arrested nine people in connection with a multi - million pound corruption scandal , officials say .
one of the world 's oldest buildings is to be restored after a # 1.5 m restoration .
voters in stoke - on - trent have clashed over plans to boost the nhs in the general election .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as portugal came from behind to beat sweden and reach the quarter - finals of euro 2016 .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the hacking of russia 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the roman catholic church in malta is marking the 50th anniversary of the ancient tradition of the ottoman empire .
` ` it was n't the best player in the world , '' says alan shearer .
the mother of missing airman corrie mckeague has said he is ` ` desperate '' to find his son .
highlands and islands council -lrb- occ -rrb- needs to develop a digital technology , according to a report .
it 's been confirmed as the new star of the bbc 's new series of the year .
an inquest has opened into the death of a cafe worker who was shot and killed by a gunman .
a californian man has pleaded guilty to charges relating to the murder of a us woman in california .
a head teachers ' union has warned of ` ` significant cuts '' to schools in england 's schools .
a group of oxford university students have signed a petition calling on the government to cut the number of undergraduates .
tributes have been paid to one of australia 's best - known artists , best known for her work .
the conservative party 's first minister has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the prime minister .
police have released the name of a man who died in a crash on the a74 in county londonderry .
` ` it 's a place in the south of australia , '' says a county durham village .
more than 1,000 jobs are expected to be lost in aberdeen after the company said it will cut 2,000 jobs .
surrey county council has backed plans to cut council tax by more than a third of its council tax .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says his side can not win the premier league title if they win the title .
national league side boreham wood have re - signed former forest green rovers and reading defender chris kamd .
the royal welsh regiment of wales -lrb- mod -rrb- is to take part in a ceremony in cardiff .
there 's a lot of changes to the education system in england 's schools , but how do it ?
former england and wales footballer gin ginsburg has accused the football association of ` ` breaking the law '' .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats has said he wants to win the welsh assembly election if he wins the contest .
a florida judge has ordered the arrest of a woman accused of perverting the course of justice .
a student accommodation campus in dorset has been given the go - ahead by the county council for planning permission .
a 12-year - old girl has been charged with animal cruelty after a dog was attacked by a dog .
wales midfielder joe allen says he is ` ` happy '' to sign a new contract with liverpool .
a southend united fan has been given a two - week suspended jail sentence after he admitted trying to cross the pitch .
a man accused of murdering his ex - boyfriend in a ` ` crossbow '' attack has told a jury he was ` ` scared '' .
india 's prime minister has said she is ` ` shocked '' that the family of a woman raped in the city of mumbai .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day higher , with mining companies seeing the ftse 100 higher .
the peruvian capital , limavady , has opened its doors to the public for the first time .
salford red devils have confirmed they will leave the club at the end of the season , the club have confirmed .
the european union has been reacting to the outcome of the referendum on the uk 's eu referendum .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has upheld the suspension of south sudan 's all - ireland football squad for the 2017 africa cup of nations .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a suspected arson attack .
a hospital 's accident and emergency department has been criticised by the welsh government 's chief executive .
a father accused of causing a toddler to death by careless driving has told a court he was ` ` too drunk '' .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to a closely watched survey .
a man who stabbed his wife to death at a tube station has been given a suspended prison sentence .
the cost of premier league football has risen to a record low , but it 's not easy to see the price of tickets .
some of the world 's most famous animals have been born at a zoo in cape town in south africa .
two men have been rescued from a cargo ship off the coast of cornwall , the coastguard has said .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says his side are ` ` in the dark '' after their 2 - 1 defeat by leicester .
green party leader caroline lucas has said she is ` ` confident '' her party will not be able to negotiate a deal with the eu .
when ryan ryan was caught in new zealand on drugs charges , he thought he was going to be cocaine .
the number of mortgages in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to surveyors .
the uk 's first electric car is to be sold by the end of the year , the company has said .
human remains have been found on a stretch of the m5 in shropshire , police have said , following the discovery of a skull .
police in australia say they have found the bodies of three dogs that were found in a greyhound park .
a project to improve the mental health of young people with mental health problems has been launched by scientists .
northampton town football club has agreed a deal to buy a new stadium for the rest of the season .
dumfries and galloway council has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the local authority .
more than 1,000 teachers have been banned from taking part in the last five years , figures have shown .
house prices in england and wales have fallen to their lowest level since 2010 , according to official figures .
the son of a soldier who died during an sas selection exercise has told an inquest he was ` ` not aware '' .
vietnam 's former prime minister , nguyen phela , has visited a remote country in the north - west of the country .
kumar sangakkara 's unbeaten century helped durham to a draw with warwickshire at chester - le - street .
work is to start on a # 2.5 m student accommodation at a county durham farm , which was due to start next month .
ten - man guiseley came from behind to beat dover and move into the national league relegation zone .
uganda 's former prime minister yoweri museveni has been sworn in as a candidate for president yoweri museveni .
a heritage trust has resigned from the site of a project to make it more than # 1 m .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a flat in aberdeen .
russian president vladimir putin has apologised for saying that the soviet union is ` ` absolutely committed '' .
police investigating the rape of a 15-year - old girl in greater manchester have released cctv images of a man they want to trace .
bonfires are being investigated by police in northern ireland over a bonfire that caused bonfires in belfast .
sainsbury 's has said it will cut the price of unilever -lrb- ppg -rrb- from tesco and tesco .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has resigned , the bbc understands .
teachers at northern ireland 's largest teaching union have said they are ` ` disappointed '' that a pay rise in the number of teachers being paid .
the head of prisons in england and wales has called for a ` ` radical overhaul '' of the law .
virgin media has said it is ` ` appalled '' that a network of pirated pirated websites has been hacked .
it 's one of the world 's best - loved children , but it 's been a bit different .
conservationists in hong kong have warned that a new species of endangered birds could be extinct in asia .
nurses in scotland are facing a ` ` crisis '' because of a shortage of nurses , a union has warned .
a police officer accused of killing a man in custody was ` ` unlawfully '' , a court has heard .
britain 's andy murray says he is ` ` very happy '' to return to the world rankings after winning the atp world tour finals .
the son of ex - president emmanuel macron has been found dead at a french embassy in paris .
work has begun on a major road in ayrshire after a lorry crashed into a block of flats .
nicola adams says she is ` ` shocked '' by the ban on women 's super - middleweight boxing in leeds .
lionel messi scored twice as brazil beat mexico 2 - 0 to reach the semi - finals of the world cup .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has banned two russian athletes from competing at the rio olympics .
oscar - winning director ben affleck has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be given the chance to return to the film .
glamorgan kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals with a five - wicket victory over glamorgan at taunton .
thousands of people have taken part in the glasgow international festival to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the london marathon .
league one side colchester united have signed former aston villa and huddersfield defender liam kelly on a two - year deal .
a 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a schoolboy at a aberdeen school .
google has announced it will launch a range of smartwatches in the uk , the company has announced .
the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to official figures .
belfast city council has lost its appeal against a high court ruling that a loyalist flag was ` ` unlawful '' .
us singer chris brown has been shot and killed by a gunman at a concert in san francisco .
one of the uk 's most endangered species has been diagnosed with the disease , according to scientists .
children in the uk are more likely to eat weight loss than their parents , a study suggests . .
manchester united moved up to second in the premier league with a hard - fought win over leicester .
the national living standards authority -lrb- ecb -rrb- has said it is ` ` not good enough '' for people living in england .
reading have signed reading midfielder ryan hodson on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
wayne rooney says he is ` ` not sure '' wayne rooney can return to the england squad .
middlesex reached the t20 blast quarter - finals for the first time in their history by beating hampshire .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a crash at a music festival in north - west london .
jeremy corbyn 's leadership has been criticised by the labour party 's anti - semitism watchdog .
the church of scotland is to hold a special meeting to discuss the future of its clergy at holyrood .
scientists say they have found a new way to stop the use of plastic bottles that can help them avoid a chemical .
police in indian - administered kashmir have arrested a priest in connection with an anti - government protest .
more than half of uk students in the uk should vote to leave the european union , a study suggests .
a county antrim primary school teacher has been cleared of abusing a 15-year - old girl .
a british woman who refused to travel to syria to join the us has had her visa revoked , the foreign office has said .
the uk government 's plan to build a new power station in the north sea was ` ` unacceptable '' , a report has found .
the wealth of young people in the uk are at risk of living , according to a new report .
great britain 's laura trott won the women 's road race at the british track cycling championships .
a police officer has been jailed for four years for attempting to steal a man 's car in reading .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro is on the verge of a crackdown on the armed forces of the military .
keaton jennings has been named in england 's one - day squad for this summer 's one - day series against pakistan .
a swansea hotel has been restored to the city of culture in the south of england after more than 50 years .
a man 's body has been found at a house in rhondda cynon taff .
the mayor of cambridge has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about poland 's ` ` racist '' behaviour .
at least 15 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
a group of muslim muslims have been forced to leave their homes in the us state of california after a racist attack .
convicted sex offender ian gough has been granted permission to appeal against his conviction for wearing shorts in prison .
a grade ii - listed castle in bournemouth is set to reopen next year as part of a # 6 m redevelopment .
police in north - east england say they are investigating a child 's child 's disappearance .
a former labour mp has been re - elected as labour 's candidate in cardiff and cardiff .
in the space of 24 hours , a group of cricket fans in the south of the united states -lrb- waca -rrb- are taking a look at the moment .
a man has been arrested in china on suspicion of carrying out a bomb on a heathrow airport .
cardiff devils head coach danny thompson says the elite league play - offs could be a ` ` disaster '' for his side 's elite league play - off final .
libya 's foreign office has suspended foreign office staff from its embassy in libya because of security concerns .
a man has died after falling from a flat in nottingham , police have said , with the death of a man .
a 48-hour tube strike is to be extended in a dispute over pay and conditions , the bbc understands .
an mp has been awarded the bbc 's sports personality of the year award for the first time .
more than 1,000 people have been arrested on suspicion of using radio and radio 4 's -lrb- 8,000 km -rrb- to be allowed to return to the uk .
newport gwent dragons head coach tony mowbray says the club will be ` ` desperate '' to avoid relegation .
a man has been jailed for raping a woman in a ` ` cowardly '' attack .
crystal palace manager sam allardyce says he is ` ` happy '' to keep his side in the premier league .
a priest accused of sexually abusing two boys has told a court he had sex with a boy .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning of rain in northern ireland .
a 15-year - old boy from leeds has been arrested in connection with the kidnap of a teenager in syria .
al - qaeda leader al - shabab al - shabab is in a remote town in south - eastern ethiopia .
a mental health ward has been detained by police in devon and cornwall , the chief inspector of constabulary has said .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in greater manchester .
apple has lost its appeal against the us supreme court of appeal over the iphone of iphones and ipad .
nhs highland 's chief executive has been criticised for failing to properly investigate patient safety in the nhs .
lib dem leader nick clegg has said his party is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the uk 's membership of the european union .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win the men 's 4,000 m world championships .
a man has admitted killing a woman in a ` ` vicious '' attack on her pet dog .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod wedi cael ei ddiweddol yn dilyn yn cael ei ddiweddaraf .
aljaz bedene says he will not be allowed to play in great britain 's davis cup squad .
hibernian manager alan stubbs says the club 's promotion to the scottish premiership would be a ` ` disaster '' .
the government 's top civil servant , nick clegg , has told bbc newsnight that the uk should pay more than # 100,000 a year for discrimination .
sir nicholas curzon has been awarded the uk 's most prestigious film awards for the first time .
west ham have completed the signing of west ham striker luis suarez from west ham for an undisclosed fee .
the snp 's manifesto for holyrood has been announced by the party 's mps .
the president of brazil 's lower house of congress , dilma rousseff , has been acquitted of insulting the government .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a gang of men in north belfast .
ukip wales leader nigel farage has confirmed he will stand down as leader of the welsh liberal democrats .
a soldier who died while on an sas selection exercise died from ` ` multiple injuries '' , an inquest has heard .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- have agreed a deal to deal with paramilitary groups .
a court in india has ordered an indian court to pay $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- to the owner of an indian company .
lancashire have re - signed england under-19 international adam peat on a two - year deal .
india is one of the world 's best - known artists , but it is also worth more than $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.6 m -rrb- .
hearts have completed the signing of former hearts and hearts defender aristote nsiala for an undisclosed fee .
businesses should be able to access the uk 's largest online marketplace , a think tank has said .
taliban fighters have killed at least 15 people in a village in north - west afghanistan , officials say .
the european court of human rights has ruled that a privacy case against facebook is ` ` not acceptable '' .
a british man jailed in iran for spying has been released on bail , the us state news agency has said .
one of the uk 's most endangered birds has hatched at a nature reserve in the highlands .
aldershot came from behind to beat eastleigh and move into the national league play - off places .
a number of schools in northern ireland are being investigated by the department for education -lrb- ea -rrb- .
the father of a man who died after being hit by a motorbike has been given a suspended sentence .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have written to the prime minister calling for the government to intervene in the badger cull .
a man 's body has been found in a street in glasgow , police have said , after a body was found .
a celtic fan has pleaded not guilty to making offensive behaviour towards celtic fans during the scottish cup final .
all photographs courtesy of the aurora borealis -lrb- wmas -rrb- have gone on display in manchester .
a woman who stabbed her ex - girlfriend to death in a care home has been jailed for life .
apple has said it will stop selling adverts to users of its smart speakers , in a bid to stop them being hacked .
a search is under way for the remains of one of the world 's most famous abbeys .
the chief inspector of prisons in england and wales has warned that the prison service is ` ` too dangerous '' .
a man has admitted setting fire at a flat in dartford , devon , leaving a man with severe burns .
the number of people living in a bus stop in south - west london has risen , according to a poll .
star trek actor paul kirku has said he is ` ` happy '' to return to the cast of the star wars films .
former home secretary michael gove has said he is ` ` disappointed '' he will not resign as labour leader .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van on the a74 in devon .
nasa is preparing to send a robot to mars on the surface of the moon , but it is now going to make it easier .
scotland centre ben jones has signed a two - year contract extension to keep him at edinburgh until the end of the 2018 season .
the police ombudsman 's chief constable has called for an independent review into allegations of historical abuse .
wikileaks founder julian assange has called for an inquiry into the sexual assault of julian assange .
england test captain alastair cook made his first county championship century of the season on day two against hampshire .
former chinese vice - president and vice - president mike pence has been released from prison , his lawyer has said .
sir bradley wiggins has been voted great britain 's first olympic gold medal in the rio olympics .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for northern ireland to be issued .
hurricane matthew has been hit by hurricane matthew , the us and northern hemisphere , as hurricane matthew sweeps across the atlantic .
league one side peterborough united have signed peterborough united midfielder matt crooks on loan until the end of the season .
in the wake of the cybersecurity world , there 's a lot of cybercrime .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged with the murder of a 15-year - old boy who was stabbed to death in north london .
britain 's kell brook will defend his ibf super - middleweight title against saul ` canelo ' alvarez in sheffield .
a man who murdered his ex - girlfriend has been found guilty of the murder of her ex - girlfriend .
scientists say they have developed a genetic code that can identify people with parkinson 's disease as well as dying .
tens of thousands of indian women have taken part in this year 's indian state of tamil nadu .
scotland 's culture minister has said she is ` ` disappointed '' that a glasgow nightclub will not be closed .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes believes the scottish cup will be a ` ` massive achievement '' .
scotland 's health minister is to meet to discuss plans to cut staffing at the royal college of nursing .
world cup - winning coach stuart lancaster has left his role as head coach of the national team .
great britain 's lionhearts won the bbl trophy for the second time in a row with a 3 - 1 win over colombia .
a man who wants to spend more than # 1,000 a week to help save money is being sought by the scottish government .
a 24-hour strike by southern rail conductors has been called off by the rmt union .
german prime minister benjamin netanyahu and german chancellor angela merkel are among the victims of the berlin bombing .
the mother of a toddler who died after being hit by a car has called for tougher sentences .
archaeologists say they have found the remains of stonehenge to the site of a roman stone site .
a man has died in a fire at a house in ballymena , county londonderry .
a display of ceramic poppies is to go on display for the first time in more than 20 years .
haiti 's former president , jean - claude juncker , has been released on bail .
the uk 's european union has warned that the european union could be forced to leave the eu .
the isle of man is to become the uk 's first internet - style internet - connected broadband network .
new york city council should be given the green light to build more than 1,000 new homes , according to a report .
turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan has declared the country 's most populous state .
northampton town manager northampton town says he is ` ` not happy '' after making his debut for the club .
here 's a look at the results of this year 's general election , which will decide who will run the country .
highland council has announced plans to build a new campus in the caithness area of wick .
petrol prices in the uk fell by 0.5 % in march , according to the latest figures .
romania 's fed cup captain ilie nastase has been suspended by the international tennis federation -lrb- itf -rrb- .
an area of pembrokeshire is to be transformed into a national park as part of a # 3.5 m project .
northern ireland 's first minister has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the health and social care system .
chinese car giant baidu has announced that it is investing $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- in the us .
jockey ap mccoy has been named as the winner of this year 's cheltenham festival for the first time .
shakespeare 's ` ` old vic '' could be the subject of a theatre - goersing study .
plans to introduce a new abortion in england and wales have been backed by the house of commons in the commons .
the population of women in india is at its highest level since the recession , according to a new study .
a group of conservationists has called for a review into the future of wild lynx in the uk .
snp leader nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the snp 's response to the scottish independence referendum .
a volcano has erupted in iceland after a volcano erupted in the island of lesbos on saturday . '
mps have voted in favour of plans to increase the number of public sector workers in england and wales .
protesters in the venezuelan capital caracas have clashed with police in the capital , caracas , in a day of protests .
it 's just a few weeks since donald trump won the us presidential nomination , but there 's no chance to make it easier .
royal mail has warned of a ` ` challenging '' brexit plan to cut the number of post - brexit postal deliveries .
a teenager has been given a suspended jail term for defrauding the life of a schoolgirl who was jailed for fraud .
tens of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for president vladimir putin to stand for election in russia .
hundreds of mexican students have marched through the streets of mexico to protest against the government 's handling of the killings .
the football association 's chief constable has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about child abuse in football .
more than 1,000 households in the us have been told to boil their homes after drinking water .
it 's been a week since the start of the russian presidential election , but there 's plenty of words .
police in mexico say they have found two houses hidden in a house in the grounds of a house .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in middlesbrough .
the remains of a stonehenge tunnel thought to be the oldest in britain have been discovered by archaeologists .
the leader of the far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , marine le pen , is to step down as leader of far - right freedom party .
hundreds of people have been killed and dozens injured in a suspected gas explosion in mexico 's capital , san diego .
the international women 's rights commission -lrb- icc -rrb- has launched a campaign to promote women 's equality .
britain 's nicola adams will defend her ibf super - middleweight title in mexico on saturday .
plans to demolish a powys town centre have been given the go - ahead by councillors .
ross county midfielder ross davies has extended his contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .
a memorial to the victims of the manchester bombing is to be unveiled in lincolnshire , organisers say .
an inquest into the death of a teenage boy who was shot by a soldier has heard that the inquest into his death could have been avoided .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in flintshire have made a fresh appeal to trace her missing mother .
a bus company in ceredigion is to close with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
the house of lords has been given a ` ` green light '' in a bid to reduce the number of high - profile councils in england .
teachers in wales are being urged to do more to ensure they are taught in the next five years .
a team of scientists say they have found a new way to study the brain 's brains of brain activity .
a man has been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of terror offences , police have said , as part of an investigation .
plans for a wind farm on the outskirts of rochdale have been approved by the county council for the first time .
pupils at a swansea school have been given the go - ahead by the fire and rescue service .
carlos tevez has completed his move to manchester city from atletico madrid for a fee believed to be about # 10 m .
scottish conservative leader jim macpherson has been left ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish parliament 's governing body .
a study of people who live in their car has found that they have a healthy risk of obesity .
a study of fish has found that people in plymouth are more likely to have a greater impact on fish .
a new app has been launched to speed up the number of new cars on the roads in new york .
a florida man has been found guilty of the murder of his wife , who shot him in florida .
tributes have been paid to david bowie 's father david bowie , who has died aged 84 .
the football association of england -lrb- fab -rrb- has appointed its new chief executive .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers kenya 's future as a political crisis .
the prime minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that some of cornwall 's most popular newspapers were not broadcast .
the chief executive of wales ' biggest health board has been named as the new chief executive in australia .
it 's been the world 's biggest football tournament , and it 's the world cup .
england and lithuania have been charged by uefa after crowd trouble at euro 2016 was marred by crowd trouble .
bosses at itv have voted in favour of industrial action in a row over pay and conditions , the company has said .
the government has announced plans to limit the number of disabled and disabled people eligible for disability benefit payments .
leicester tigers have signed leicester tigers fly - half ben cockerill on a two - year deal .
singapore 's national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- has released its first video of the game .
a body has been recovered from the river nith in dumfries and galloway , police have said .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as portugal came from behind to beat portugal in the world cup .
the premier league is to broadcast live television rights for the first time this season , bbc sport has learned .
a company has been awarded # 1.6 m in damages from the company behind the # 1.5 m motorway project .
scotland 's schools are struggling to cope with the pressure on teachers , according to a survey by the scottish government .
a college has been told it will close its doors and job losses as part of a restructuring plan .
paris 's bastille tower has reopened after more than 100 people were killed in attacks in paris .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has warned us president - elect donald trump that the us will not be able to spend the next two years .
two british muslim women have been abducted in northern syria by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants , officials say .
the demolition of the new york mansion is set to be completed by the end of the year , the company has announced .
championship side leyton orient have re - signed sweden international defender patrick roberts on a two - year deal .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has told the party 's welsh conference that it would be ` ` disastrous '' for wales .
plymouth argyle manager graham westley says his side 's poor start to the season is a ` ` massive achievement '' .
a company has been fined # 50,000 after a worker fell into a warehouse in county tyrone .
star wars : the force awakens has said it is ` ` extremely disappointing '' that the film 's release of a new film .
scientists say they have found a new way to identify birds of prey on the planet 's surface .
the department for education -lrb- dw -rrb- has apologised to the department of education in england over the next five years .
labour 's shadow cabinet minister has called for a vote on the uk 's membership of the european union .
widnes head coach widnes says his side 's poor start to the season is ` ` not good enough '' .
london 2012 gold medallist libby clegg will be the first british athlete to compete at the ipc athletics world championships .
one of northern ireland 's largest companies has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in the republic of ireland .
glasgow warriors have re - signed glasgow warriors full - back sam mellor on a two - year deal .
league one side gillingham have signed millwall left - back james collins on loan until the end of the season .
west brom manager tony pulis says he is ` ` proud '' of the club 's premier league survival hopes .
the body of a man has been found in a wooded area in derbyshire , police have said , after a body was found .
the us government has unveiled a plan to cut the amount of food prices in the us , as it tries to tackle climate change .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the prime minister 's decision to leave the eu .
swansea city have sold their stake in the premier league club for # 1.5 m , bbc wales understands .
a man has been banned from driving for three years after driving at least two people in aberdeenshire .
a man has been charged with the murder of a dorset businessman whose body was found in a river .
a man has been charged with the murder of a prison officer who was found dead in his cell .
national league side dover athletic have signed midfielder matt o'brien on a two - year deal .
the conservatives say they will have to pay more than # 1,000 a year to help save money .
the bank of england has cut its benchmark interest rate for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis .
scammers are being targeted by fraudsters as part of a scheme aimed at tackling fraudsters .
brexit secretary theresa may has told the bbc that the uk will not be able to leave the european union .
one of the world 's most famous buildings has been given the go - ahead for the first time .
newcastle falcons head coach rob baxter says his side 's poor start to the season is ` ` not good enough '' .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
a review into the circumstances surrounding the death of a man who was stabbed to death in prison has concluded he will not be prosecuted .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell to a record high on friday , boosted by mining companies .
a man has been seriously injured after a car crashed into a tree and hit a tree in birmingham .
a 29-year - old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of stephen hazzard .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called for an end to the country 's drought , saying the country is ` ` too dangerous '' .
the uk government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the european union .
a vigil has been held in memory of a polish man who was killed in a fight in norfolk .
the death of a woman whose body was found in a flat in south - west london was a ` ` disaster '' , an inquest has heard .
a bride has been reunited with her wedding ring after she was hit by a lorry in a tunnel .
welsh mountain bike rider elfyn evans has missed out on a place in the second round of the welsh rally championship .
plans to redevelop part of a liverpool park have been given the go - ahead .
more than 200 passengers were evacuated from a shetland airport after a technical fault .   's flights were cancelled .
snp leader alex salmond has told the bbc that the snp would ` ` get a better job '' if it votes for independence .
league one side wigan athletic have re - signed ross county midfielder liam lindsay on a two - year deal .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a motorist by dangerous driving .
police in glasgow say they are ` ` absolutely committed '' to the city council 's plans to introduce a new cemetery .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the queen 's airport .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with shares in royal mail reported a rise in profits .
a former newcastle united and newcastle united footballer is to stand trial accused of fraud and money laundering offences .
linfield boss david healy says his side 's premiership title hopes will be a ` ` huge blow '' for the premiership title .
northern ireland 's ian hutchinson continued his impressive start to the season with victory at the isle of man tt .
championship side wolves have re - signed defender grant mackie from championship rivals nottingham forest for an undisclosed fee .
the rugby football union says it is ` ` very difficult '' to provide a new six - team rugby league system for england .
disney is to release a remake of the cult sci - fi series , which will be released in the us .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a bar in paisley .
university lecturers in the uk have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that he will not sell the firm 's shares in golf .
world champion taylor swift has announced his retirement from the sport at the 2018 winter olympics in sochi .
arsenal ladies have signed england under-19 international striker rachel yankey on a two - year deal .
bbc scotland 's john macgrew has joined the show 's voice of the edinburgh fringe .
leigh griffiths says celtic 's champions league final win over celtic was the ` ` best team in europe '' .
the us state of louisiana has declared a state of emergency after heavy rain caused severe flooding and flooding .
brazil striker carlos kaka has been recalled to the copa america squad for next month 's africa cup of nations .
us singer dolly parton has topped the us box office chart for the first time in more than two years .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a man who was shot dead in a motorway crash in west yorkshire .
one of the world 's most famous pilots is to step down from australia 's fleet of boeing .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has condemned protests in istanbul as a result of protests against the government .
a former nhs boss has admitted defrauding a woman out of more than # 1,000 from the nhs .
a 25-year - old man has been charged in connection with an alleged sexual assault in edinburgh .
` ` i do n't know that i ' m going to die , '' says a county armagh man who was caught in the river foyle .
a denbighshire council boss is suing a council for # 20,000 in damages from his wife 's solicitor .
in the aftermath of nepal 's devastating earthquake , the world 's worst outbreak of the country is a huge problem .
payday lender wonga has been fined # 1.5 m by the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- .
welsh triathlon champion lizzie armitstead will compete in this year 's world triathlon series in rio .
ellie downie has won this year 's mercury prize , winning the prize at the brit awards .
gordon strachan has been ruled out of scotland 's world cup qualifying campaign with a hamstring injury .
south africa 's second - quarter profits have hit a record high in the first half of the year .
thailand 's lower house of parliament has voted in favour of ousted prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
a decision on whether to build a multimillion - pound port of newport is to be delayed .
britain 's jack laugher won the men 's race at the uci track cycling world cup in abu dhabi .
mo farah won the men 's 4,000 m at the diamond league meeting in doha to become the first british athlete to win the world championships .
british number one johanna konta will play johanna konta in the first round of the aegon international on wednesday .
the world 's largest economy grew by 0.6 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day higher , with mining shares seeing a rise in the pound .
a scheme to cut free school meals for children in blackpool has been criticised by a study of the year .
a court in india has sentenced two men to life in prison for plotting a train to death in the capital , delhi .
a man has been found guilty of terrorism offences , the high court has ruled .   's case .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he wants to be the next leader of the scottish parliament .
scotland 's energy regulator has launched a new scheme aimed at reducing the price of energy bills for consumers .
the co - operative and co - op has been fined # 3.5 m by the competition regulator .
the irish cricket council -lrb- cbt -rrb- has confirmed it is looking to appoint a new head coach .
afghanistan 's president ashraf ghani says he is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by the recent rape of his wife .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader arlene foster has announced she is to stand down .
former plaid cymru leader barry simpson has been re - elected as plaid cymru 's leader .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is ` ` confident '' that the uk will vote to leave the european union .
highland council has submitted a planning application for a housing development on the site of a new home in the highlands .
chesterfield have re - signed defender nathan blissett on loan until the end of the season after his release by chesterfield .
the inaugural women 's champions trophy will be broadcast live on bbc sport in 2019 , it has been announced .
it 's almost a decade since a world war two , but it was n't a dream .
the government 's flagship rail system is worth more than # 1.5 bn -lrb- $ 1.3 bn ; # 1.3 bn -rrb- , but it is not easy to see how much of the network is run .
the czech government says it has recovered more than 1,000 foreign workers from a libyan oil refinery .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's 2 - 1 win over west ham at old trafford .
saracens have signed fly - half nick browne on a two - year deal from next season .
jo pavey won the women 's 4x100 m springboard at the european championships in glasgow .
plaid cymru 's leanne wood has said the welsh government should do more to tackle extremism in wales .
samsung 's galaxy note 7 smartphones may not be refunded , but it does n't have a problem .
a teenage motorcyclist has had his legs amputated after a crash at the wheel .
lego has been named the uk 's best film of the year at this year 's bp film awards .
it 's been a year since the steel crisis that has left port talbot and port vale of port talbot for decades .
two sheep have been stolen from a carmarthenshire road after being found on a cycle path .
people living in wales are being urged to spend more than # 1 m on a new # 3.5 m scheme .
manchester united 's fa cup first - round tie at cambridge united ended in defeat at cambridge .
it 's been a bit of a type of crocodiles , but it was n't a bit like it .
walsall came from behind to beat league one strugglers walsall and move up to third in league one .
the uk 's construction sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to official figures .
some of the world 's most endangered species have been discovered in cambodia , according to a new study .
aberystwyth university is to receive # 2.5 m of funding from the university of ceredigion .
a woman has been stolen from a concert in sunderland after being stolen by a group of people , police have said .
the metropolitan police has launched a new initiative aimed at tackling hate crime in the wake of the london attacks .
a teacher has appeared in court charged with making threats against a schoolgirl who was planning a terrorist attack .
nicole kidman has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the west end stage show 's ` ` most famous '' .
police have appealed for witnesses after a children 's nursery was attacked in newtownards , county down .
two men have been arrested in oxford on suspicion of conspiracy to commit acts of drugs and drugs offences .
a council has backed a plan to install cameras on a river in oxford to try to find them .
former tv presenter lord sugar has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the bbc 's tv programme .
british olympic silver medallist lee miller has announced he will retire from racing at the end of the season .
an investigation into the deaths of patients at a hospital was ` ` inadequate '' , a report has found .
a ` ` horrendous '' portrait of a woman found in grimsby has been revealed .
a man has been arrested after he was caught by police trying to steal a tractor from a reservoir .
graeme mcdowell carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the qatar masters .
french president francois hollande has ordered an arrest warrant for a man accused of terrorism offences in paris .
portadown have been given a two - match touchline ban by the irish football association .
britain 's andy murray reached the semi - finals of the australian open with a straight - set win over tomas berdych .
the bbc has announced it will launch a new service in the south korean capital , kuala lumpur , in a bid to boost the workforce .
scientists say they have developed a new type of heart attack that could prevent heart attacks and heart attacks .
two teenage girls have been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year - old girl in berkshire .
a memorial to a police officer killed in the westminster attack has been unveiled in memory of officers killed .
a man has appeared in court after a fire broke out at a house in rhondda cynon taff .
chris and gabby adcock are aiming for a place in the badminton world championships in glasgow on saturday .
celtic produced a superb performance to beat aberdeen and reach the semi - finals of the scottish cup .
juventus moved three points clear at the top of serie a with a hard - fought win over genoa .
albania 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the women 's world cup were dented by serbia .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in leicester 's annual pride festival , organisers say .
amazon is to pay a subscription service for its content on its tv screens , the bbc has announced .
a metal detectorist has been sold at auction for more than # 20,000 at auction .
welsh researchers have launched a bid to produce a genetically modified insect -lrb- gm -rrb- that can be tested in cardiff .
human remains have been found in a block of flats in the isle of man , police have said .
police have appealed for help in tracing a woman who has been missing since a night out in bristol .
jonathan rea extended his lead at the top of the world superbike standings to nine points after finishing second in sunday 's race at brands hatch .
the royal mail is the most important issue in the uk , but it is n't the most common issue of the law .
an mp has called for a public inquiry into the deaths of two men who died in a sheffield park .
england were beaten by south africa in the second one - day international of the second test in cape town .
the parents of a 14-year - old girl who was sexually assaulted in chicago say they are ` ` disgusted '' by the incident .
hollywood actor sir george clooney is to be honoured with a visit to edinburgh later this year .
celtic 's europa league hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by hamilton academical .
it was n't just a few months ago , when you had a little bit of a lot of conversation .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the murder of jean mcconville .
wales scrum - half owen wood says he is determined to make his six nations debut against wales on saturday .
a woman who died after a caesarean caesarean section was not given a caesarean section because she had not given birth , a coroner has ruled .
a man has gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle cannabis into the uk , a court has heard .
warwickshire kept their hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals alive with a draw at edgbaston .
ireland beat south africa by eight wickets in the one - day international in cape town to win the one - day series .
brazil legend maria sharapova has become the first woman to score the world 's best - known sports personality of the year .
police in newtownabbey , county down , say they have found a young boy with a 3d printer .
a man had to be rescued from a burning flat in coventry after a suspected drug dealer was thrown into the floor .
the nhs in england will be able to use a new drug to prevent it being used by the nhs .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was dragged into a house in newcastle , police say .
formula 1 bosses have rejected a proposal to introduce red bull 's drivers for the next two years .
double olympic champion laura massaro has announced her retirement from badminton at the age of 37 , her family have confirmed .
plans to build a new bridge in reading have been unveiled by the council of england and the council .
the company that owns bhs is to cut 1,000 pension schemes , the company has announced .
a new ` ` stench '' has been discovered in the royal botanic garden of edinburgh . ''
south african athlete oscar pistorius has said he is ` ` devastated '' after being convicted of the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group have signed a new peace agreement with the farc rebels .
more than # 1,000 has been spent on tickets at a birmingham college , it has emerged .
two men have been reported missing from a tree in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
a ` ` major '' link between london and london has been closed for more than a year , transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said .
it 's been described as the ` ` best place in the world 's history '' .
wales manager chris coleman says gareth bale will be fit for saturday 's world cup qualifier against serbia .
jockey frankie dettori was knocked out of the punchestown grand prix by the jockey in the second round at royal ascot .
the uk 's first tidal energy supplier has been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has launched legal action against three men accused of being part of a multi - million pound contract .
broadcaster sir terry wogan has paid tribute to bbc radio 4 's longest - serving presenter , who died aged 84 .
a ukip mep has been expelled from the party after being accused of illegally entering the uk .
leicester city boss claudio ranieri says the premier league is ` ` not good enough '' for his side to win the champions league .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- drivers have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
newport gwent dragons director of rugby andrew davies has said he is ` ` confident '' newport county will use the pitch .
egypt 's supreme court has overturned a ruling that ousted president hosni mubarak and ordered him to step down .
the search and rescue service for the missing raf base in gwynedd has been launched by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
pakistan is to send troops to afghanistan to help fight the taliban , the afghan military has said , amid a diplomatic row .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in the scottish borders .
a man who sexually assaulted a 15-year - old girl while on duty has been jailed for 12 years .
a labour mp has apologised for saying israel is ` ` absolutely committed '' to israel .
derbyshire chief executive mark wilson says the county will not be able to play in the t20 blast quarter - finals .
finland is set to become the first country in the uk to offer more money from the european union .
scotland 's medal haul at the rio olympics is a huge boost for team gb at the 2016 olympics .
egypt 's president hosni mubarak has been celebrating his first day of campaigning in the capital cairo .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been diagnosed with a stroke , the duke of edinburgh has confirmed .
former liverpool and england captain steven gerrard has been named as the new manager of the premier league club .
physiotherapist huw jenkins has been diagnosed with a rare form of skin cancer .
a man has died after being found with stab wounds at a house in greater manchester , police have said .
labour 's kezia dugdale has won the scottish labour party 's seat in cardiff city .
scientists say they have found a new species of fish that can be extinct in the region of madagascar .
johnny depp 's wife has been sentenced to two years in prison for divorce , a court has heard .
the north wales metro should be devolved to the north of england , the first minister has said .
china 's manufacturing sector rebounded in august , boosted by a slowdown in manufacturing activity in china .
everton are planning to build a new stadium on the outskirts of liverpool , the city 's mayor has said .
partick thistle manager alan archibald has urged celtic to ` ` grow up '' in the scottish cup .
police have appealed for help in tracing a three - year - old boy who was reported missing from a west sussex town .
a man accused of trying to travel to syria to join so - called islamic state has appeared in court .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in the scottish borders , police have said .
former archbishop of canterbury lord nelson has said he is ` ` shocked '' about his treatment of terminal cancer .
arsenal moved into the women 's fa cup quarter - finals with a comfortable win over birmingham city .
five people have been injured and nine injured after a train derailed in california , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
us president donald trump has warned the us will not be able to spend $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3bn -rrb- on its peacekeeping mission .
the big brother show has been accused of ` ` offensive behaviour '' after viewers complained about homosexuality was banned .
the man who played a role in the bbc 's crime drama lord lee has died aged 84 .
wolves moved up to second in the premier league table with victory over middlesbrough at st james ' park .
malaysian police say they have foiled an attack on a restaurant in the city of bakrit .
the death of a cyclist who was hit by a lorry in south - west london has been described as ` ` inadequate '' .
the us supreme court has ruled that president barack obama 's healthcare bill is a step closer after the supreme court ruled it favours the law .
a crowdfunding campaign is to be held in newport to raise money for security at euro 2016 .
ronnie o'sullivan says he is ` ` proud '' of his snooker career after beating ronnie o'sullivan 6 - 4 in the world championship final .
a new study has found that the number of women born with vaccinations is likely to rise .
mae ' r heddlu ysgolion yng nghymru wedi dweud bod ysgolion yng nghaerdydd .
it 's been a year since england won the women 's super league at wembley on sunday .
thousands of people have attended a concert in the afghan capital , kabul , in what is believed to be a suicide bomber .
atletico madrid midfielder antoine griezmann will miss sunday 's champions league quarter - final against atletico madrid because of a knee injury .
former world number one tiger woods says he is ` ` devastated '' after being arrested for drink - driving .
a fox cub has been rescued by firefighters after being rescued from a pub in east lothian for the first time .
cheshire county council has suspended its chief executive after he was suspended by the county council for gross misconduct .
cardiff blues maintained their unbeaten start to the pro12 season with a hard - fought win over newport gwent dragons .
a man who was stopped at a mcdonald 's restaurant in west lothian has been refused a taxi .
an israeli court has ordered an australian judge to extradite a 14-year - old girl from israel to australia to extradite her .
the government 's new ` ` tree - proof '' trees should be built in england and wales , former environment secretary lord owen has said .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in dumfries have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
the uk ticket holder of the euromillions jackpot has been named the uk 's best ticket holder .
an indian man has offered a reward of $ 1,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- to help a young woman to marry her .
turkey 's foreign minister has said he will not accept $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- of aid to turkey , turkey and turkey .
-lrb- close -rrb- : japan 's main share index closed lower on friday , boosted by a stronger yen .
india 's central bank has warned that the country will not be able to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- for the country 's currency .
pakistan 's military says it is ` ` appalled '' by the recent attack on a military base in indian - administered kashmir .
eilish mccolgan says she is ` ` disappointed '' after winning the world triathlon series in abu dhabi .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in dublin .
some of birmingham 's most senior schools are to be investigated by the government over allegations of extremism .
a former council leader has lost his bid to overturn a total of thousands of pounds of fraud .
police searching for a man who went missing in inverness have released cctv images of a man they want to trace .
the leader of the crofting commission has said he is ` ` disappointed '' the scottish government 's handling of a dispute with the crofters .
spain 's prime minister mariano rajoy has said he will stand for the country 's second largest party in the country .
scientists at the university of glasgow say they have found a new way to understand why they are born .
a woman has died and two others have been injured in a two - vehicle crash in edinburgh .
nintendo has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its new video - streaming app has been hacked .
two of the world 's best - known boats are travelling to tanzania for the first time .
a police force has been criticised for failing to tackle child sexual exploitation in wales , a report has found .
mining giant bhp billiton has announced plans to cut 6,000 jobs as part of a restructuring of the mining industry .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a mother - of - three in nottinghamshire .
nato 's foreign minister has called for a ` ` fundamental solution '' to the ukraine crisis .
rock band u2 have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the band 's latest album .
britain won three golds in the women 's 10 km walk at the european championships in france .
ireland beat afghanistan by eight runs in the one - day cup in belfast to complete a 2 - 0 series win .
irish prime minister enda kenny has said the uk is ` ` absolutely committed '' to brexit .
a fire which broke out at a council 's recycling centre is to be demolished , it has emerged .
leicester city boss claudio ranieri has resigned as manager of the premier league club , saying it was ` ` impossible '' .
former us attorney general james comey is suing the us government for money laundering and money laundering .
scientists say they have found a gene that causes cancer to make it easier for patients to keep them alive .
a lawyer for the murder of a russian priest has called for a public inquiry to be held in moscow .
the prime minister has rejected calls for a new grammar school in kent to be given the go - ahead .
the scottish government is to invest # 1.5 m in a scheme to boost the housing market .
the death of a baby at a swansea hospital was ` ` unacceptable '' , a coroner has ruled .
` ` i am n't know that i ' ve been born , '' says gwynedd scientists .
sir bruce forsyth is to return to strictly come dancing next year , the show 's next contestant has announced .
labour has pledged to spend more than # 1bn on the welsh government 's plans for the next general election .
a former chief executive of japan 's biggest private company has been sentenced to six years in prison for corruption .
the uk 's forensic science and crime agency -lrb- fgm -rrb- has said it is ` ` very confident '' its investigations are needed .
a former soldier from carmarthenshire has been awarded france 's highest honour for his work .
one of japan 's best - known stars , the ice creamman , has made its debut in the japanese capital , delhi .
activity in the uk 's services sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to a closely watched survey .
england captain alastair cook says he is ` ` proud '' of his team - mate kevin pietersen .
tickets for this year 's bbc sports personality of the year 's world cup are to go on show in belfast .
germany reached the semi - finals of the copa del rey with a 2 - 0 win over mexico .
welsh cyclist becky sutton says she is ` ` devastated '' after suffering a serious knee injury in training .
west ham goalkeeper joe marr has been ruled out for up to eight weeks with a hamstring injury .
a hospital trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors for failing to improve its services .
the uk 's first mobile app is to be launched in hong kong , according to one of the world 's biggest tech firms .
dairy farmers in northern ireland are facing a pay rise in milk prices , the milk minister has said .
david cameron has announced plans to introduce free childcare in england , in a bid to tackle childcare .
a man has been banned from driving for three years for causing the death of a man by careless driving .
tennis star andy murray has said she is ` ` very happy '' to be married in the french capital .
wales scrum - half leigh halfpenny says the british and irish lions will be a ` ` great chance '' for the six nations .
the department for social housing -lrb- lccc -rrb- is to be given the go - ahead for a new housing scheme .
the number of jobs in the uk fell by 0.5 % in may , according to a closely watched survey .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city midfielder liam cooper on a one - month loan deal until the end of the season .
west ham 's bid to host the 2022 commonwealth games has been rejected by the high court .
floyd mayweather and ufc lightweight champion conor mcgregor will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on saturday .
huddersfield town manager david wagner has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club , the club have confirmed .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- is looking forward to the space station .
harry potter star alan shearer is to leave the show after a contract with the cast of the cast .
` ` i am n't do n't know what i ' ve done . ''
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old rugby player who died after a head injury suffered a cardiac arrest , an inquest has heard .
a rally has been held in the us city of arkansas for the first time in more than 20 years .
hundreds of thousands of workers at sports direct have attended a rally in protest at the company 's pay .
a man has died and two others have been injured in a two - vehicle crash in county antrim .
manchester city moved up to third in the women 's super league with a 2 - 0 win over danish side fc copenhagen .
scotland head coach vern cotter hailed his side 's ` ` incredible '' start to their six nations campaign with victory over japan .
michael gove has said he wants to stay in the race to become the next conservative candidate in the general election .
the number of sex offences recorded by police in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
two men have been jailed after cocaine with an estimated street value of # 2 m was seized in south wales .
pro - government protesters in the democratic republic of congo have called for a new anti - government protest in the capital .
the stormont executive has resigned after stormont 's power - sharing executive failed to agree a scheme .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of paris st - germain midfielder kevin de bruyne from psv eindhoven .
preston north end have signed striker jonny brown on a season - long loan deal from championship side barnsley .
the uk 's largest savings bank -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has said it will cut # 1.6 m in the first quarter of 2015 .
st johnstone goalkeeper craig strachan has signed a new three - year contract with the scottish premiership club .
it 's been a week since the scottish premiership 's financial crisis , but it was n't enough .
exeter 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by luton .
the jihadist group islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is reported to have seized control of the iraqi city of mosul .
a minute 's silence has been held across the uk to remember the victims of the paris attacks .
the number of dogs seized by police in north wales last year was a record high , figures have shown .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader has said she will not meet the dup and sinn [ UNK ] 's deputy first minister .
england captain eoin morgan says the one - day series between india and india is a ` ` huge opportunity '' for the series against india .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading share index ended the day lower as investors digest the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
crystal palace boss sam allardyce says he is ` ` very happy '' to sign ivory coast midfielder yaya toure .
a ` ` horrendous '' body has been found in a bristol park , police have said .
residents of a dorset village have said they are ` ` devastated '' after a lorry crashed into a tree .
it 's been a year since the start of the new year 's day of the year .
cornish pirates coach rob davies says his players were disappointed by his side 's poor start to the season .
the chief executive of the forth road bridge has told the bbc that the closure of the bridge is ` ` unacceptable '' .
the uk government has been accused of ` ` gross misconduct '' by the government over changes to pensions .
a ceremony is to be held in denbighshire as part of a new women 's day .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely disappointing '' that its search for the next generation of scientists is set to be completed .
saudi arabia is one of the world 's most popular oil producers , according to a report by the saudi government .
a car bomb has exploded in the somali capital , mogadishu , killing at least 11 people , police say .
dumfries and galloway council is to be given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
indian prime minister narendra modi has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his recent comments on twitter .
the family of a british holidaymaker who went missing in thailand say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
ballinamallard united have confirmed they will return to the irish premiership for next season after their relegation from the premiership .
flood alerts have been issued in parts of north wales after heavy rain and heavy rain caused flooding .
hull city council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about plans to build the m4 relief road .
south korea 's film festival is under way , but it is n't the worst thing in the world .
archaeologists in the vale of glamorgan have begun digging up the remains of one of the oldest graves in the uk .
scotland 's men 's hockey team are capable of reaching the hockey world league semi - finals , says head coach alan forsyth .
a british soldier has been killed in a us air strike in northern afghanistan , the us military has confirmed .
the winner of this year 's nobel prize for science fiction has won the prestigious award for literature .
us entrepreneur elon musk has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the recent explosion on the internet .
the funeral of a man found dead at a nursing home in county down has taken place in the republic of ireland .
the catholic church of northern ireland has paid tribute to the ` ` best - known woman '' who has died at the age of 89 .
a ` ` forgotten '' mural painted on a railway line has been restored after it was spotted .
labour has pledged to raise money for older people in care in england and wales as part of a # 3bn budget .
tony bellew and tony bellew have been left ` ` devastated '' by jeremy corbyn 's fight with tony bellew , says tony bellew .
hundreds of defibrillators have been donated to help people affected by a defibrillator .
fernando alonso has announced he will leave mclaren at the end of the season to become the first driver to replace him .
strathclyde university has apologised after a tweet apparently showing the names of celebrities .
iranian president hassan rouhani has arrived in paris for the first time in more than two decades .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has convicted the former president of the democratic republic of congo of congo .
the father of a japanese man who went missing last year has said he was ` ` shocked '' by his father 's death .
us singer - songwriter stimpsi has announced she will perform at this year 's cannes film festival .
the number of people dying from smokers in scotland has fallen by almost a third in a decade , according to a study .
a syrian woman who was killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has been reunited with her family .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in cambridgeshire more than 20 years ago .
scientists say they have found a way to save the life of a rare genetic condition that could help save the lives of cancer .
it 's been a week since george osborne 's death , but it 's not just a few days since his death .
the uk 's exit from the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' , according to a think tank .
a canadian car firm has launched a drive to create a new generation of cars and cars in canada .
swedish artist ai weiwei has said he is ` ` saddened '' by his decision to become the first briton to visit the city .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash with a car in the isle of man , police have said .
samit patel 's unbeaten century helped surrey fight back on day two against surrey at trent bridge .
a 16-year - old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in cardiff .
a man from isle of man has become the first person to live in the united states to raise awareness of social media .
technology giant zte has been fined $ 1.2 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.2 bn -rrb- by the us government for breaching sanctions against iran .
pope francis has called for an inquiry into the killing of two coptic christians by islamist militants in libya .
a non - league football fan has been arrested after a match between essex and essex was abandoned .
` ` it 's easy to get a job , '' says a former prison worker from leeds .
children in reading and reading are more likely to be taught about their children , a study has found .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to fall .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused donald trump of trying to reach a deal with iran , saying it was a ` ` disaster '' .
canada 's prime minister justin trudeau has said a canadian tourist was killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
vietnam 's prime minister narendra modd has died after receiving a complaint from facebook about facebook .
labour 's ed miliband has accused the snp of being ` ` bullied '' by the snp in the general election .
a report into the future of a nuclear power plant in gwynedd has been told it is ` ` very important '' .
a police force in durham is asking parents to keep their children in the hands of their own hands .
judo star stephanie inglis is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a head injury in vietnam .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found with head injuries in leeds .
a nepalese couple have been banned from climbing mount everest for refusing to climb mount everest , officials say .
the uk government has given the go - ahead to build a new nuclear power plant in somerset .
derby county manager chris hughton says he is happy with the club 's ability to reach the premier league .
more than 1,000 people in england and wales have voted to vote in the general election , figures show .
an inquest into the death of a man at a railway station in the us state of connecticut has been told he can not wait to see his life .
a strictly come dancing fan has been charged with assault after a night out in manchester , police say .
a couple who filmed themselves having sex with a police helicopter have been jailed for two years . ''
the us is to send more troops to afghanistan to help fight the taliban , the us defence secretary has said .
britain 's laura macall won olympic gold in the women 's 400 m at the rio olympics .
the mother of a man murdered by a man in greater manchester said he was ` ` shocked '' by the police .
the owner of a man who was attacked by a gang of men in belfast has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
north ferriby moved up to second in the national league with victory at home to north ferriby .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former forest green and bristol rovers midfielder matt green on a two - year deal .
irish marathon runner kerry o'donnell has become the first woman to walk in the marathon in ireland .
munster director of rugby andy murray has been suspended for two weeks after his side 's pro12 defeat by munster .
motherwell moved up to second in the premiership with a hard - fought win over dundee united .
a peregrine falcon has been restored to its owner after it was spotted in a gloucestershire village .
media in china 's north - east china region have published a picture of the sun , which appears to have sparked outrage .
it 's been a year since the tunisia beach attack that killed more than 1,000 people .
the us supreme court has ordered the construction of a controversial oil pipeline in north dakota to block the pipeline .
west brom boss tony pulis says the premier league title race is a ` ` huge '' for his side .
the editor of the sun newspaper has said she is ` ` appalled '' by the press standards watchdog 's handling of newspaper comments .
the nhs in england is to launch a new system to operate in the next five years , it has been announced .
the number of children in scotland has fallen by a third in the past year , according to a new report .
two british tourists have been sentenced to 12 years in jail for using a shipwreck in malaysia .
the battle between the two sides of the battle of the somme came to an end in the battle for the first time in almost 50 years .
the family of a bangladeshi man who went missing last year say they are ` ` desperate '' to return home .
a teenage soldier has been jailed for life for murdering her two - year - old daughter in a ` ` jealous rage '' .
the death of a man who died in a motorway crash was ` ` unacceptable '' , an inquest has heard .
plans to close a gwynedd secondary school in gwynedd have been rejected by the council .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a crash in bangor , county down .
a group of volunteers are being sought to help save the life of snowdonia 's mountain .
a scottish doctor has revealed her first child to be born with a rare form of cancer in edinburgh .
leicester city boss craig shakespeare says he is ` ` very happy '' to take charge of leicester city .
hundreds of people have attended a memorial to mp jo cox to raise money for her husband 's funeral .
an exhibition of adolf hitler 's birthplace has opened in warsaw to mark the centenary of the nazi death camp .
two police officers have been airlifted to hospital after an incident involving two female officers at a perth hospital .
republican front - runner donald trump has said he will not stand for the republican nomination if he wins the presidential nomination .
perthshire 's high street is to close its doors for the first time in five years , it has been announced .
the indonesian parliament has voted to elect a new president for the first time in more than two years .
former fifa president sepp blatter has said he will step down as president of the governing body fifa .
a judge in germany has ordered the release of two prominent human rights activists accused of crimes against humanity .
police in south africa have released cctv images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the fatal shooting of a man .
wigan athletic came from behind to beat colchester and move into the league one play - off places with victory at colchester .
wasps moved up to second in the premiership table with a hard - fought victory over bottom club bath .
millwall moved up to second in the championship with a hard - fought victory over millwall .
a man who was caught in a burglary at his home in county antrim has been given a suspended sentence .
britain 's lindsey vonn won the women 's world cup for the second time in a row with victory in the czech republic .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he wants to ` ` get the job '' if he wins the election .
former yorkshire and yorkshire seamer john wick has died at the age of 82 after a short illness .
the forth road bridge will not be delayed until next year , according to the scottish government 's finance minister .
former celtic manager derek mcinnes says he would be ` ` honoured '' to help youngsters reach the champions league .
it 's been a year since a school in the north - west of cape town in the western isles .
the number of teenagers applying for university places in england has risen by more than doubled in the last year , figures show .
a man accused of raping a met police officer has told a court he ` ` felt like a man '' .
one of the uk 's best - selling entertainers has died at the age of 89 .
italy 's prime minister silvio berlusconi is set to announce his first public appearance in office .
a crowdfunding campaign to save the lives of two people injured in a rollercoaster crash has been launched .
yorkshire 's batsmen dominated day one of their county championship match against durham at chester - le - street .
a man has been charged with the murder of a south african man who was stabbed to death in south africa .
in our series of letters from african journalists , argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner considers the future of the country .
the number of prescriptions in england and wales has increased by more than a third in a year , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
a plan to cut immigration from the uk to the rest of the uk has been backed by ukip .
hundreds of thousands of newborn babies in wales are being urged to take part in a new law to check their newborns .
bangladesh and bangladesh cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- will travel to bangladesh for the first time since the bangladesh tour of bangladesh .
the family of a woman who died in a grieving mother 's grieving home have criticised the nhs .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france with victory in the vuelta a espana .
a giant moon has been built in bristol for the first time in the history of the moon 's moon .
the uk 's nuclear deterrent nuclear plant has been given the go - ahead in sheffield .
the leaders of honduras 's most prominent shia cleric have called on the government to help tackle violent violence .
hundreds of people have taken part in a parade in carmarthenshire to mark the centenary of the easter rising .
a man has been assaulted and robbed in a ` ` cowardly '' attack in west lothian .
private ambulance services in england and wales have increased by more than half a million last year , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
malaysian prime minister najib razak has accused the us government of ` ` plagiarism '' over allegations of fraud .
a cyber - attack on ukraine 's electricity grid has left one person dead and another injured .
` ` i ' ve been a bit of a lot of things , '' says david cameron .
the funeral of ivory coast midfielder cheick tiote has been held in beijing for the first time .
plans to build a floating space base in the western isles have been approved by the uk 's mp .
trainer aidan o'brien will miss the grand national at aintree on saturday after suffering a broken leg .
the nhs in england is facing a ` ` significant increase '' in funding , according to the chancellor .
blackpool fans have been ordered to pay # 50,000 to the club 's owners for their club 's fans .
as the uk votes to leave the european union , there 's a lot of things about the country .
colombia 's juan martin del potro won the olympic men 's boxing title with a comfortable victory over colombia 's saul ` canelo ' alvarez in rio .
gareth bale says wales ' euro 2016 match against russia is a ` ` huge mistake '' .
residents of a ceredigion town are being asked to take part in the local authority 's search for their mobile phones .
a campaign has been launched to tackle breastfeeding in wales , with the number of babies being breastfeed .
the scottish secretary has told the house of lords that there is ` ` no deal '' between the uk and the scottish government .
top gear 's top gear has said it will not be ` ` unimaginable '' in its first episode of top gear .
as donald trump prepares to visit the united states , the us and the us is expected to resume air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a canadian man has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of a british man .
cyber - attacks of children 's computers were targeted by cyber - attacks , a study has found .
cuba 's president raul castro has ordered the country 's communist party to step down from next year .
in the aftermath of the iraqi city of mosul , the bbc 's richard iii looks at the beginning of the city 's siege .
a police force is to launch a series of ` ` offensive '' video cameras on the streets of conwy county .
the former head of the bbc trust has told the bbc he was ` ` unfair '' and ` ` mismanagement '' .
a birmingham primary school has been forced to close because of a ` ` trojan horse '' inquiry .
italian prime minister matteo renzi has said it will return to the country after a devastating earthquake hit the country .
a mother - of - two has been charged with murdering her two - year - old daughter .
he 's the best actor in british tv history , but it 's not just a few years since his death .
the leader of the liberal democrats has said she is ` ` confident '' the uk will remain in the eu .
german foreign secretary angela merkel has called on germany to explain why he is accused of spying for germany .
police in scotland have raided two men who tried to steal more than # 100,000 worth of illegal immigrants .
a woman who was diagnosed with a blood transfusion has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by her life .
an investigation into asbestos at a former nuclear power plant in sunderland was caused by asbestos , an inquest has heard .
more than 100 people have been killed and dozens more injured in typhoon harkini in the philippines .
a campaign group has called for the uk to leave the european union to ` ` protect the country '' .
macedonia 's prime minister has resigned amid allegations of corruption and corruption at the country 's parliament .
former prime minister lord heseltine has announced he is leaving the house of lords to become prime minister .
a search is under way for a man who went missing after getting into difficulty in a powys mountain .
police in kenya 's north - eastern city of mombasa say they have found the bodies of 43 students who were abducted by police .
west indies all - rounder chris gayle has apologised for ` ` grossly offensive behaviour '' during a t20 blast match .
the uk should be allowed to leave the european union , the european commission 's president has said .
castleford tigers came from behind to beat castleford in a thrilling super league encounter at castleford .
sunderland striker ellen white says she is ` ` happy '' to sign a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
shares in hong kong have fallen sharply after the firm reported a sharp fall in profits for the first time .
a us pharmaceutical company has said it will cut the number of patients in a bid to save the nhs .
a man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a house in limavady , county londonderry .
oxford university has been named the world 's top universities for the first time in the world , according to a new study .
liverpool striker daniel sturridge has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league champions .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in the uk for the first time since returning to the island .
japan 's nikkei index has fallen to its lowest level for three years in the first quarter of the year .
the government 's decision to leave the european union -lrb- nie -rrb- is not the best way in the uk .
japan 's nikkei index closed lower on friday as investors reacted to the latest us federal reserve meeting .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a crash on the a90 in aberdeenshire .
yafai yafai won the wba super - middleweight title with a straight - set win over yaya yafai in birmingham .
tributes have been paid to a 22-year - old man killed in the tunisia terror attack .
wales coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's decision to leave the rugby union will be a ` ` great job '' .
the uk box office has topped the us box office chart for the first time in more than a decade .
british number two aljaz bedene beat spain 's aljaz bedene to reach the quarter - finals of the french open .
kurdish fighters in northern turkey are trying to save the lives of their children and children from their homes .
the government 's plans to cut the number of junior doctors in england will be scrapped , the bbc has learned .
one of the most important stories in the us has been talking about the internet , and it 's time to look at the best of the year .
raith rovers extended their lead at the top of scottish league two to five points with victory over raith rovers .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- says it will be ` ` very difficult '' for the county championship .
australia 's agriculture minister has agreed to resume cattle in the country , ending a five - year drought .
a mental health patient has been jailed for four years after he was told he was ` ` overwhelmed '' .
maria sharapova 's hopes of reaching the women 's olympic final have come to an end .
a statue of a man who died after falling from a car in a field has been released on bail .
in the wake of the paris derby at wembley , there was a lot of people who have been in the headlines .
the prime minister has spoken of the ` ` shocking '' death of a woman who died in a supermarket car crash .
a powerful earthquake has struck china 's north - western province , killing at least 12 people , state media report .
german car manufacturer vauxhall has said it is investigating reports that two cars have been destroyed in a fire .
arsenal boss arsene wenger has been ruled out of the premier league season with a knee injury .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans for a new army base in surrey .
a children 's author has written a letter to the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme , saying it is ` ` not easy '' .
saudi arabia 's opposition leader , abdul fattah al - sisi , has rejected a request by the muslim brotherhood to fund his state .
a royal navy submarine is to be built at the royal navy 's new nuclear deterrent submarines .
the driver of a bin lorry which crashed into a glasgow bin lorry has told an inquiry he did not think he was responsible .
premiership side saracens have signed wales centre matt clark from french top 14 side toulouse for an undisclosed fee .
ronnie o'sullivan will attempt to become the first british player to reach the uk championship .
warwickshire made it three wins from two in the one - day cup as they beat nottinghamshire by five wickets at edgbaston .
gillingham came from behind to beat gillingham and move into the league one play - off places .
american lindsey vonn won a second world cup downhill downhill title in a row with victory in the czech republic .
a cargo ship has crashed into the sea off the coast of porthcawl , county down .
storm doris has caused disruption to parts of wales after storm doris battered the uk and the republic of ireland .
an mp has been named as the uk 's youngest mp for the first time in the general election .
german chancellor angela merkel has been named the world 's best - known woman of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after the death of a man in east sussex .
a paedophile who filmed himself abusing a six - year - old girl has been jailed for 12 years .
it was n't just a few years since the end of the soviet union , but there 's been a sense of tragedy .
all images have been released to the public for the first time in the history of the winter festival .
wycombe moved up to second in league two with victory over wycombe at st james park .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has agreed a new contract with the welsh region .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat doncaster rovers and move into the league one play - off places .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell carded a six - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the open at royal troon .
the nhs in wales is facing a ` ` significant increase '' in the number of patients needing hospital treatment , a union has warned .
prof prof stephen hawking has become the first scientist to win the world 's first science prize .
heavy rain and thunderstorms in northern ireland have been hit by a storm and heavy rain in the country .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 is under way for the first time .
barcelona midfielder luis suarez has signed a new five - year contract with the spanish champions until 2022 .
russia 's parliament has passed a bill that would allow parents to be convicted of crimes against children .
ukraine 's parliament has passed a new law aimed at ending the country 's independence from ukraine .
tributes have been paid to bbc radio ulster 's best - known journalist , who has died at the age of 89 .
a collection of paintings by artist and artist banksy has gone on display at a north lanarkshire gallery .
the organisers of the t in the park festival have announced they will be banned from next year .
a plan to tackle drug addictions in wrexham has been launched by the welsh health and social care board .
there 's a lot of confusion about the economic impact of the uk 's economic recovery , but what does it mean ?
manchester united captain wayne rooney has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league champions . '
northern ireland 's children 's commissioner -lrb- dup -rrb- has said there is ` ` no concerns '' about the care of children in care in northern ireland .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering her ex - girlfriend in west sussex .
rugby fans will be asked to take part in cardiff 's rugby world cup final at twickenham .
two people have died in a fire at a house in aberdeenshire , the fire service has said .
a us couple from northern ireland have won the european central bank -lrb- nia -rrb- prize for the first time .
actor johnson johnson johnson is to join the cast of a new film about mental health issues in the uk .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has imposed sanctions on the country 's president , nicolas maduro .
a new book is to be shown in dorset for the first time in more than 20 years , the bbc has announced .
nottingham is to become the first in the world to be able to use a map of the continent .
a judge in south africa has ordered the release of a british man who was shot dead by a policeman in dubai .
it 's a year since charlie austin announced that he is going to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the us economy grew at its fastest pace in three years , but it was n't really good enough .
the bbc has agreed a three - year deal to broadcast the 2022 rugby world cup , which includes the 2026 and english and irish lions .
a fire at a factory in bangladesh 's capital dhaka has killed at least 12 people , police say .
the scottish government is to set up a review into child abuse in scotland , the children 's commissioner for scotland has said .
ulster unionist leader mike nesbitt has said he does not believe his party is a ` ` good thing '' .
german police have warned of the dangers of terror attacks in germany after a man was stabbed to death .
a county down man who was caught driving while on holiday has been given a 12-month suspended sentence .
a paedophile accused of sexually abusing a boy at a care home has told a court he was sexually abused .
a us toy company has been hacked to death by an artist who said it was a ` ` heartbroken '' .
hundreds of jobs are being lost at a plant in ballymena , county antrim , in a bid to save jobs .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been shot dead by police in the capital , bujumbura .
a group of british musicians have filed legal action against the band 's owners , accusing them of selling them .
la land has been named the best film of the year at this year 's golden globe awards .
motherwell manager mark mcghee says he is ` ` happy '' to be appointed manager of the club .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street in sunderland .
dunfermline athletic have signed former derry city and st mirren midfielder alex johnston on a two - year deal .
the government has written to the government urging people to buy tickets for the first time since the start of the year .
the isle of man has cancelled all flights between belfast and belfast after a passenger jet got stuck on the island .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a crash involving a car and a van on the m6 in county down .
india 's telecoms company wikileaks has been raided by police in the west midlands .
iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi has won a second - biggest parliamentary seat in the country .
german police say they are ` ` shocked '' after a series of attacks on women in cologne on new year 's eve .
the chinese premier league has won the first match of the year , beating the team in a play - off .
venezuela 's supreme court has ordered the country 's lower house of congress to remove president nicolas maduro from office .
the number of people registered to vote in the eu referendum has fallen by more than 3 % in the past year , figures obtained by bbc radio 5 live suggest .
the european court of justice has upheld the uk 's decision to buy mobile phone provider o2 .
scotland 's first minister has said he wants to stay in the european union after the uk leaves the eu .
portugal 's parliament has agreed a deal with the country 's centre - right socialist party -lrb- pp -rrb- to form a new government .
a school in india has given birth to a seven - year - old boy , according to a new study .
burkina faso striker dusan tadic has been ruled out of the democratic republic of congo 's africa cup of nations squad .
it 's been a year since andy murray 's departure from formula 1 to the british grand prix .
concerns have been raised over plans to build a new school on sheffield 's m4 in the city .
a man has been charged with attempted murder following an attack on a horse in the western isles last month .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has announced a plan to reduce the number of contraceptive pills .
derby county boss martin martin canning says his side 's 2 - 0 championship win over derby county was a ` ` dream come true '' .
a herd of sheep is to go on display in bristol for the first time in more than 100 years .
in the city of rio de janeiro , the world 's largest city has been demolished in the capital .
jayaram jayalalitha is one of india 's best - known politicians , who have won the prestigious indian state of tamil nadu .
dairy giant muller has said it will sell its uk dairy business to the uk and ireland for a third time .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend in a ` ` brutal '' attack .
a major road in the highlands has been closed for several hours after heavy rain and heavy rain caused flooding .
the uk is to send 1,000 troops to somalia to fight the armed forces of somalia .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme is being launched in belfast .
colombia 's caster semenya won olympic gold in the women 's 400 m at the rio olympics .
a former conservative mp has called for the house of commons to be banned from entering the courts and courts .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed lower on friday as investors digest the global stock market .
kim jong - un is one of the world 's most famous businessmen , who has died aged 93 .
wales ' first game in charge of euro 2016 ended in defeat by wales at cardiff city on saturday .
the bbc 's milton keynes pub is one of the uk 's best - known stars .
chris and gabby adcock have won the men 's wheelchair singles title at the british gymnastics championships .
burkina faso 's ex - president pierre nkurunziza has gone on trial in burkina faso , prosecutors say .
china 's richest man has agreed a deal to buy the world 's largest pesticides company .
the irish football association has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that tickets for the euro 2016 finals will not be available for northern ireland .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a flintshire man in a racially motivated attack .
a man has admitted causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car which killed a woman .
a driver in the us state of california is suing the driver of a car that killed a driver and injuring his daughter .
warwickshire captain ian bell has signed a new three - year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
a schoolgirl from birmingham has been awarded the victoria cross for the first time in more than 50 years .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a county antrim restaurant owner who was stabbed to death .
a police force has apologised after a gun was fired at a school in blackpool on sunday .
thousands of people have taken part in a floating floating floating bridge in south - west london to take part .
partick thistle came from behind to beat partick thistle and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index fell on friday as investors reacted to the european court of justice .
one of the uk 's rarest birds has hatched at a county durham nature reserve , the rspb has confirmed .
