portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's board should be offered a share of the company 's shares .
a court in the indian city of mumbai has found a man guilty of causing death by dangerous driving .
mobile phone roaming charges will be introduced across europe , the european union has announced , in a bid to increase the number of roaming charges .
in the wake of the paris derby at wembley , there was a lot of people who have been in the headlines .
england women secured a place in the women 's six nations with a bonus - point win over wales .
an indian man has spoken of his shock after being attacked by a shopkeeper in the city of mumbai .
lego has apologised for allowing lego to be banned from its exhibition in sydney , australia .
a major fire at a derelict mansion in cheshire has been destroyed , the fire service has said in the city .
donald trump is one of the most influential figures in the us , and it 's not the republican presidential nominee .
police in colombia say they have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a plane crash on sunday .
one of scotland 's leading arts organisations has withdrawn its sponsorship of the scottish arts council -lrb- sfr -rrb- .
one of the world 's most famous paintings has sold for # 1.5 m at auction .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that two men have lost their appeal against their convictions for murder .
a hoverboard service is to be built on the isle of wight as part of a plan to boost tourism .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died after being hit by a bus in swansea city centre .
hundreds of people have signed a petition against plans to close a derby swimming pool in a bid to save it .
somalia 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered a ban on foreign nationals living in the capital , mogadishu .
members of colombia 's largest rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks with the government , the government says .
when steve campbell was found guilty of being involved in a corruption scandal in his home town of qpr .
the number of unaccompanied children in england has fallen by almost a third in the past year , figures show .
police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a man was found in a block of flats .
some of the uk 's best - known tea chains are set to go on public display in london .
if you ' ve been using your phone to tell us what you 're going to know about the phone .
us president barack obama has called for an inquiry into the shooting of a black teenager in ferguson , missouri .
teachers should be allowed to take part in the uk 's schools , a think tank has said .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman 's body was found in a flat in west belfast .
dame judi dench has said she is ` ` devastated '' by being diagnosed with cancer .
a denbighshire home is to be built as part of a # 1 m regeneration scheme .
leigh griffiths says celtic 's champions league final win over celtic was the ` ` best team in europe '' .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
three people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , after a passenger plane crashed on sunday .
a primary school in somerset has announced it will close its doors for the first time in three years .
a dog had to be rescued by lifeboat crews after getting into difficulty in the sea off the devon coast .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says the club are ` ` in the dark '' as they prepare for the premiership play - offs .
in the western indian state of uttar pradesh , the bbc 's geeta pandey chouda looks at the moment .
the uk 's highest court has been criticised by mps for failing to pay compensation to criminals and criminals .
tottenham have completed the signing of tottenham and manchester city midfielder paul walker from tottenham for # 12 m .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of a new gene that could lead to babies born in the uk .
it 's not easy to see if you 're going to the stage , it 's easy to find it .
arsenal ladies have completed the signing of arsenal women 's super league one club arsenal ladies defender caroline williams .
former rangers captain robbie neilson says he wants to leave dundee united at the end of the season .
a former university building in reading is to be built as part of a # 3 m regeneration project .
a police force in durham is asking parents to keep their children in the hands of their own hands .
more than 1,000 people have been killed in the sea off the coast of sussex in a bid to save lives .
the uk 's top court has ordered the government to review air pollution in its bid to curb air pollution .
the university of belfast -lrb- pps -rrb- is to hold a conference in belfast later this month .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at why the lion was killed in zimbabwe .
the european union has launched a legal challenge to the uk 's membership of the eu , saying it is ` ` not acceptable '' .
worcestershire 's batsmen dominated day two of their county championship match against worcestershire at edgbaston .
a ` ` potentially dangerous '' cat has died after a ` ` chemical spillage '' caused a ` ` fatal chemical '' in a street .
the canadian authorities have arrested two canadians who were arrested in connection with the illegal drug - driving scandal .
first minister carwyn jones has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to brexit .
torquay united 's home match at home to swansea was abandoned because of the illegal sale of their home game .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side can not afford to win the premier league title .
police have released images of an 18-year - old man they want to trace in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a police horse has apologised after a ` ` sexist '' was posted on a beach in cornwall .
a musical based on the west end of leicester is to open its doors for the first time in 20 years .
the mother of a baby boy who was bitten by a dog in south yorkshire has died in hospital .
the trial of a man accused of the murder of a student in glasgow has been told by a jury she had been trying to kill him .
` ` if you 're going to die , '' says a man with a rare genetic condition .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has been ruled out of the tour of new zealand with a knee injury .
the uk 's brexit negotiator has accused the government of ` ` damaging '' brexit negotiations .
the us supreme court has ruled that president donald trump 's travel ban should be extended to four months .
warwickshire made it three wins from two in the one - day cup as they beat nottinghamshire by five wickets at edgbaston .
a man has been jailed for two - and - a - half years for throwing a muslim man into a mosque .
south korean carmaker hyundai has agreed to pay $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- to the workers ' company for its vehicles .
aberdeen have appointed former scotland under-21 boss edgingson as their new manager on a two - year deal .
at least 20 people have been killed in a blast at a factory in the portuguese city of santiago , officials say .
wildfires have killed at least 15 people in the south - east of chile , officials say .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` appalled '' by the stormont executive 's handling of the northern ireland bill .
archaeologists in egypt say they have found a large piece of palmyra 's ` ` hoard '' of palmyra .
the remains of one of the disappeared have been found in the republic of ireland , the irish defence minister has said .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has become embroiled in a series of letters from egypt to egypt .
a plaid cymru am has been given a suspended sentence for breaching a code of conduct .
norway 's prime minister has said she is ` ` confident '' the country will not be able to cross the border with syria .
mexico and mexico have been fined # 10,000 by the mexican football federation -lrb- uf -rrb- for using racist language .
sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat sheffield united and reach the efl cup second round at wembley .
wales captain sam warburton says he will be ` ` proud '' to face new zealand in the six nations .
a new children 's choir is to open in gloucester for the first time in more than 20 years .
a northern ireland rugby player has become the first player to play in italy in a world cup qualifier .
wales ' first game in charge of euro 2016 ended in defeat by wales at cardiff city on saturday .
the bitcoin virtual currency -lrb- bitco -rrb- is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin companies .
yeovil town women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed northern ireland 's sarah howard .
in the wake of the paris attacks , somalia 's prime minister narendra modi has visited the city 's beach .
brazil 's highest court has upheld the death sentence of a woman accused of plotting to overthrow the brazilian government .
joe root and joe root have been included in england 's squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcso -rrb- has called for a change in the way the scheme is run .
a man has died in a crash on the a72 in west sussex , police have said .
a man 's body has been found in a street in glasgow , police have said , after a body was found .
the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse in england and wales .
us defence secretary sean spicer has been sentenced to life in prison in north korea , us officials say .
barnet came from behind to beat hartlepool and move into the league two play - off places .
the northern ireland fire and rescue service -lrb- rhi -rrb- is to be given the go - ahead by the bbc .
partick thistle manager alan archibald says he is ` ` disappointed '' not to sign a new contract .
` ` we ' ve been talking about brexit , '' says iain duncan smith , the former prime minister of the exchequer .
a canadian court has sentenced a canadian student to 15 years in prison for sexually assaulting a student .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations were dashed as ivory coast came from behind to beat algeria .
apple has reported better - than - expected quarterly profits , boosted by strong sales of iphones and tablets .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen by almost a third in a decade , in a high court ruling .
the owners of a waste recycling plant in greater manchester have been given a six - month suspended jail sentence .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial bill aimed at ending the birth of a woman .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the heart of the cameroon football team .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died in a hit - and - run crash in south lanarkshire .
fifa president sepp blatter says he wants to ` ` step down '' the football association 's governing body .
an ex - police officer who was jailed for two years has said he will not appeal against his sentence .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` humanitarian crisis '' in syria , saying it is ` ` very difficult '' .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has confirmed it will host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- has been banned from competing at the rio paralympics .
mark selby came from behind to beat ding junhui and reach the world championship quarter - finals .
disney has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its film will not be released in malaysia .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to move into second practice at the bahrain grand prix .
at least two teachers have been killed in clashes between rival groups in the southern mexican state of guerrero .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury has said he wants to ` ` change the sport '' if he wins the 2016 olympics .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to a string of sex offences against a girl .
activity in the uk 's services sector grew at its fastest pace in three years , according to a closely watched survey .
a motorist has admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving after a crash in nottingham .
more than 1,000 eu citizens in the republic of ireland have been urged to register to vote in the eu referendum .
a theatre in east london is to undergo a # 2.5 m revamp of the city 's theatre .
some of nigeria 's most famous landmarks have been forced to close because of noise and noise , campaigners say .
wrexham have re - signed midfielder liam kelly from wrexham on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been found guilty of planning a fire at a mosque in florida that killed a man .
johnston press has announced it is to sell its uk - based publisher johnston johnston press for the first time .
the eu referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , which sees eu nationals living in the uk , is the most important issue in europe .
british number one rafael nadal has become the first briton to reach the wimbledon semi - finals .
a snake has been found in florida after it was found in a suitcase in the city of florida .
scotland 's first minister has said he wants to stay in the european union after the uk leaves the eu .
a mother accused of murdering her two - year - old daughter has told a court she was ` ` devastated '' by her death .
former prime minister lord hain has said the house of lords should be allowed to vote on brexit .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says he will not be fit for saturday 's scottish cup semi - final against hamilton .
china 's tourism industry has reported a sharp fall in revenue for the first quarter of the year .
` ` it 's easy to reach europe , '' says the bbc 's richard branson .
the bbc 's general election takes place on sunday , and it 's time to find out what is the next president of the united states .
a record number of grey seal pups have been spotted in norfolk , according to the national trust .
a us judge has ruled that same - sex marriage licences should not be allowed to marry .
north korea 's military says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile on the coast of north korea .
northern ireland 's shane donnelly will compete at the rio olympics after failing to qualify for the rio games .
a video has been posted online to show ` ` mental health issues '' in a video appearing to show mental health problems .
police in australia have launched a campaign to tackle child sexual exploitation -lrb- cse -rrb- .
the prime minister has spoken of the ` ` shocking '' death of a woman who died in a supermarket car crash .
two us warships have been shot dead by yemen 's houthi navy , the united arab emirates says .
the owner of a zoo in the uk has told the bbc that he will not be able to return to the zoo .
campaigners have called for the scottish government to introduce ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
a 16-year - old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in cardiff .
ian holloway has been appointed as the new manager of championship club brighton & hove albion on a three - year contract .
the home secretary has accused the government of ` ` misleading '' the european court of justice over air pollution .
an australian woman who died in a coffee accident in indonesia has been identified as a result of her death , police say .
scientists say they have discovered a new type of tree tree tree that lived in the world for decades .
thousands of people have been left without water after a sinkhole opened up in a supermarket in southampton .
twitter has apologised after a fire broke out on its website during a halloween night out .
a # 3.5 m plan to build a new hospital in somerset has been approved by the county council .
donegal will face donegal in the all - ireland semi - finals after a 0 - 16 defeat by galway .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the support of a teacher at a school in belfast .
a dog was shot in the head with a crossbow after it was shot by a crossbow bolt , the rspca has said .
a new study has found that a fatal accident inquiry into the m74 motorway in glasgow could have been prevented .
pembrokeshire council 's chief executive has been accused of sexually abusing a six - year - old boy .
scotland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the snp 's plans for a second independence referendum .
hearts have completed the signing of right - back kilmarnock on a two - year deal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
britain 's katarina johnson - thompson won bronze in the women 's 4x400 m at the world indoor championships in london .
the number of people living in care in england has risen by more than doubled in the last three years , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
hundreds of people have been searching for survivors of a landslide in the northern indian city of laredo .
the irish football association has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that tickets for the euro 2016 finals will not be available for northern ireland .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says the club will not be able to play in the county championship this season .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found at a house in coleraine .
tributes have been paid to ex - england footballer and player johan cruyff who died aged 84 .
louis van gaal has resigned as manchester united manager , saying he is ` ` very happy '' about his future .
tanzania 's president robert mugabe has condemned the decision to ban gay people from entering the country .
german police say they are investigating a suspected arson attack at a police station in the city of munich .
a high court judge has ordered a judicial review into the building of oxford 's tallest building . .
the us box office has announced a new version of the best - selling characters in the world .
two men accused of plotting to join islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria have gone on trial accused of trying to sell them .
two people have been arrested in connection with a major security operation at edinburgh 's natural resources park .
four people have been charged in connection with a series of ` ` modern slavery offences '' in lincolnshire .
a report into the deaths of two of the uk 's biggest holidaymakers has been published by the bbc .
the formula 1 season gets under way in monaco this weekend , and there 's a lot of things about the sport .
hearts head coach ian cathro says he is ` ` shocked '' by the club 's recent recent form .
british number one heather watson and heather watson both won their first women 's singles title at wimbledon .
oscar - winning actor tom hardy has been named best actor at this year 's golden globe awards .
sir bruce forsyth is to return to strictly come dancing next year , the show 's next contestant has announced .
apple has been awarded the victoria & albert book of the year for the first time in its history .
britain 's jo cox has become the first briton to win a bronze medal at the european championships .
a man has been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of terror offences , police have said , as part of an investigation .
a farmer who spent more than # 20,000 on a norfolk farm has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the help of a conservationist .
hungary is one of the world 's most famous landmarks , but it is also known as the soviet union .
a ukip mep has written to ukip to a group calling for a ban on members of the party .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win the men 's 4,000 m world championships .
in the wake of the deadly attacks in the mediterranean , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has been taking place .
a british man has been remanded in custody in uganda charged with the murder of a british tourist .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused hillary clinton of ` ` abusing '' women and women .
police have released cctv images of a newborn baby they want to trace in connection with the death of a baby .
wales ' nathan cleverly says he will not defend his ibf super - middleweight title against juergen braehmer on saturday .
police have said they are ` ` disappointed '' after a petrol bomb was thrown at a petrol station in north lanarkshire .
plans to build a new forest in nottinghamshire have been approved by the county council for the first time .
actress angelina jolie is to star in a new play about emma watson 's children 's life .
the european court of justice has rejected a bid by the prime minister to stop the ` ` jungle '' of europe .
a woman accused of sexually abusing two children has told a court she was ` ` too lenient '' .
south africa have appointed former south africa batsman shivnarine kassain as their new head coach .
leicester tigers have re - signed leinster centre henry morris on a two - year deal from next season .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he wants to ` ` get the job '' if he wins the election .
police in zimbabwe have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in the capital , harare .
