the chief executive of the pompey football club , michael brown , has said he will vote on the future of the club 's board .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by careless driving .
mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to travel to the republic of ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
it was one of the biggest sporting greats in world football .
england women 's coach tom tierney has named an unchanged side for saturday 's six nations game against england at twickenham .
a mumbai shopkeeper who was attacked by a masked man in mumbai 's capital delhi has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
lego , the danish artist who owns lego for lego , has been criticised by chinese artist lego .
a category house has been destroyed in a fire at a house in kent .
donald trump has been elected as the new president of the united states .
a passenger passenger has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
one of scotland 's biggest arts organisations , equity restrictions , is to step down after five years in the job .
a painting by francis bacon is to be sold at auction for # works .
the uk supreme court has rejected an appeal by the supreme court to overturn the case of two men jailed for the murders of two british men .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to build a new base in the isle of wight .
a woman who died after being hit by a car in swansea has been named by police .
plans to close a derby swimming pool have been rejected by the city council .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has called on the government to lift its ban on the country 's security sector .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group say they have agreed to end peace talks with the farc rebel group .
former england striker darren campbell has been named as the new manager of the fa cup .
the number of adoption adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
thousands of children in england are being asked to visit their christmas day as part of a four - day christmas day .
it 's been a year since apple 's new apple chief was released by the bbc .
us president barack obama has met the white house , the white house , to pay tribute to the white house .
a committee of mps has called on the government to change its stance on tackling extremism in the uk .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in belfast .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer .
work has begun on a new # 3 m library in flintshire .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says the club 's dominance of the season is the best player in the world .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
a west yorkshire school has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in devon .
leicester tigers director of rugby jim murphy says his side are capable of winning their first premiership title of the season .
one of india 's most famous restaurants is one of the most famous restaurants in the world .
the government has been accused of failing to pay compensation for charges of fraud and fraud in england and wales .
manchester city midfielder danny walker has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a gene that could be linked to male genital mutilation .
it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until 2019 .
former hearts striker jon daly says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
work has started on a # 6 m building to transform a former victorian college in reading .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the force 's police force to help tackle child abuse .
a council has called for an investigation into the deaths of lifeguards at camber sands in east sussex .
the uk government is to review the government 's plan to cut air pollution in the uk .
the university of edinburgh has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of people at the university of edinburgh will be cancelled .
cecil the lion , cecil the lion in zimbabwe , has been shot dead by poachers in the us state of south africa .
campaigners in the european union have backed a petition calling for an end to the controversial eu - us trade deal with the european union .
new zealand captain alastair cook made his first century of the season to help his side earn a first - innings lead against division two leaders essex .
a cat has died after being hit by a cat in leicestershire .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people suspected of taking part in the country 's most popular city .
the first minister has accused the uk government of ` ` trigger '' over the uk 's departure from the european union .
two players have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's premier league title hopes were a ` ` huge mistake '' in the premier league title race .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a police force has apologised after a woman was found dead at a beach in cornwall .
the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the west midlands is to return to the west end next year .
a mother and her baby son have been killed in a house fire in northumberland .
a man has gone on trial accused of the murder of a man at a glasgow primary school .
the body of a man whose body was found in a suitcase in the uk has been identified by scientists .
british and irish lions wing george north has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to do more to protect eu citizens from the european union .
the us department of justice has ordered us president donald trump 's order to ban immigration in the us .
warwickshire maintained their grip on the one - day cup quarter - finals with a holders win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
a man has pleaded guilty to assaulting a worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
hyundai manufacturer hyundai has announced that it is ending a new $ 150 m -lrb- Â # leave -rrb- deal to end the country 's biggest financial crisis .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
at least 11 people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the portuguese capital , portuguese , officials say .
dozens of people have been evacuated in chile after a fire broke out in chile .
the deputy first minister , gordon gordon , has been appointed as the new head of the northern ireland assembly .
one of the most famous pyramid in the world has been found on the surface of the main capital , cairo , officials say .
the bodies of two of the disappeared victims have been found in the republic of ireland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , broadcaster and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
a flintshire councillor has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to change the country 's first mountain border .
the mexican football federation -lrb- insult -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by mexico 's friendly against mexico at the confederations cup .
andre gray scored twice as leicester beat sheffield wednesday to go top of the premier league table .
captain sam warburton says wales will be ready for the world cup semi - final against new zealand in auckland on saturday .
a new choir is to be held in gloucester cathedral for the first time in more than 40 years .
houghton houghton , one of the most famous players in the world cup , has been celebrated in the republic of ireland .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against wales on saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges , eddie hearn , is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges .
former yeovil town captain michael howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
hassan hassan has become one of the most famous men in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a woman in the capital , brasilia .
ben stokes and alex hales have been named in england 's one - day squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
police and police officers in england and wales could be forced to operate on public buildings under plans being considered by the police federation .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a house in sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in east london .
the metropolitan police has said it will investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against sir bernard hogan - howe .
north korean leader kim jong - un has been arrested in north korea , south korea 's supreme court has said .
hartlepool boosted their league two play - off hopes with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
a new training plan for northern ireland 's first training training training centre in northern ireland has been unveiled .
partick thistle manager david osman says he has no intention of staying in the premier league .
boris johnson is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
a court in turkey has sentenced a woman to life in prison in connection with the death of a journalist .
ivory coast scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria to move into the semi - finals of the champions league .
electronics giant apple has reported a record profit of $ maker -lrb- # taiwanese -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has won a court case that could see some of the uk 's biggest employers will be allowed to travel to work .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a waste recycling site in aberdeen .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a bill to legalise abortion laws .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest sporting events in the world .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
fifa president michel platini has called for a boycott of the bidding process to become fifa president .
a convicted murderer who was convicted of trying to sue the west midlands prison is to appeal against his sentence .
us president barack obama has called on the us to cope with the crisis in syria .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- is to host the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- to host the 2026 africa cup of nations .
russian president vladimir putin has been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the international paralympic committee has ruled .
world number one mark selby beat world number one ding junhui to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
disney has said it will not allow the release of a new instalment of the disney film , which has been blocked by censors in malaysia .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the british grand prix as lewis hamilton was knocked out of the race .
the authorities in the venezuelan capital , madrid , have begun a series of measures aimed at ending a series of anti - government protests .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury says he wants to compete at the world boxing championships in las vegas .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has been found guilty of sexual activity with a child .
activity in the uk 's service sector continued to grow , according to a closely watched survey .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in nottingham .
voters in the republic of ireland are being urged to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum on eu membership .
a # 35 m refurbishment of the theatre is to be restored to the public as part of a # 3.5 m refurbishment .
nigeria 's capital , addis ababa , has been forced to close its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
wrexham have signed striker shaun harvey from national league rivals torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
