portsmouth fc and pompey supporters ' trust -lrb- pst -rrb- board member ashley brown has urged fans to make an informed choice over a proposed takeover .
a court in india will give its verdict on 6 may in a 2002 hit - and - run incident in which bollywood star salman khan is accused of running over five men sleeping on a pavement , killing one of them .
a derelict historic house near dumfries has been damaged in a fire which broke out overnight on friday .
a colombian air force plane has crashed in the north of the country , killing all 11 of those on board .
a 1906 claude monet water lilies painting , nympheas , has sold for # 31.7 m in london , the second highest price ever paid for the artist at an auction .
relatives of 24 rubber plantation workers killed by british troops almost 70 years ago in malaya have lost an appeal for an official investigation .
a new hovercraft route between the isle of wight and portsmouth could be introduced in the summer , operator hovertravel has said .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has said that money transfer firms will be unbanned , once the central bank unveils new guidelines for their activities .
when dj campbell stepped out onto the ewood park pitch for blackburn in october 2013 , the striker - then earning a reported # 25,000 a week - did not expect he would be playing for free at non - league side maidenhead united barely 12 months later .
the body of a 30-year - old man has been found at a flat in falkirk .
the nhs will serve more than 400,000 lunches on christmas day in the uk .
ten years ago i was running from san francisco 's moscone centre to a nearby hotel to edit a piece for the ten o'clock news when my phone rang .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a 24-year - old man was found critically injured at a flat in north belfast earlier this week .
holyhead 's grade ii - listed market hall is to be restored after standing derelict for 10 years .
a cargo plane has crash landed in ghana 's capital accra , hitting a bus full of passengers , officials say .
leicester tigers assistant coach geordan murphy says victory in sunday 's anglo - welsh cup final against exeter would be a big boost for their premiership play - off aspirations .
england defender alex scott has signed a new contract with arsenal ladies .
jon daly has not ruled out a return to dundee united , but the striker thinks his future probably lies abroad following his release by rangers .
three early 19th century buildings in reading are to be converted into private homes , under plans published by the university of reading .
a poster urging parents not to use the police to scare their children has been seen more than 3.5 million times .
a us dentist has killed a lion in zimbabwe , africa .
a campaign group website says over a million people in the european union have signed a petition against trade negotiations with the united states .
england captain alastair cook continued his fine start to the season with an unbeaten 53 on another rain - hit day at new road against worcestershire .
chelsea boss jose mourinho said manchester united 's important players were ` ` in our pockets '' in a match that went ` ` exactly '' as they wanted .
a 23-year - old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at the recent celtic v rangers game in glasgow .
a musical version of the secret diary of adrian mole aged 13ยพ has opened as a tribute to the book 's author sue townsend .
six people died and another two were missing after an explosion on tuesday evening destroyed a fireworks factory near the portuguese town of lamego .
girls are being invited to audition to join gloucester cathedral 's choir for the first time in its 477 year history .
wales claimed an historic 3 - 0 victory over euro 1984 runners - up spain in wrexham in 1985 .
women 's super league one side yeovil town ladies have re - signed goalkeeper beth howard after she graduated from university in the united states .
a hang gliding pilot has died in an accident at a nature reserve near chichester in west sussex .
police investigating the death of a homeless man in a norwich subway want to speak to two potential witnesses .
wilfried bony scored twice to take ivory coast into the semi - finals of the africa cup of nations .
hon hai precision industry , a major assembler of apple products , has posted record quarterly profits helped by growing demand for iphones and ipads .
a company which runs a paper recycling plant in salford where a major fire broke out has had its environmental permit revoked .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has again refused to sign a bill legalising abortion , saying it should be put to a referendum .
libya have withdrawn as hosts of the 2017 african nations cup finals as ongoing fighting in the country delays plans to build new stadiums for the 16-team tournament .
mark selby made the most of a tentative start by marco fu to build a 5 - 3 lead in the opening session of their world championship semi - final .
mexico 's air force has been flying tons of grain into oaxaca state in the south of the country to deal with dwindling food supplies caused by roadblocks set up by protesting teachers .
england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has appeared in court to deny charges of sexual activity with a 15-year - old girl .
authorities in nigeria 's lagos state have shut 70 churches and 20 mosques in an attempt to reduce high noise levels .
wrexham have signed plymouth argyle forward tyler harvey on a one - year deal .
