the chief executive of the pompey football club , michael brown , has said he will vote on the future of the club 's board .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by careless driving .
a category house has been destroyed in a fire at a house in kent .
a passenger passenger has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
a painting by francis bacon is to be sold at auction for # works .
the uk supreme court has rejected an appeal by the supreme court to overturn the case of two men jailed for the murders of two british men .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to build a new base in the isle of wight .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has called on the government to lift its ban on the country 's security sector .
former england striker darren campbell has been named as the new manager of the fa cup .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
thousands of children in england are being asked to visit their christmas day as part of a four - day christmas day .
it 's been a year since apple 's new apple chief was released by the bbc .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in belfast .
work has begun on a new # 3 m library in flintshire .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
leicester tigers director of rugby jim murphy says his side are capable of winning their first premiership title of the season .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until 2019 .
former hearts striker jon daly says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
work has started on a # 6 m building to transform a former victorian college in reading .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the force 's police force to help tackle child abuse .
cecil the lion , cecil the lion in zimbabwe , has been shot dead by poachers in the us state of south africa .
campaigners in the european union have backed a petition calling for an end to the controversial eu - us trade deal with the european union .
new zealand captain alastair cook made his first century of the season to help his side earn a first - innings lead against division two leaders essex .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's premier league title hopes were a ` ` huge mistake '' in the premier league title race .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the west midlands is to return to the west end next year .
at least 11 people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the portuguese capital , portuguese , officials say .
a new choir is to be held in gloucester cathedral for the first time in more than 40 years .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against wales on saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
former yeovil town captain michael howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a house in sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in east london .
ivory coast scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria to move into the semi - finals of the champions league .
electronics giant apple has reported a record profit of $ maker -lrb- # taiwanese -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a waste recycling site in aberdeen .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a bill to legalise abortion laws .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- is to host the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- to host the 2026 africa cup of nations .
world number one mark selby beat world number one ding junhui to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
the authorities in the venezuelan capital , madrid , have begun a series of measures aimed at ending a series of anti - government protests .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has been found guilty of sexual activity with a child .
nigeria 's capital , addis ababa , has been forced to close its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
wrexham have signed striker shaun harvey from national league rivals torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
