a mumbai shopkeeper who was attacked by a masked man in mumbai 's capital delhi has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
donald trump has been elected as the new president of the united states .
one of scotland 's biggest arts organisations , equity restrictions , is to step down after five years in the job .
a woman who died after being hit by a car in swansea has been named by police .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in devon .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people suspected of taking part in the country 's most popular city .
two players have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
the body of a man whose body was found in a suitcase in the uk has been identified by scientists .
warwickshire maintained their grip on the one - day cup quarter - finals with a holders win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
a man has pleaded guilty to assaulting a worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
dozens of people have been evacuated in chile after a fire broke out in chile .
in our series of letters from african journalists , broadcaster and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
hassan hassan has become one of the most famous men in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a woman in the capital , brasilia .
ben stokes and alex hales have been named in england 's one - day squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
the metropolitan police has said it will investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against sir bernard hogan - howe .
north korean leader kim jong - un has been arrested in north korea , south korea 's supreme court has said .
hartlepool boosted their league two play - off hopes with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
us president barack obama has called on the us to cope with the crisis in syria .
russian president vladimir putin has been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the international paralympic committee has ruled .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the british grand prix as lewis hamilton was knocked out of the race .
voters in the republic of ireland are being urged to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum on eu membership .
a # 35 m refurbishment of the theatre is to be restored to the public as part of a # 3.5 m refurbishment .
