mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to travel to the republic of ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
england women 's coach tom tierney has named an unchanged side for saturday 's six nations game against england at twickenham .
plans to close a derby swimming pool have been rejected by the city council .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group say they have agreed to end peace talks with the farc rebel group .
the number of adoption adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
us president barack obama has met the white house , the white house , to pay tribute to the white house .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says the club 's dominance of the season is the best player in the world .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
one of india 's most famous restaurants is one of the most famous restaurants in the world .
manchester city midfielder danny walker has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
a council has called for an investigation into the deaths of lifeguards at camber sands in east sussex .
the uk government is to review the government 's plan to cut air pollution in the uk .
the first minister has accused the uk government of ` ` trigger '' over the uk 's departure from the european union .
a police force has apologised after a woman was found dead at a beach in cornwall .
a mother and her baby son have been killed in a house fire in northumberland .
british and irish lions wing george north has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
the us department of justice has ordered us president donald trump 's order to ban immigration in the us .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
one of the most famous pyramid in the world has been found on the surface of the main capital , cairo , officials say .
the bodies of two of the disappeared victims have been found in the republic of ireland .
andre gray scored twice as leicester beat sheffield wednesday to go top of the premier league table .
a new training plan for northern ireland 's first training training training centre in northern ireland has been unveiled .
partick thistle manager david osman says he has no intention of staying in the premier league .
boris johnson is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
a court in turkey has sentenced a woman to life in prison in connection with the death of a journalist .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest sporting events in the world .
fifa president michel platini has called for a boycott of the bidding process to become fifa president .
a convicted murderer who was convicted of trying to sue the west midlands prison is to appeal against his sentence .
disney has said it will not allow the release of a new instalment of the disney film , which has been blocked by censors in malaysia .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury says he wants to compete at the world boxing championships in las vegas .
activity in the uk 's service sector continued to grow , according to a closely watched survey .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in nottingham .
