lego , the danish artist who owns lego for lego , has been criticised by chinese artist lego .
a committee of mps has called on the government to change its stance on tackling extremism in the uk .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer .
a west yorkshire school has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years .
the government has been accused of failing to pay compensation for charges of fraud and fraud in england and wales .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a gene that could be linked to male genital mutilation .
it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
the university of edinburgh has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of people at the university of edinburgh will be cancelled .
a cat has died after being hit by a cat in leicestershire .
a man has gone on trial accused of the murder of a man at a glasgow primary school .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to do more to protect eu citizens from the european union .
hyundai manufacturer hyundai has announced that it is ending a new $ 150 m -lrb- Â # leave -rrb- deal to end the country 's biggest financial crisis .
the deputy first minister , gordon gordon , has been appointed as the new head of the northern ireland assembly .
a flintshire councillor has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to change the country 's first mountain border .
the mexican football federation -lrb- insult -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by mexico 's friendly against mexico at the confederations cup .
captain sam warburton says wales will be ready for the world cup semi - final against new zealand in auckland on saturday .
houghton houghton , one of the most famous players in the world cup , has been celebrated in the republic of ireland .
one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges , eddie hearn , is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges .
police and police officers in england and wales could be forced to operate on public buildings under plans being considered by the police federation .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has won a court case that could see some of the uk 's biggest employers will be allowed to travel to work .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
