when hospitality choe , one of asia 's biggest companies , fast , fast , fast , fast , forward , fast , fast and years .
the republic of ireland 's football team has been postponed due to a waterlogged pitch .
theresa may has said she is ` ` very sorry '' about the uk 's departure from the uk 's trident nuclear missile system .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in the us state of florida , us media report .
ghana 's supreme court has ruled that ghana 's decision to suspend the oil and gas authority -lrb- ivory -rrb- should be reinstated .
belfast city council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of belfast city council areas are to be banned from the city council .
the bbc has confirmed it is investigating footage of an episode of the mummy filmed on the bbc one show .
the families of the victims of the hillsborough disaster have paid tribute to the victims of the hillsborough disaster .
a report into fracking in the uk has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of fracking in the uk .
alongside alongside is one of the most influential women in the world .
sir tom jones has been announced as the new host of bbc one 's strictly come dancing line - up .
tottenham manager craig dyke says he wants to build a new stadium at wembley stadium next season .
great britain 's men 's handball team have qualified for the finals of the european championships in rio .
jeremy corbyn has said labour would be ` ` foolish '' for the uk to stay in the business .
china 's defence ministry has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about china 's missile protection system in the south china sea .
the head teachers ' union has called for a ban on head teachers in the wake of the trojan horse allegations .
the campaign for the 7 may general election has been the subject of the general election campaign .
middlesbrough have signed middlesbrough winger de de teesside on loan until the end of the season .
all images are copyrighted .
exeter city manager derek butterfield says he has no plans to extend his career at the end of the season .
the lawn tennis association -lrb- lta -rrb- has announced plans to create more than # 4 m in funding for the next three years .
a us official has been kidnapped in syria , the us state department says .
one of the uk 's biggest online retailer , bhs , has been sold for # anderson .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on parking in reading .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a poker player in a ` ` savage '' attack .
scotland 's political leaders have been enjoying their seats in the general election .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
a former psni chief has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a police officer in the republic of ireland .
a security alert has been carried out at a security alert in londonderry , police have said .
australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull has announced he will not stand in the australian cabinet .
sevilla 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten 2 - 1 by sevilla in the europa league .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the impact of the welsh government 's decision to leave the european union .
a man has appeared in court in connection with an alleged disturbance at a block of flats in scotland .
a new # 1 coin has been unveiled at the royal mint in london .
a lion has been shot dead in a lion in south africa , officials say .
it is one of the most famous people in the world .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have visited the royal prince of wales for the first time in more than 30 years .
scientists say they have found a way to tackle the risk of pollution in china .
england made it two wins from two in the world cup with a first - half victory over england at twickenham .
wales will face holders toulon in the quarter - finals of the toulon rugby world cup .
the father of lee kuan yew , who has died at the age of 57 , has died at the age of 91 .
a man who raped and sexually assaulted a teenage girl has been jailed for 12 years .
a caravan stolen from the original star wars film has been stolen from a house in cambridgeshire .
police in india say they have charged two men in connection with the alleged kidnapping of a student in the indian city of lahore .
french prosecutors say they have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a man in the french capital , paris .
gloucester 's hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by stade francais .
two teenage boys have been charged in connection with an attack on a teenage boy in dumbarton .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
people have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the west midlands .
league two side crawley town have signed former hibernian goalkeeper graham graham on a one - year contract .
microsoft 's chief executive spencer spencer has told the bbc that he will not be able to buy a virtual reality headset .
middlesex dominated middlesex on day one against middlesex at lord 's .
a consultation on plans to build a new site on the site of a snowdonia airfield is being considered by the welsh government .
a newborn baby has been found on a bus in conwy county .
british soldiers are more likely to be part of the world during world war two , research suggests .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
the bbc 's newsnight editor jeremy corbyn has said the uk will not be able to deal with the uk 's withdrawal from the eu .
lewis hamilton says he is confident ferrari can win the formula 1 world title this year .
an inquest into the death of a teenage soldier who was found dead at deepcut barracks is to be investigated by a coroner .
a police community support officer -lrb- pcso -rrb- has been given a suspended prison sentence for sending indecent images of children .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about donald trump 's role in the investigation into donald trump 's death .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that the scottish government 's plan to build a new # 500 m price project in the scottish borders .
the bbc has been accused of ` ` step '' and ` ` video '' , saying it needs to be ` ` distract '' and ` ` sponsored '' .
a man has been acquitted of the manslaughter of a british man who died in a boating accident .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has confirmed it will launch an unmanned rocket on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
sri lankan police say they are investigating the death of a well - known monk in sri lanka 's capital , colombo .
the former head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , carstens tall , has died at the age of 85 .
the family of a british teenager who was attacked by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his death .
the bbc has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the cancellation of the bbc 's new series of the islamic state militant group .
a man who raped and sexually assaulted two teenage girls has been jailed for three years .
the funeral of former coronation street actor warren warren has taken place in liverpool .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is ` ` confident '' that cardiff city will be able to sign a new manager .
thousands of people have lined the streets of leeds to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the notting hill carnival .
us presidential candidate donald trump has said he is worried about his future in the us presidential election .
prostate cancer is one of the most advanced prostate cancer patients in the world , according to a new study .
one of india 's biggest cyber exchanges , talktalk , has been hit by a criminal cyber - attack , the bbc has learned .
forbes actress forbes forbes has beaten forbes magazine for the first time in more than a decade .
tata steel has announced it is to close its operations in scunthorpe .
gloucester have signed former wales captain james hook on a two - year contract .
grandmother grandmother , a young boy who was shot dead by police in the southern indian state of madhya pradesh , has died at the age of 66 .
derry 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the all - ireland football championship were dashed as they were held to a goalless draw by derry .
talks aimed at settling talks between junior doctors and doctors at the junior doctors ' association -lrb- junior -rrb- are set to go on strike later this month .
the pilot of a plane that crashed into the us territory of alberta has been flown back to the runway .
southend united manager phil brown will miss the rest of the season after being released by southend united .
former world number one barry o'sullivan says he is ready to return to the sport because of a back injury .
london is the most expensive city in the world , according to a new report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most famous people in the world .
former england defender forster forster has been appointed as the new head coach of the super league club .
an investigation is under way after the discovery of a man who went missing from the isles of scilly .
league two side wycombe wanderers will play in the first round of the efl cup for the first time .
the family of a man who died in a football match in northern ireland on saturday have paid tribute to him .
bbc radio 1 has announced that radio 1 will be replaced by the end of the year .
police in the republic of ireland have voted in favour of a ban on the sale of drugs in the republic of ireland .
wolves striker matt henry has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the future of the collapsed pier has been put on hold at the end of the year , it has been announced .
bangladesh 's preparations for the world cup in bangladesh have been postponed after a series of attacks in bangladesh .
it 's been a year of anger at apple 's annual apple conference .
france 's far - right leader marine le pen , the leader of the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , has been elected as the new leader of the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- .
shoppers are being warned about the dangers of shopping in the uk for the first time in more than two years .
the chairman of the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- , lord myners , has called on the uk government to intervene in the wake of the financial scandal .
author john macdonald has been named as the bbc 's new book of the year award .
the republic of ireland 's constitutional court has approved a bill that would allow abortions to be transferred to the republic of ireland .
in the wake of the manchester terror attack , the bbc 's heavily stop looks at some of the most memorable moments of the year .
the number of people living in the uk has more than doubled in the last decade , according to a new study .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in caerphilly county .
wales ' hopes of reaching the six nations quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by wales in cardiff .
more than 100 people have been killed in an avalanche in indonesia 's capital , indonesia , officials say .
the bbc 's director of tv , jeremy paxman , has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that he is ` ` suddenly '' and ` ` suddenly '' .
rory mcilroy shot a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the arnold palmer invitational in texas .
nigeria international 20-year - old bissouma has signed a two - year contract extension with the club .
teachers in england and wales have been criticised for posting racist comments on social media .
tens of thousands of people have been affected by flooding in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh , officials say .
do you think you know what happened this year in the uk this year ?
the uk is to ban the use of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria , the secretary of state has said .
scarlets lock liam williams has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
newcastle falcons prop rob 29 has been ruled out for the rest of the season because of a neck injury .
former world number one rory mcilroy has pulled out of the abu dhabi championship because of a wrist injury .
plans for a new # 200 m redevelopment of manchester city centre have been approved by the city council .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been captured in the iraqi city of mosul .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn phillips says he is ` ` planning to use boxing '' as he prepares to defend his ibf world title defence .
more than 100 workers in the uk have been forced to leave their homes in the uk , the home office has said .
online retail giant amazon has said it is in talks with the european union over the sale of goods in europe .
italy coach antonio conte has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
a pilot has been killed in a plane crash in the northern syrian city of rescuers , officials say .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the metal glow of hills .
an inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a pond has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by an inquest .
video game publisher dong has been removed from the latest video game game of thrones .
the us space agency 's -lrb- lightning -rrb- rocket has begun its first test .
scientists at the university of california say they have developed a genetically modified organ .
in the wake of gordon burke 's return to the scotland squad , scotland striker chris burke is set to be the most successful player in the world .
dundee united midfielder jim goodwin has been charged by the football association for failing to control his players .
it 's been a year for england manager paul lambert .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most famous people in the world .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for raping a 15-year - old girl .
there has been a big rise in the number of primary school places in england , the bbc has learned .
more than 100 migrants have been killed in an attack on a boat carrying migrants off the libyan coast , the libyan navy says .
two men have been jailed for the attempted murder of a fife man in fife .
a decision on the future of a former liverpool theatre has been given the go - ahead by the government .
chesterfield 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by 10-man chesterfield .
north korea has fired two ballistic missiles into the sea , the us military says .
the bank of england 's chief economist has said the uk economy is ` ` not good enough '' after the uk voted to leave the european union .
the fbi has released documents from the fbi over the fbi 's handling of the fbi 's handling of the us presidential election .
a paedophile who was convicted of raping a 15-year - old girl has been found guilty of child sex offences .
scottish football association chief executive ian wishart has criticised scottish football association rules on gambling and gambling .
shares in the world 's biggest online retailer , the world 's biggest shopping centre , have filed for the first time in more than two years .
the leader of the democratic republic of congo , joseph kabila , has been sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo .
the chief constable of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been sacked by the police and crime commissioner .
substitute charlie austin scored a late winner as southampton came from behind to beat southampton in the premier league .
facebook says it has developed a system that aims to identify the world 's first smart satellite .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being attacked by a police dog .
all pictures are copyrighted .
germany 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the first quarter of 2016 , according to official figures .
police in northern ireland have appealed for calm after a police officer was racially abused by a police officer .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has called for a ban on the sale of children 's health in australia .
police investigating the murder of a man in south lanarkshire have launched a fresh appeal for information .
it 's been a year since apple 's new apple chief was released by the bbc .
the body of a former nuclear power station in the republic of ireland has been demolished , the city council has said .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has condemned the armed forces in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
warren gatland has been named in the british and irish lions squad for saturday 's test against australia in auckland on saturday .
facebook chief executive peter thiel has defended his decision to take legal action against facebook .
a court in germany has ordered the arrest of a syrian refugee who was killed in germany last year .
the liberal democrats have said they will not be able to pay for the nhs in england if the party wins the general election .
a south korean woman has been suspended from the south korean state of south korea after being found guilty of corruption .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a device was found at a house in londonderry .
an inquest into the deaths of two protestant men in northern ireland has been postponed because of a lack of evidence .
classic dickens has become the first british actor to win the prestigious classic of the year .
a dutch court has sentenced a dutch soldier to life in prison for his role in a massacre in the netherlands .
all images are copyrighted .
booker prize - winning author hilary hilary has been named the winner of the year for the first time .
a council has been told to pay more than # 300,000 for a woman who died after being scalded in a swimming pool .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has hit back at criticism of the republican presidential candidate , enrique pena nieto .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in plymouth .
hartlepool boosted their league two play - off hopes with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for causing the death of a man in a car crash .
a man has died after being hit by a car in county donegal .
south africa captain ab de villiers has announced his retirement from international cricket .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has signed a new four - year deal with the club .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
pope benedict xvi has become one of the most influential people in the world .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` african - american '' in the wake of the us presidential election campaign .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in luton .
birmingham city women came from behind to beat birmingham city in the women 's super league one spring series .
plans for a new # 91 m entertainment arena in bristol have been unveiled by the city council .
gylfi sigurdsson says swansea city 's poor start to the season came to an end as they lost to swansea .
the chairman of the house of lords has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the national security agency .
it has been a momentous year for the welsh government 's decision to leave the european union .
a council has said it will not accept a ban on smoking in a bid to stop smoking in the city .
a new court has approved plans for a new court on the grounds of the queen 's 90th birthday .
partick thistle manager david osman says he has no intention of staying in the premier league .
world champion marc marquez secured his first motogp win of the season with victory at the catalunya grand prix .
a man has been jailed for six years for raping a woman with a single punch in kent .
more than 100 people have been rescued from the sea in myanmar 's aceh province , officials say .
andy murray and novak djokovic are on course to reach the french open final for the first time since 1936 .
the former head of the international olympic committee -lrb- hitler -rrb- has apologised to the former president of the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended from the labour party after a row over racism .
a man has been shot dead in the belgian capital , paris , killing at least two people , police say .
tsai ing - wen is the most powerful woman in taiwan .
the british and irish lions came from behind to beat the british and irish lions in the first test against the british and irish lions .
leinster secured their first win of the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
the leader of a highland council has said he will not be able to sell the independence of his former home .
a new # 40 m hospital in taunton has been given the go - ahead by the government .
there has been a surge in the number of people living in the uk in the middle east .
hundreds of eggs have been stolen from a dorset harbour .
the australian state of labor has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to ban the practice of a school in australia .
the supreme court in mauritania has ruled that the country 's supreme court has upheld a ban on the use of the prophet muhammad .
a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a police officer in a police station .
a woman from birmingham has created a bake version of her factory cake .
gb taekwondo 's governing body has said it is ` ` disappointed '' gb taekwondo have been excluded from the selection of the gb taekwondo team .
a public consultation has been launched into plans for a new # 3 m library in powys .
the number of often rspb in the uk has risen for the first time in more than two years .
police in the northern mexican state of veracruz are investigating the death of a journalist who was shot dead by police in the northern city of reporters .
pope francis has arrived in kenya 's capital , nairobi , where he is due to arrive in the capital , nairobi .
the number of people being diagnosed with cancer in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to new figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the deadly ebola outbreak in sierra leone .
one of australia 's biggest proposed brewers , kkr twe , has been bought by a group of kkr group kkr .
a number of flights have been cancelled in the republic of ireland after a number of flights were cancelled .
a man has appeared in court in belfast charged with child sex abuse .
hundreds of people have taken to the streets of bristol to protest against the closure of weston - super - mare 's dismaland theme park .
two people were taken to hospital after a ` ` disturbance '' at a golf club in essex .
michael mullins won the cheltenham grand national at aintree to win the cheltenham gold cup at punchestown .
torquay united have signed striker myles anderson on a one - year deal following his release by national league rivals torquay united .
inverness caledonian thistle have agreed a deal to sign defender liam davies on loan until the end of the season .
wakefield director of rugby andy carter says it is ` ` very disappointing '' for the club 's poor start to the season .
a mental health trust in lincolnshire has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
a soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for shooting dead a soldier in south korea .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
a man has been reunited with his owner 's pet shop after he was caught in a shop in cardiff .
the fbi has filed a lawsuit against the fbi over the death of a man in the us state of los angeles .
a leeds united employee has been sacked after being sacked for gross misconduct .
the united nations has become the first country in the world to be the next president of the united nations .
pakistan has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- for the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
bournemouth midfielder danny wilson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
an animal welfare organisation has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by the animal welfare organisation -lrb- tourists -rrb- for animal protection .
a collection of john lennon 's former beatles band john lennon has sold at auction for # 1962 .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
national league side chester have signed birmingham city midfielder lloyd lloyd on a one - month loan deal .
the uk 's communications watchdog has warned that the internet could be used to hack on the internet .
police in china say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car .
the chief executive of wales ' largest health board has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the welsh government 's response to the deaths of two patients .
fleetwood town have signed defender david davis from fleetwood town for an undisclosed fee .
leicester missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by west ham .
the indian government has announced plans to sell up to $ 8.5 bn -lrb- Â # india -rrb- to buy online drug sales .
carrick rangers have signed northern ireland midfielder michael mcallister on a deal until the end of the season .
a teenage boy has been stabbed to death at a school in bradford .
lee westwood says he has no regrets about becoming the first scot to win the open at royal birkdale .
scottish teenager 16-year - old 16-year - old has become the first scottish player to win the scottish women 's singles championship .
michael wright won the pdc world darts championship with victory in the final of the pdc world darts championship .
plans to build a county quarry on the site of a former woodland site in kent have been submitted to the county council .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says his side have a ` ` great chance '' of winning the championship play - offs with a win over kilmarnock .
councillors have voted in favour of planning permission for a new hotel in perth .
rb leipzig fans have been taking legal action against borussia dortmund over the death of red bull owner rb leipzig .
it 's been a year since thailand 's longest beach arrived in the southern indian city of thailand .
the authorities in the venezuelan capital , madrid , have begun a series of measures aimed at ending a series of anti - government protests .
oscar pistorius , the south african athlete accused of murdering south african athlete oscar pistorius , has told the trial of oscar pistorius 's murder trial .
a bank of scotland bank has apologised after a cash machine was found in a cash machine .
one of the world 's most famous actors , jack walsh , is taking part in a video game in los angeles .
st johnstone manager mixu paatelainen praised his side 's ` ` unbelievable '' as they beat st johnstone in the scottish premiership .
nigeria 's main opposition party has won the presidential elections in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- in the capital , abuja .
the uk government is ` ` not entitled '' to the uk leaving the european union , the head of the scottish independence party has said .
a stretch of the river don in bristol is to be closed for the first time in more than two years .
landlords in england and wales will be allowed to leave the home office under plans being considered by the home office .
more than half of uk beaches in the uk are being warned about the dangers of litter , according to a survey .
the cia has released details of a classified code of information about the cia 's code of computer code .
this year 's edinburgh international festival will be held in edinburgh later this year .
the editor of the guardian newspaper , bob gill , has died at the age of 82 .
former england and england striker jimmy greaves has died at the age of 72 .
the grand depart of the world grand prix will be held in london later this year .
the national audit office has been criticised by the national audit office -lrb- sfo -rrb- for failing to properly fund the national audit office .
scotland 's finance secretary , george osborne , has told the bbc he will not be able to change the budget for the next two years .
ukip 's deputy leader , suzanne evans , has said she will stand in the party 's leadership contest .
wrexham have appointed dean keates as their new manager on a two - year deal .
police investigating the murder of a woman whose body was found in a canal in west yorkshire have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the killer 's murder .
chelsea are the biggest club in the premier league , according to chelsea boss jose mourinho .
one of iran 's most influential women , chief outfit , has been banned from entering the country .
league one strugglers oldham athletic have been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
the number of homeless homeless people in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to official figures .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was threatened with a knife in lurgan , county antrim .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key questions in syria .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship at wentworth .
a man has been rescued from the roof of a house in greater manchester .
the world 's largest marine marine , marine marine , has announced plans to create a new marine marine reserve in antarctica .
thousands of fake medicines have been banned from selling medicines in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru yn dweud eu bod yn ` ` ar mae '' wrth iddyn nhw ' n cael eu r o ' r broses o adael yr undeb ewropeaidd .
manchester city striker kevin de bruyne has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
world number one ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the world championship quarter - finals .
an investigation has begun into the death of a man who was killed in an explosion in the italian city of dawn .
formula 1 driver jenson button says he has been ` ` disappointed '' by formula 1 's governing body for the belgian grand prix .
an iranian newspaper has been ordered to pay $ 200,000 -lrb- Â # article -rrb- in damages from the us and uk governments .
a memorial has been unveiled to mark the first anniversary of the death of a man in bath .
the front pages of scotland 's newspapers have been reacting to the front pages of the scottish tabloids .
motorists are being warned about the dangers of flooding on the county 's roads , the county council has said .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has told the bbc that scotland would be open to a deal with the european union .
a resultant stretch of the river severn has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
us financial services firm sigma has announced it is to close its headquarters in dumfries and galloway .
the scottish government is to cut funding cuts to the sport in a bid to cut funding for sport funding .
a 92-year - old woman has been found guilty of stealing # 100,000 from her employer .
a swan has been shot dead by a swan in fife .
former south african president mandela coetzee has died at the age of 88 .
an investigation has begun into the cause of a crash on the avon in bath .
a woman has gone on trial accused of murdering a two - year - old boy at a house in fife .
donald trump has cancelled the inauguration of donald trump 's inauguration at the inauguration of donald trump .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most important 'd .
a hospital in wrexham has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health board .
technology giant hp has said it is ` ` deeply disappointed '' that the company 's decision to ban the use of its smart phones is ` ` unacceptable '' .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a car in wolverhampton .
plans for a new road bridge in county down have been given the go - ahead by the county council .
scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur , which could be the world 's oldest dinosaur .
finance minister arlene foster has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
league one side northampton town have announced plans to build a new stand at st mary 's park .
britain 's johanna konta beat world number one angelique kerber to reach the second round of the australian open .
a supermarket chain has apologised after an image of a ` ` farmers '' image image was posted on a supermarket in devon .
one of the world 's most famous yn has been sold at auction for # colwyn .
the president of the brazilian city of rio de janeiro has told the bbc that he will not attend the 2016 rio olympics .
hull fc winger joe mason has signed a new two - year deal with the super league club .
the evacuation of a world war two bomb has been set up in the german city of germany .
badminton has been awarded # 43 m by uk sport 's decision to withdraw its funding for rio 2016 .
jack marriott scored the only goal of the game as relegation - threatened bristol came from behind to beat bristol city at the amex stadium .
the 2016 eurovision song contest will be held in stockholm later this year .
premier league clubs are being investigated by the football association for failing to monitor anti - doping .
great britain 's giles scott won olympic gold in the men 's kayak race at the rio olympics .
virgin galactic has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a jet crashed on the virgin island of virgin galactic , killing two people .
the gaa football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has announced that the gaelic football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- will be renamed gaelic football club -lrb- cushendall -rrb- .
world number one andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the atp world tour finals with victory over stan wawrinka in paris .
a new section of the m74 between glasgow and glasgow has reopened after the completion of a new section of the m74 .
the family of a five - year - old boy who died after being diagnosed with malaria have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of his son .
frayssinous frayssinous has been named as the new coach of the french women 's super league .
hearts have signed goalkeeper lee alexander on a one - year deal following his release by hearts .
lance armstrong says he is ` ` shocked '' and ` ` ashamed '' of his career after he was found guilty of doping .
the chief executive of the co - op bank , mike ashley , is to step down as chief executive of the bank of scotland .
more than a third of people in england are suffering from mental health problems , a report has said .
it has been a turbulent week for british prime minister david cameron .
castleford tigers have signed castleford tigers forward chase chase for the rest of the season .
more than # 1 m has been spent on improving council tax in somerset , the council has said .
a new project has been launched to find a new species of wildlife in norfolk .
google has failed to pay a $ 400,000 -lrb- Â # ved -rrb- loan to a hacker who had been wrongly sent to the internet .
grimsby 's unbeaten start to the league two season continued as they drew at grimsby .
police in the us city of ferguson have shot dead a black teenager who was shot dead by police in the us city of ferguson .
burton albion have signed hull city midfielder jack crooks on loan until the end of the season .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has announced plans to sell its stake in australia for the first time .
the loch ness monster 's loch ness monster has been put up for sale .
there has been a dramatic rise in the number of people taking part in the world 's biggest economies .
the number of bees in the european union has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to a report .
a mother and her six - year - old son have died in a house fire in neath port talbot .
a us hacker has been sentenced to six years in prison for the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the us .
an rnli lifeboat station has launched its first lifeboat station .
in the wake of the death of patients at a hospital in england and wales , the bbc has learned that patients who have died of cancer are being treated as ` ` hospitals '' .
the number of people using their personal finances in northern ireland has risen by more than a third in the past year .
scotland 's mountain snowsports programme has seen its busiest weekend in a row , according to ski - scotland .
plans to close a berkshire station in berkshire have been put on hold .
this year 's aberdeen fringe festival has been launched .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead at a house in north belfast .
oxford united have signed oxford united striker patrick roberts on loan until the end of the season .
david cameron has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's departure from the european union .
a man and a woman have died in a fire at a house in west lothian .
a former teacher has been found guilty of raping and sexually abusing boys at a school in nottinghamshire .
wales women came from behind to beat ospreys in the women 's six nations in colwyn bay .
former leyton orient striker chris cox says he wants to stay at the club until the end of the season .
talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk , talktalk and talktalk , the talktalk cyber - attack has said .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are to be given the opportunity to visit the queen 's 90th birthday .
police in spain 's catalonia region have held an independence referendum in barcelona to mark the independence referendum .
leicester city manager craig shakespeare says he wants to stay as leicester manager until the end of the season .
a man and a woman have died in a building at a building in the spanish city of spain , local officials say .
it 's been a year since rugby coach eddie jones began his reign as england head coach on saturday .
the head of the international football council -lrb- dfb -rrb- has called for an investigation into allegations of corruption in the sport .
theresa may has promised to change the way it manages the uk government 's future in the wake of the brexit vote .
ukip leader nigel dodds has called for the nhs to do more to tackle immigration in the uk .
the us space agency 's -lrb- nasa -rrb- is to launch a probe version of its solar system .
partick thistle moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle .
the parents of a five - year - old boy who died in a car crash in shropshire have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
police in california say they have found the body of a woman who went missing in the us state of california .
the scottish government has announced plans to build more homes in the south of scotland .
a hong kong court has sentenced two pro - democracy activists to two years in prison for inciting racial violence .
a cancer charity has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the world 's largest cancer charity .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the progression of type 2 diabetes .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a hit - and - run crash .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of devolution to the welsh government .
a new oxford has been unveiled in oxford for the first time .
a former welsh government minister has called on the welsh government to ban tenancy fees in england and wales .
russia 's prime minister has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about russia 's decision to leave the european union .
the number of people in england and wales in england and wales is at its highest level for more than a decade , a report says .
a police officer has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in northern ireland .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a stabbing in east london .
scotland head coach vern cotter says scotland 's new head coach vern cotter will not be fit for this year 's six nations .
an investigation has been launched after a man was hit by a train on the isle of wight .
at least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a military base in south - eastern turkey , officials say .
the church of england has announced plans to invest # 2.5 bn to invest in the church of england .
the bank of england has reported a rise in mortgage activity in the first three months of the year .
hibernian moved to within two points of scottish championship leaders hibernian with a comfortable victory over queen of the south .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in neath port talbot .
argentina 's lionel messi has said he will not be fit for the 2018 world cup qualifiers against argentina on sunday .
german chancellor angela merkel has told the bbc that the ` ` win '' of german chancellor angela merkel 's decision to quit the eu .
the father of a man accused of murdering a vulnerable man has told a court he was ` ` too scared '' to do so .
league one leaders oldham came from behind to beat league one side oldham in the fa cup third round .
steven eddie has been named as the new star of the daily telegraph .
more than a third of people in the uk are conned out of scams , according to a new report .
former england all - rounder lewis hamilton has signed a new contract with the championship club .
first minister carwyn jones has called for an end to immigration in the uk , saying it is ` ` ludicrous '' and ` ` ludicrous '' .
accrington stanley 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at accrington .
the president of liberia 's national assembly , william weah , has been sworn in as the new president of the united nations .
irish sprinter jason smyth says he is ready to compete at next month 's olympic games in rio .
it 's been a year since father lee kuan yew was born with his family .
police in india say they have arrested two women in connection with the death of a woman in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh .
a 19th century art project has been unveiled at a museum in glasgow .
waringstown have been named in the northern ireland squad for the first round of the inaugural women 's six nations .
it 's been a tough year for public sector spending .
the world 's most popular music song has been named the most popular music song of 2015 .
the number of ethnic minority ethnic minority students in hong kong has more than doubled in the past five years , according to a new study .
the world 's most famous tennis player , frances leah , has been born at wimbledon .
bristol city head coach danny sturrock says he will not be surprised by his squad for saturday 's six nations game against england .
goldman sachs , the us bank of goldman sachs bank , is to move its headquarters in the us .
scientists have built a prototype battery capable of dissolving .
world number one angelique kerber beat world number one angelique kerber to reach the quarter - finals of the us open .
four people have been arrested in italy in connection with the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group , the italian police say .
samsung has announced that it is investing $ 1bn -lrb- Â # electronics bn -rrb- in a deal worth more than $ 1bn -lrb- Â # electronics -rrb- .
oscar - winning actress jane fonda has become the first woman to be honoured at this year 's kennedy awards .
queens park rangers have signed queens park rangers midfielder queens park on a one - month loan deal .
a former nhs boss has been struck off after being found guilty of making indecent images of children .
a group of dark has been named in the bbc 's sound of the year award .
oscar - winning actress alfred gillan is to star in a new film adaptation of the galaxy star wars : the force awakens .
nasa 's curiosity rover , the mars rover , has returned to the surface of mars .
a decision on whether to build a new farm in the forest of dean has been rejected by the high court .
a rare bird of prey in south africa has been put up for sale .
two police officers have been injured in clashes between police and security officers in northern ireland .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on the north west coast of england for the first time in more than 30 years .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after falling from a road in bury is being investigated by a coroner .
samsung has become the first in the world to introduce a smartphone capable of using smartphones and smartphones .
a cross - party group of mps has written to the prime minister calling for the uk to leave the european union .
national grid has launched a national grid plan to build a national power station in cumbria .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said the uk government 's decision to leave the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' for northern ireland .
the border between the united states and the united states and the border between mexico and the united states , the border between the united states and the united states .
more than a third of the uk 's most wanted criminals have been targeted by criminals , according to a new report .
a man who raped a woman in her own home has been jailed for eight years .
wales manager chris coleman says he is ` ` surprised '' by wales ' euro 2016 squad as he prepares for the euro 2016 finals .
police in sweden have arrested a man they suspect of trying to hack into the internet .
at least two people have died after a fire broke out at a freight train in the us state of georgia .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the uk should stay in the european union .
head coach lee johnson says there will be no rush to head coach lee johnson and assistant head coach eddie jones .
one of the world 's most famous british , hitchcock vertigo , has been named the world 's most expensive film of the year .
the mother of a baby boy who was found dead at a house in rhondda cynon taff has been named .
the mayor of south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- has announced it will use cars in the capital , pretoria .
serbia coach branislav ivanovic says he will be fit to face wales in the 2018 world cup qualifier in cardiff on saturday .
former yeovil town captain michael howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a house in glasgow .
michael phelps has become the first british athlete to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
connacht 's 22-year - old 22-year - old has signed a new two - year deal with the premiership club .
belgium 's demare arnaud has been disqualified from the tour de france after finishing second in the first race of the tour de france .
a man who died after being hit by a car in south lanarkshire has been named by police .
a man who stabbed a teenager to death in a street attack has been jailed for life .
alsop alsop is one of the most influential singers in the world of classical music .
a review of the freedom of information commissioner jack straw has been launched by the government .
tributes have been paid to died handel , who has died at the age of 89 .
bournemouth manager dave king says the club 's relegation from the premier league is ` ` the best way of the season '' .
it 's been a year since the death of a documentary about the death of a film director of the cannes film festival , writes the bbc 's geeta pandey .
tributes have been paid to boxer muhammad ali , who has died at the age of 74 .
nigeria 's capital , addis ababa , has been forced to close its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
the international database of the world 's biggest online data system is being launched in the united states .
a community community in the western indian city of tourists is one of the most remote areas in the world .
scotland 's first minister alex salmond has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future in the house of commons .
a man has been jailed for three years for attempting to murder her baby daughter , who was found dead at her home .
concerns have been raised about the future of national parks in wales .
borussia dortmund continued their perfect start to the bundesliga season with a comfortable victory over wolfsburg .
online courses for online courses are likely to be higher , according to the world 's leading online online courses .
jazz musician indonesian indonesian has died at the age of 74 , his family has announced .
voyage voyage , included voyage and nocturnal voyage are among the winners at this year 's venice film festival .
the world 's largest nuclear power plant in chernobyl has been destroyed in a controlled explosion .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important women in the world .
an investigation is under way after a man was hit by a car on the outskirts of belfast .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car at a county antrim college have lost an appeal against his conviction .
the son of former cia leader sheikh mohammed lady has been sentenced to life in prison in the united states .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a shia muslim teenager in iraq 's capital , baghdad , officials say .
a united arab emirates worker has been found guilty of human rights abuses in the united arab emirates .
a man has been found dead at a house in west sussex .
the bbc has learned that labour leader tom watson has been leaked from the party 's election manifesto .
legoland 's legoland park has been forced to close for the first time since the end of the year , organisers have said .
the home office is to appeal against the government 's handling of the detention system in england and wales .
gopro , the world 's biggest drone maker , has announced it is cutting its operations in the us .
glasgow school of art has become the most successful city in the world to be named in the queen 's birthday honours .
harlequins have signed south africa lock 27-year - old south on a two - year deal .
the bbc has confirmed it will be working for a new base in the scottish channel as part of a new bbc news programme .
plans for a new centre centre in inverness have been approved by the scottish government .
house prices in the uk fell by 5 % in the first three months of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
myanmar 's first female president , aung san suu kyi , has been chosen as the first female president of the san suu minority .
plans for a # 35 m refurbishment of the palace of crystal palace have been revealed .
actor freeze arguably , who has died at the age of 93 , has died at the age of 85 .
david cameron has a lot to ponder .
oldham athletic have offered a deal to sign oldham athletic striker ched evans on a free transfer .
the number of people watching the box office in the uk rose by more than 50 % in the last year , according to new figures .
one of the world 's most famous permission attractions has been officially opened .
a driver who died when his car crashed into a parked car has been described as a ` ` tragic gentleman '' by a coroner .
the uk economy grew by 0.4 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he is not interested in signing manchester united midfielder david de gea .
victims of child sex abuse in greater manchester have been told they can not be prosecuted , a bbc investigation has found .
derbyshire have signed south africa all - rounder james taylor on a one - month loan deal .
former world number one abby wambach has announced her retirement from international football .
walsall have signed midfielder jon bradshaw on a two - year deal following his release by league one rivals walsall .
it 's one of the most famous british musicians in the world .
the uk government has announced plans to introduce a ban on smoking in tobacco in the uk .
league one side sheffield wednesday have signed birmingham city defender makris makris on a season - long loan deal .
a dress worn by actress lupita nyong ' outfit has been stolen from a hotel in los angeles .
plaid cymru 's leader leanne wood has defended her party 's stance on the general election , saying the party is ` ` unbroken '' .
the new york times will be held in the united states for the first time in more than 30 years .
a man who died after being hit by a car in west yorkshire has been named by police .
the boss of turkey 's airport has said it is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the collapse of the country 's biggest airport in turkey .
at least 19 people have been killed in clashes between police and security forces in the pakistani city of lahore , officials say .
a flintshire schoolgirl who was convicted of raping a schoolgirl in 1976 has been jailed for life .
at least 12 soldiers have been killed in clashes between rival armed forces in ivory coast , officials say .
oldham athletic have signed striker scott ngoo on a two - year deal following his release by liverpool .
the bank of england and the uk 's biggest banks have called for an independent review of the uk 's tax laws .
a book has been found to be the oldest book of a children 's book .
the number of bus services in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , the welsh government has said .
a public inquiry into plans to build a new forest in kent has been given the go - ahead .
all pictures are copyrighted .
stevenage have signed striker charlie middleton on a two - year deal following his release by stevenage .
us president - elect donald trump 's decision to leave the white house has taken place in the white house .
the beatles ' record album , artwork , has been named the uk 's first album of the year .
a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a van in oxfordshire has been named by police .
wales coach warren gatland says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's performance at the world cup in cardiff on saturday .
the number of vocational apprenticeships in england has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , a report says .
the number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , figures show .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about plans to build a floating wind farm off the western isles .
mae nifer y un o ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi eraill ' r r sy ' n elusen ' r r oes .
national league side southport have signed former macclesfield town defender jon parkin on a one - year deal .
david cameron has resigned as prime minister for the first time since the resignation of david cameron .
world number two angelique kerber has pulled out of the australian open after losing to the second round of the women 's world cup .
boyd boyd is to be named as the new director of the royal bond society -lrb- story -rrb- .
the authorities in russia have blocked a ban on the sale of electronic pornography websites , the government has said .
the uk 's intelligence inquiry into the iraq war has been described as ` ` extremely troubling '' by the uk government .
the battle to retake the iraqi city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the city of tal afar , the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
republic of ireland boss martin o'neill says republic of ireland boss ronald koeman should not be rushed to the republic of ireland .
more than 100 people have been arrested in connection with clashes between police and protesters at a police station in kent .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in aberdeen .
two men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of two men in craigavon , county armagh .
wales hooker ken owens has revealed he is retiring from the rugby world cup .
australia 's immigration minister peter dutton has called for an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at a detention centre in australia .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in essex .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has agreed to pay # adjournment m from hm revenue & customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- .
the archbishop of canterbury has called on the uk government to resettle refugees from syrian refugees .
the leader of northampton town football club has resigned .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about a rise in the number of drivers on the isle of wight .
electronics giant apple has reported a record profit of $ maker -lrb- # taiwanese -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
when justin gatlin announced his retirement from athletics at the age of 37 .
the greek prime minister , alexis tsipras , has called for a referendum on greece 's membership of the eurozone .
a fire firm has apologised after a fire broke out at a house in london .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a project to build the world 's first network satellite .
league two side newport county have parted company with manager graham taylor .
a report into the governance of sport wales has been criticised by the auditor general .
the chief executive of sussex ambulance service has said the service is ` ` not good enough '' for the service .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a crash on the m6 in staffordshire .
chelsea ladies reached the women 's fa cup final with a 2 - 0 win over chelsea ladies at the women 's continental cup .
world number one jason day carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
a court in the indian city of mumbai has ruled that a transgender transgender woman will not be allowed to go to the country 's supreme court .
wales manager chris coleman is hopeful chris coleman will remain as wales manager until the end of the season .
the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- has announced it will merge with the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- .
fifa president michel platini has called for a boycott of the bidding process to become fifa president .
ben ainslie became the first british rider to win the world cup for the first time in four years as they beat oracle build - up to win the build - up cup .
a california judge has released a prison sentence for a convicted rapist who was released from prison in california .
motherwell moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle .
us president donald trump has said he would like to meet us president donald trump in the white house .
the number of women taking part in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder sean mcclean on a two - year deal .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who died when a car crashed into a lake in staffordshire has been discharged from hospital .
the number of people suffering from heart disease in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to official figures .
loganair has been awarded # three - year m from the scottish government for the first time in its history .
a wind turbine has been rescued from a wind farm in county tyrone .
the death of a three - year - old girl who was mauled to death in northamptonshire was ` ` inadequate '' , a report has found .
conservative mp phil parkinson has been elected as the new mayor of the south east .
the government is to introduce a new air force to tackle diesel cars in the uk .
a russian man has been found dead in a lake in the northern nigerian city of debris , the country 's interior ministry says .
business secretary sajid javid has called for a global meeting with the global steel industry .
militants from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group have arrived in the northern iraqi city of mosul after being kidnapped by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has lost his appeal against the football league 's disciplinary panel .
ian poulter won his first european tour title by beating fellow englishman ian poulter in the first round of the us pga championship .
a man has been sent to a house in spain after being found in a suitcase in spain .
a man has been arrested in connection with the alleged theft of the duchess of cambridge , police have said .
hull city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they came from behind to beat hull city at the kcom stadium .
a record number of people have been caught up on the uk 's hottest day of the year so far .
chelsea have appointed former chelsea boss jose mourinho as their new manager .
crystal palace manager alan pardew says he is interested in signing crystal palace winger yannick bolasie .
work is under way for a multi - million pound building at a former bangor building in bangor .
it has been a year of strike and questions about the future of the nhs in england .
former manchester united and netherlands legend johan cruyff has died at the age of 72 .
the daughter of a baby born in the western indian state of uttar pradesh has been reunited with her newborn daughter .
two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man in county antrim have been released without charge .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the government 's plan to repeal the government 's controversial brexit bill .
police in israel say they are investigating the alleged death of a jewish student in the auschwitz concentration camp .
a man who downloaded child abuse images and videos of child abuse has been jailed for five years .
more than half of the uk 's top employers are struggling to recruit more young people , according to a new study .
joe root has been named as england 's test captain for the third test against south africa .
a driver has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a woman in a crash on the m1 .
america 's new president , donald trump , has been named as the world 's most powerful nation .
two men from belfast have been remanded in custody after being found guilty of conspiring to supply drugs and cocaine .
the mother of a woman who was found dead in a house in west london has been sentenced to life in prison .
one of mexico 's most wanted drug gangs has been shot dead in the mexican city of el salvador , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in bristol .
the scottish government has announced plans to build a new bridge between inverness and perth .
too many academy schools in england are failing to improve standards , the local government association says .
brighton striker hal robson - kanu will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
uk broadband speeds are more likely to be connected to the uk 's broadband network , according to a new report .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has apologised after a fire broke out at a london underground station .
wales ' mark wallace has become the first welsh player to win the welsh rugby union 's history .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
syrian government forces have retaken control of the strategically important town of latakia , activists say .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in monmouthshire .
world heavyweight champion tyson fury will fight tyson fury at the british heavyweight title on 29 may .
championship side fulham have signed striker benedicic benedicic on a season - long loan from italian serie a side atalanta .
a former police officer has been jailed for five years for taking part in a drugs operation .
plans for a new specialist cancer unit in cardiff have been approved by the health board .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the world 's largest economies , is the world 's biggest sovereign economy .
a new treatment for children with learning disabilities has been launched by the welsh government .
a charity set up to help people affected by the death of a woman in the uk has died .
somerset have signed south africa all - rounder stiaan van der 30-year - old on a two - year contract .
the restoration of a cathedral cathedral has been given the go - ahead by the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
australian prime minister tony abbott has apologised for comments he made about australia 's ambassador to australia .
bournemouth have signed striker jermain defoe from premier league rivals bournemouth for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on wednesday , with the ftse 100 index seeing the ftse 100 index lower .
the fbi has filed a lawsuit against the fbi over the murder of a man in san bernardino , california .
thousands of people have taken part in a school in rio de janeiro , brazil .
claims , the world 's biggest burning oil company , has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the country 's oil industry .
the us and cuba have agreed to resume talks with the us president , raul castro , in a new diplomatic relations with cuba .
west ham manager slaven bilic has been sacked by the football association for failing to control his side .
former newcastle united striker michael vaughan says he is ready to return to the premier league this season .
britain 's double olympic champion nicola adams says she is relishing the chance to compete at the olympic games in las vegas .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in edinburgh .
when theresa may visits to the european union this week , it was a very important year for the uk to leave the european union .
thousands of people have taken part in japan 's first city of japan , in japan .
exports in the uk rose by 5 % in the first half of this year , according to new figures .
the number of police officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a russian court has sentenced two russian dancers to six years in jail for a string of sex offences against a dance school in russia .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
it 's been a tough week for ed miliband and ed miliband , ed miliband and ed miliband .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in east london .
labour leadership contender liz kendall has said she will not stand in the race to become labour leader .
the maximum number of betting terminals in england and wales will be introduced by the government , the government has said .
a protest has been held in the northern ireland town of fr in northern ireland .
50-year - old callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of irish premiership side coleraine .
sony has announced that it will resume production for the first time in more than 30 years .
the governor of the us state of nebraska has called for an end to the general election .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the uk 's financial crisis will be a ` ` disaster '' for the uk economy .
former west indies captain phil simmons has been suspended from the west indies squad after being suspended by west indies .
russell knox says he is ready to return to the top of the scottish open after being named in the new year honours list .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was found at a house in west belfast .
the father of a three - year - old boy who was killed in syria has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his father .
scientists say they have found a way to treat the ` ` killing '' of cells infections .
a flight from edinburgh to edinburgh was diverted to edinburgh airport after it was diverted to edinburgh airport .
a former aide to iran 's prime minister has been found guilty of her murder in iran .
the new chief executive of the bt , joe garner , has announced he is stepping down .
two men have been arrested after a police officer was arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m relay team won gold in the men 's scratch pursuit at the world championships in london .
ufc featherweight champion conor mcgregor has pulled out of the ultimate fighting championship in las vegas because of a back injury .
more than # 1 m has been raised to the public for the first time in more than 200 years .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the global economy .
defence secretary michael fallon and defence secretary sir michael fallon and defence secretary sir michael fallon and defence secretary sir michael fallon .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about morocco 's bid to reach the african union -lrb- au -rrb- .
former england and leeds united footballer keith carlisle has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of driving and driving .
england boss roy hodgson says his side 's euro 2016 quarter - final against england will be the ` ` best team in the world '' .
cambodia 's former prime minister and former leader of cambodia 's khmer rouge are to stand trial in the hague .
a man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in county tyrone .
wrexham have appointed former wrexham boss gary saunders as their new manager .
a woman in her 70s has been rescued from a house fire in the republic of ireland .
the eurovision song contest will be eurovision to mark the end of the eurovision song contest .
a ` ` substantial '' increase in income tax rates has been raised by the welsh government .
australia 's great barrier reef has killed more than 100 million hectares -lrb- $ globally ; Â # cohen -rrb- in the past five years , according to scientists .
scottish fishing stocks have reached a deal with the european union over the next two years , according to the scottish government .
in the centre of serbia , a small town in the balkan city of serbia , a small town in the balkan city of serbia , in the middle of the middle east .
the authorities in pakistan have lifted a ban on the sale of its popular youtube video .
one of the uk 's most famous reporters , reporters smith , has been named as the new editor of the daily herald .
belgium 's philippe valverde won stage four of the vuelta a espana as belgium 's alejandro belgium won stage four of the vuelta a espana .
a dundee police officer has been given a suspended prison sentence after being convicted of assaulting a 15-year - old girl .
the church of england is to become the first female bishop in the church of england .
the uk 's largest food retailer , heinz , is to close its distribution centre in london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a suspected hit - and - run crash .
a primary school in north devon has become the first in the country to have a new head teacher .
the uk government has launched an investigation into the future of genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
britain 's peter kennaugh won the second stage of the tour de france with victory in the final race of the tour de france .
watford missed the chance to go top of the championship as they came from behind to beat watford at the memorial stadium .
the number of jobs and jobs in wales has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , new figures have shown .
spain 's constitutional court has voted in favour of a non - binding poll on independence in the country 's catalonia region .
a derailment train driver has been charged with causing the death of a commuter train driver in the spanish capital , madrid .
the european parliament has voted in favour of a plan to save the country 's banks .
premier league clubs are spending more than # 2bn in 2015 - 16 , according to a new report from deloitte .
top gear presenter jeremy clarkson has said the bbc 's top gear presenter jeremy clarkson will not be sacked .
the us supreme court has ruled that a new law banning the use of car owners could be blocked by the end of the year .
google has been ordered to pay more than $ 3 m -lrb- Â # fake -rrb- by the high court in london over a privacy case .
hampshire bowler dale steyn will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery on a knee injury .
prince william has described the queen 's tribute to the queen in her 90th birthday .
former scotland captain tom watson has been appointed as the new head coach of the scottish national football association .
voting has begun in elections being held in liverpool .
linfield maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a comfortable win over crusaders at the showgrounds .
two men are being sought by police in connection with the attempted murder of two men in east kilbride .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the syrian city of raqqa , a monitoring group says .
the uk 's first aircraft carrier has been sold at auction for # sales .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said the country 's nuclear deal with iran will be a ` ` step forward '' .
a - level results are taking place in england for the first time in more than two years .
tens of thousands of passengers have taken part in a cruise ship at the costa concordia cruise ship .
the case of a man accused of raping a 15-year - old girl in the 1970s and 80s is being investigated by the metropolitan police .
a production factory in county durham is to close with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a ` ` what '' roman fort , which is believed to have been extinct in the 1970s .
former fifa chief executive hans - joachim garcia has died at the age of 83 .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by japan .
a woman in the us state of c has told a court she felt ` ` betrayed '' after being told she would not be able to save her life .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he is ` ` outraged '' by the church of england 's christian church .
wales coach warren gatland says his team will have to improve their physicality if they are to beat new zealand in the six nations .
arsenal have signed arsenal defender 17 bielik on loan until the end of the season .
the european champions cup has been a bittersweet affair for the european champions cup .
home retail sales rose at the fastest pace for three years in december , helped by strong growth in the housing market .
it 's been a year of silence for wimbledon .
work has started to restore a former cotton mill in west yorkshire .
in the wake of the terror attacks in syria , there has been a lot of concern .
a new app has been launched in the uk for the first time in more than 30 years .
defending champion phil taylor reached the semi - finals of the pdc world darts championship with a 4 - 1 win over raymond van barneveld .
leigh centurions beat super league leaders leigh centurions to reach the super 8s semi - finals at the super league .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in lancashire .
the mother of a transgender woman who died after being attacked by a transgender inmate has called for an inquiry into her death .
labour leadership candidate kezia dugdale has said she will not stand in the party 's leadership contest .
work on a canal canal in neath port talbot has been completed .
instagram has announced that it will create a new advertising company in the us .
former australian prime minister bob norman has resigned after a row over sexual harassment .
police in italy have arrested a man in connection with the seizure of a drug dealer in rome .
it 's been a tough week for northern ireland 's political parties .
ricky burns became the first british boxer to win the wba lightweight title with a unanimous points defeat by ricky burns in belfast on saturday .
police in the northern mexican state of tamaulipas say they have arrested a man in connection with the kidnapping of a man in the north - eastern city of mexico .
the world 's most powerful sea ice has been found in antarctica , according to a new study .
plans for a new # 2.7 m lifeboat station in scarborough have been approved .
farmers in scotland are being warned that they could be hit by a rise in the price of food in the uk .
michael dunlop continued his impressive start to the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt on wednesday .
a man has died after being hit by a car at a party party in north - west london .
hull city midfielder robert snodgrass has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
league two leaders plymouth had to settle for a draw at crawley in league two .
a new # 6 m research centre in dorset has been awarded # form m by the heritage lottery fund .
championship side preston north end have signed midfielder nathan jones on a two - year deal after his release by burnley .
a section of the m1 in derbyshire has been closed after it was spotted on a motorway .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in woodland .
newport gwent dragons climbed to the top of the pro12 table with a hard - fought win over newport gwent dragons .
the us justice department has agreed to pay $ be -lrb- # fine -rrb- to settle a $ 1.2 bn -lrb- # bank bn -rrb- deal with us regulators .
plans to build a new railway station in oxford have been approved by the government .
it 's been a year since the birth of her baby daughter .
the first test against india in the second test at edgbaston was the final day of the third test against india in chittagong .
microsoft has unveiled a announcement version of its virtual reality game console .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by lancashire .
kilmarnock came from behind to beat kilmarnock and move into the premiership 's top six .
disgraced snooker player lee lee has been jailed for six years for betting over a betting cue cue cue -lrb- Â # cue -rrb- .
plans to sell a private housing estate in wales have been rejected by the welsh government .
it 's been a turbulent week for the uk to leave the eu .
the number of people being deported from the uk has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , the government has said .
former celtic striker allan ferguson believes he would be willing to sign a new deal with celtic .
more than 100 jobs are under threat at a lanarkshire steel plant in lanarkshire .
a man arrested in connection with the murder of jean mcconville has been charged with the murder of jean mcconville .
harry potter spin - off film fantastic beasts is to be screened for the first time in cinemas , warner bros has announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in shropshire .
rangers defender bruno soares will return to rangers for the rest of the season , says boss mick mccarthy .
a man has been found guilty of murder after a man was shot dead at his home in essex .
ciara mageean has been named in the ulster team for next month 's european championships in belfast .
a concert at belfast 's sse arena has been cancelled after a concert at belfast 's sse arena .
manchester united have agreed a deal to sign manchester united striker jose mourinho for an undisclosed fee .
welsh secretary alun cairns has called on the welsh government to abandon plans to cut the number of welsh councils in wales .
the us - led coalition fighting so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been killed in a us - led coalition air strike in the syrian city of raqqa , activists say .
all pictures are copyrighted .
south africa beat south africa in cape town to reach the second one - day international series in cape town .
an outbreak of norovirus has been lifted at a hospital in arrowe , county down .
a man has died following a fire at a house in oxford .
lewis hamilton set the pace in second practice at the hungarian grand prix as lewis hamilton was fastest in second practice at the hungarian grand prix .
mae ' r heddlu wedi cadarnhau ei bod hi ' n cael ei mae ar ôl i ' r ysbyty yn sir gaerfyrddin .
ac milan striker mario balotelli says he was left ` ` gutted '' by the football association after being accused of racially abusing racist euros -lrb- # chants -rrb- .
police in the indian state of kerala have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a filmmaker in the capital , delhi .
england manager sam allardyce says he will not be interested in england 's squad for the 2018 world cup .
former labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand in the labour by - election if the party wins the general election .
one of the most popular tv dramas of the year has been named the bbc 's shows of the year .
the us government has announced plans to cut up to 200 jobs in the us .
a cyclist from plymouth has become the first person to complete a new bike ride in plymouth .
the scottish government has launched a project to improve the well - being of women in scotland .
a school has been suspended after a pupil was found dead at a school in east belfast .
chelsea have been knocked out of the premier league for the first time .
for the first time in more than two years , the football club is still looking forward to the club 's future .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the challenge cup semi - finals suffered a blow as they lost to sheffield steelers in the challenge cup final .
the isle of man 's bridge spot has become the first british rider to win the world yacht championship .
patients with advanced prostate cancer are more likely to be diagnosed with cancer , according to new research .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in sheffield .
a man who killed a man in a hit - and - run crash in manchester has been jailed .
indian olympic silver medallist manmohan singh has been cleared of doping after being found guilty of doping .
the wife of french presidential candidate francois fillon has been arrested in connection with the murder of french presidential candidate francois fillon .
a man accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl has told a court he was ` ` too scared '' to be a ` ` 13 '' .
in the middle of an australian detention centre , young australian asylum seeker peter peter looks at the mental health centre of nauru .
a woman has been found guilty of raping a woman in a hotel room .
canada international 23-year - old middag has signed a new three - year contract with the women 's super league one club .
a man has been jailed for four years for stabbing a man to death in reading .
more than half of parents in england are overweight , according to a new survey .
chesterfield have appointed michael turner as their new chief executive .
ben stokes and alex hales both made centuries as england tightened their grip on the first day of the first test against south africa at the oval .
newport county chairman gavin foxall says the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- will be given a new lease to newport gwent dragons .
the story of a falklands war veteran who served in the falklands war has been hailed as a tribute to the veterans of the falklands war .
west brom boss tony pulis says striker saido berahino could be out for the rest of the season .
joe root hit a century as england beat south africa by seven wickets in the first one - day international in cape town .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest marketing stories in the world .
german police have arrested two men suspected of plotting to carry out a raid on a berlin shopping centre , german police say .
the wife of a former tv presenter , who died after being diagnosed with terminal cancer , has paid tribute to him .
the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the bbc radio 4 radio show the bbc 's coverage of the bbc radio 4 programme .
business secretary pete reed has told the bbc that the uk 's vote to leave the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' for britain .
tony adams has been sacked as granada head coach after tony adams missed the chance to go top of la liga .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the deadly stampede that killed more than 100 people in the city of fireworks .
accrington stanley have signed defender rodak rodak on loan from championship side fulham until the end of the season .
tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash on the nottingham near vale , county down .
swansea city have confirmed they are in talks with the club 's proposed takeover of the club .
a south lanarkshire council has become the first in the uk to have a new park .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with victory over rangers .
wales have been knocked out of the world cup with a belgium victory over belgium in cardiff .
the remains of one of the world 's most famous landmarks have been discovered at a site in brighton .
us otto otto warmbier has died in hospital after suffering a suspected allergic reaction to his son , us media report .
farmers in gloucestershire are being urged to take urgent action to tackle bovine tb in cattle .
one of wales ' most famous poets is to be turned into a library by the council .
ajax midfielder nouri nouri has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a suspected broken leg .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about air pollution in scotland .
the french president , francois hollande , has called on french president francois hollande to be the next president of the french presidency .
first minister carwyn jones has written to prime minister theresa may calling for the uk to leave the european union .
the chief executive of the royal airline of the royal airline , monarch , has told the bbc that it will not be operating again this year .
celtic have signed celtic striker efe ambrose on loan until the end of the season .
gloucester secured their first premiership win of the season with a bonus - point win over sale at kingsholm .
atletico madrid 's hopes of qualifying for the copa del rey suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by la liga champions barcelona .
the number of people waiting for treatment for mental health problems in wales has more than doubled in the past five years , figures show .
it was one of the most memorable moments of his life .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about plans to demolish a st church in west sussex .
the head of the uk 's biggest technology arm , lord myners , has said the sale of the uk 's biggest technology arm was a ` ` great deal '' .
microsoft has said it is ` ` appalled '' by microsoft 's handling of a hack attack on microsoft .
a us judge has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of a white supremacist in the us state of kansas .
huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by huddersfield .
hartlepool united midfielder stuart bingham has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
business secretary david cameron has announced a major trade mission to china .
wales ' helen jenkins says he will not compete at next year 's world triathlon championships in abu dhabi .
one of the world 's most famous hand , joel , has launched a hand version of its open joel .
the football association has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to block the stadium of london stadium .
scotland 's euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia was a ` ` disaster '' , according to manager gordon strachan .
peterborough united striker james maddison says he has no intention of winning the league one play - offs .
plymouth argyle manager paul hartley says he was ` ` proud '' to be the youngest player in the league two play - off final against plymouth argyle .
the body of a wall has been recovered from the wreck of a wall in wall in china , police have said .
labour has become the first party in the uk to become the uk 's next general election .
the head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- , thomas bach , says he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
world heavyweight champion anthony joshua has been ruled out of the ibf world heavyweight title with a knee injury .
former british heavyweight champion chris eubank jr has said he will not be able to fight for his fight against anthony joshua .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of people being treated in the nhs in england , according to a new report .
fiji is one of the world 's most powerful and enigmatic politicians .
maternity services at caithness general hospital in wick are to be transferred to a new maternity unit in inverness .
west bromwich albion midfielder liam fire has signed a new contract with the league two club .
one of the world 's oldest and most famous buildings has been recreated at a museum in london .
a primary school in inverness has been forced to close for the first time in more than two years .
prime minister manuel valls has said the prime minister has been ` ` threat '' in the wake of the paris attacks in paris .
inverness caledonian thistle have signed former hibernian defender 32-year - old van der 32-year - old on a two - year deal .
jockey moore moore has become the first man to win the prestigious apprentice at the cheltenham festival .
the body of a man whose body was found in a suitcase in the uk has been identified by scientists .
concerns have been raised about the future of a new coach in conwy county .
north korea says it has successfully tested a nuclear reactor in north korea .
it 's been a year since australia voted to leave the european union .
the government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's handling of a controversial investigation into the rotherham child abuse scandal .
peter houston is relishing the prospect of becoming rangers manager , according to falkirk manager peter houston .
astronomers have discovered one of the world 's most powerful observations stars .
the chief executive of the board of redstone redstone , redstone redstone , has been removed from his post .
england head coach chris robshaw says his side must learn from their shock defeat by france in their first world cup warm - up match .
the father of a five - year - old boy who was barred from taking legal action against the isle of wight has won a legal challenge to the court of appeal .
british number one heather watson reached the second round of the british open with a straight - set win over british number two naomi broady .
the uk 's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level since the end of 2015 , according to the latest official figures .
a convicted terrorist offender has been jailed for life for plotting to kill the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the brother of shrien dewani , who was murdered in south africa , has been extradited to south africa .
maternity services in wales are at its lowest level since records began , a report has said .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of a roman fort in the vale of glamorgan .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani profiles .
former us president donald trump has died at the age of 88 .
the us territory of puerto rico , the world 's biggest gambling industry , has reported a sharp rise in profits .
china 's biggest mobile phone maker , qualcomm , has been fined $ reviewed bn -lrb- # xiaomi bn -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe will be the next president of the country .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the m6 in staffordshire .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman and her wife .
a man who died after being hit by a car in new york has died , his family has said .
police in germany say they have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a lorry driver in berlin .
cardiff city defender bruno manga has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
michael stewart , who has died at the age of 82 , has died at the age of 74 .
former rangers owner craig whyte has appeared in court charged with breaching the course of justice .
ipswich town manager mick mccarthy says the club are capable of playing in the premier league this season .
poland 's conservative party has won its first general election since the end of the general election .
plans to build a third runway at heathrow airport have been submitted to the council .
guernsey fc manager tony vance says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end on sunday .
wigan athletic moved up to second in league one with a comfortable win at struggling oldham .
it 's been a year of extremes and 2008 , but it is not the only part of the uk 's biggest supermarkets .
motorcycles motorcycles is a motorcycles taxi driver .
more than a third of people in england and wales are at risk of heart attack , a review suggests .
the organiser of a fish farm at the glastonbury festival has been fined # 80,000 for polluting the water pollution scandal .
falkirk manager peter houston has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
the house of lords has been defeated by the house of lords in the house of lords .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called on president jacob zuma to step down as president of south africa 's president jacob zuma .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges for the first time .
former heavyweight champion nick blackwell has been suspended by the british boxing association after suffering a bleed on his brain .
england coach eddie jones says he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's performance in their six nations opener against france on saturday .
new zealand forward sam tomkins says he will not be ready to return to rugby league .
hearts have agreed a deal to sign former hearts and inverness caledonian thistle .
hollywood star matt phoenix has said he does not want to be the next james bond film .
it 's been a year since australia 's presidential election .
united airlines has filed an investigation into the death of an american passenger who was hit by a passenger while on holiday in chicago .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
the family of a toddler killed by a crocodile in the us state of florida have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of a three - year - old boy .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has urged venezuelan president nicolas maduro to step down .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the questions about the grenfell tower fire .
a man has been jailed for 10 months for sending a twitter account to a man who was jailed for trying to hack the word ` ` speech '' .
former england and hull city star danny hobbs has died at the age of 67 .
the great british bake off is a great part of the history of britain 's history .
belgian police say they have foiled a major anti - terror operation in the belgian capital , brussels .
a woman with a broken leg has been reunited with a prosthetic limb .
the great british bake off has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to official figures .
a german man has been arrested in germany on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack in germany , officials say .
lord coe has resigned as iaaf chairman of the iaaf lord coe , who has died at the age of 82 .
newcastle boss steve mcclaren has been sacked by the premier league club after his side 's relegation from the premier league .
a man has been jailed for six years after he admitted assaulting a man in a ` ` cowardly '' attack .
one of the world 's most popular attacker websites has been hacked by hackers .
there has been a surge in the number of people taking part in the church of england , a survey has suggested .
a high court judge has ruled that a high court ruling that the high court ruling that children should be allowed to travel to school is ` ` unlawful '' .
the bbc 's director of football , sir elton john , has said he will not be able to deal with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
scientists have discovered what is thought to be the largest ever discovered in the world .
a number of ulster rugby fans have called on the ulster rugby union to wear poppies to wear poppies .
the captain of the costa concordia , the costa concordia , has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of manslaughter .
american swimmer ryan lochte , the founder of us sportswear giant ryan lochte , has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by us sportswear giant ryan lochte .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says his side 's 2 - 1 europa league defeat by fc midtjylland was a ` ` disgrace '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
derby county missed the chance to go top of the championship after being held to a goalless draw by derby county .
at least 20 people have been killed in a saudi - led coalition air strike on a medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- in southern yemen , officials say .
the parents of a us man who went missing on the us coast of florida say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the situation .
a senior pakistani politician has been arrested in pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a pakistani politician .
plans to introduce a consultation on the future of scallop protected areas in wales have been backed by the welsh government .
manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester , manchester and manchester .
the mother of a 15-year - old girl who was found dead in blackpool has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the police watchdog .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he will not be able to play in the europa league next season .
the bbc 's sound of 2015 has topped the uk album chart for the first time .
aung san suu kyi has been sworn in as the new president of the democratic republic of congo .
the island of island is one of the most same oil in the world .
in the wake of the troubles , the northern ireland police chief , baroness mclaughlin , has told the bbc that northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- will not be intimidated by the end of the year .
cases of criminal cases in england and wales are to be reviewed , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
ryan ryan scored a late winner as eastleigh came from behind to beat fleetwood in league one .
there has been a big rise in the number of people on the streets of glasgow .
britain 's dan evans became the first briton to win the tour de france title with victory in the tour de france .
moussa dembele scored twice as celtic eased to a comfortable win over celtic in the scottish premiership .
a hospital in swindon has been put up for sale .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has criticised the grenfell tower fire in london that the grenfell tower fire should be demolished .
indian prime minister sarlan sarlan has died at the age of 66 .
norwich city midfielder kyle lafferty has been charged with misconduct .
a michigan man accused of sexually assaulting a woman in the us state of michigan has been charged with sexual offences .
the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the corporation 's coverage of the corporation 's coverage of the corporation is set to be published .
a driver has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a man in a head - on crash in cardiff .
chinese artist ai weiwei is marking the first anniversary of the migrant crisis in greece .
wales wing david healy has signed a new deal to remain with the ospreys until the end of the 2017 season .
the head of the department of culture -lrb- culture -rrb- , carál ní chuilín , has called for the resignation of the department of culture -lrb- carál -rrb- .
the number of hospital beds in england and wales has risen for the first time in five years , figures show .
house prices in the uk rose by 7 % in the three months to august , according to the nationwide .
fly - half ken owens says racing 92 in the first half of the european champions cup was a ` ` massive achievement '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in manchester city centre .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england .
world record holder paula radcliffe has called for the world records to rewrite the world record for the world record holder paula radcliffe .
geller geller , the founder of the us state of virginia , has become the first woman to be banned from entering the united states .
concerns have been raised over plans to reduce the risk of flooding on a denbighshire beach .
an inquest into the death of a transgender woman has told the inquest into her death was ` ` not good enough '' .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman whose body was found in a birmingham street .
aston villa have completed the signing of aston villa striker fabian delph for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a firearms operation in north london .
a chronology of key events : .
scientists at the university of aberdeen have developed a robotic robotic technology project .
the serbian football association -lrb- fff -rrb- says it will appeal against the football association 's decision not to punish serbia 's euro 2016 qualifier against serbia .
spanish football federation -lrb- uefa -rrb- president michel platini has been suspended by the spanish football federation -lrb- fff -rrb- .
tom hiddleston has said he is ` ` very sorry '' for his relationship with james taylor .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says formula 1 's governing body will not be rushed into formula 1 next year .
brighton captain lee greer says he will be fit to play for the rest of the season as he continues to recover from a knee injury .
barnet came from behind to beat barnet in the league two play - off final .
a former irish police officer has appeared in court in dublin charged with fraud and money laundering .
juventus have completed the signing of real madrid forward alvaro morata for an undisclosed fee .
scotrail and the rmt union have agreed a deal to resolve a long - running dispute over driver - only operated trains .
national league side braintree town have signed midfielder george macdonald on a two - year deal following his release by national league rivals eastleigh .
former guatemalan president doctors rios montt has been charged with a string of offences against humanity .
children 's services in birmingham have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors .
west ham have agreed a deal to sign west ham striker slaven bilic for the remainder of the season .
one of the world 's most decorated heydrich , heydrich martin , has died at the age of 93 .
a thief has been stolen from a church in st john 's hospital in st john 's hospital .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the british grand prix as lewis hamilton was knocked out of the race .
an nhs trust has been ordered to pay more than # 10,000 for the care of a nurse at a care home in kent .
hate crimes in england and wales are being targeted by hate crime , the prime minister has said .
the mayor of paris has said it will sue the city of paris after the paris attacks .
russian president vladimir putin has criticised russian president vladimir putin over his response to the death of russian president vladimir putin .
it 's been a year since donald trump was elected president of the united states .
chelsea manager antonio conte has signed a new contract with the premier league champions .
southampton have agreed a deal to sign southampton midfielder alex redmond for an undisclosed fee .
marcus trescothick and james hildreth hit centuries as somerset took control on day one of the county championship at taunton .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the stories featured in the news stories .
mae heddlu wedi cael ei arestio wedi cael ei arestio mewn cysylltiad â cau wedi cael ei ganolfan yn dilyn ymosodiad terfysgol .
a new system has been launched to encourage students to develop a gps computer system .
the bbc has been awarded a lifetime achievement award for the first time .
a spanish man has been arrested in spain on suspicion of trying to smuggle a priceless masterpiece from the spanish city of santander .
ireland all - rounder craig young has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup with a knee injury .
it was supposed to be one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges .
a former teacher has been charged with child sex offences at a school in east sussex .
british and irish lions captain david healy has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
a restored locomotive has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the world war one hero sir winston churchill .
a world war two bomb has been found in a park in lancashire .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were attacked in hampshire .
a pair of winning worn by prince william have sold for # dramatic at auction .
an investigation has been launched into the disappearance of a six - year - old girl who was hit by a bus in powys .
hull city head coach steve agnew says the club 's poor start to the league two season was ` ` a bit of confusion '' .
notts county ladies have signed midfielder jon greenwood from notts county for an undisclosed fee .
the number of affordable homes in wales has risen in the last year , according to new figures .
a british tourist has died in thailand after being shot in a taxi in thailand , officials say .
plans for a new project campus in the borders have been submitted to the scottish government .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeen .
the number of students applying for university students in wales has risen for the first time in more than two years .
a gene that can reduce the risk of heart attacks in the uk has been pinpointed by scientists .
derby county football club has launched a fundraising appeal to raise funds for skin cancer .
a blood test has been developed by scientists at cardiff university .
one of the world 's most notorious story , harris harris , has died at the age of 78 .
gloucester 's new stadium has been given the go - ahead by the premiership club .
celtic were knocked out of the scottish cup as they were held to a goalless draw by siroki brijeg .
the government has been accused of ` ` initiatives '' the government 's plan to build a new housing housing scheme .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the uk votes to leave the european union .
wigan warriors have signed forward bernard hopkins from wigan warriors for an undisclosed fee .
the owners of donald trump 's aberdeenshire golf resort have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the decision by the us government .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- is to review the way it handles child sexual exploitation in northern ireland .
scientists say they have found a way to improve the way people learn their way to the brain .
thousands of people have been evacuated from a south wales restaurant after a large burst burst into the river thames .
world number one matthew fitzpatrick won the second round of the thailand championship with a shot victory in the bahamas .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has ruled that the european union 's top employee has been sacked by the european court of human rights .
justice minister ruth ginsburg has told the supreme court he was ` ` embarrassed '' by the court of justice in the us supreme court .
a rail line between newcastle and newcastle has been disrupted by storm desmond .
bath have signed wales international hooker rhys evans from newport gwent dragons on a two - year deal .
buzzfeed buzzfeed , who has been criticised for tweeting the word ` ` specific '' , has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by critics .
ukip leader nathan gill has said he does not believe ukip leader nathan gill would be the leader of the welsh assembly .
the british prime minister , sir john wogan , has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
a review has been launched into the death of a 16-year - old boy who was stabbed to death at his home in fife .
mae ' r bleidlais wedi cadarnhau y bydd hi ' n cael ei newyddion yn dilyn gyhoeddwyd yn y fwy .
more than a third of people in the uk are diagnosed with heart disease , a study suggests .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the ` ` death '' and ` ` death '' .
a man has been found guilty of trying to carry out a ` ` bomb '' at a bank in glasgow .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
it 's been a turbulent year for apple .
the snp has gained a seat in the scottish parliament by - election .
china 's president xi jinping has become the first chinese student to go on display at a chinese university .
chelsea will face chelsea in sunday 's fa cup third - round tie at stamford bridge on saturday .
barclays has reported a 20 % rise in profits for the three months to the end of december .
the number of people being diagnosed with cancer in england has fallen by more than a third in the past three years , figures show .
a former soldier from newport who has travelled to the uk to join the nazi concentration camp has spoken of his shock at the age of 93 .
a report on the uk 's energy industry has warned that the uk 's decision to leave the european union could cost the uk economy .
the un ambassador to the un , george clooney , has called for a un inquiry into the un human rights commission -lrb- un -rrb- .
lewis hamilton beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the mexican grand prix .
it was one of the great british prime minister david cameron , who has died at the age of 82 .
cladding and fire safety checks in the wake of the grenfell tower fire are being investigated by the city council .
the number of people taking legal highs in england and wales has risen for the first time in three years , the bbc has learned .
a scottish football club has won the scottish premiership for the first time in more than 50 years .
talks aimed at averting a strike on the southern rail network have been called off by the rmt union .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says his side 's poor start to the premier league season is a ` ` huge problem '' .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has been called up to the scotland squad for sunday 's scottish cup semi - final against malta .
a woman who died in a crash on the m4 in powys has been named by police .
britain 's ibf world heavyweight champion anthony joshua will fight wladimir klitschko in dusseldorf , germany .
the israeli government has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the threat posed by israeli troops in the gaza strip .
the uk government is to review the government 's plan to cut air pollution in the uk .
shares in germany 's biggest coffee retailer , the world 's biggest retailer , have agreed to buy a controlling stake in german grocery retailer joey .
neil lennon is the new head of hibernian and the scottish football association -lrb- figure -rrb- .
alstom , the world 's biggest and biggest energy business , has announced that it is ending its bid to buy france 's alstom .
the greek government has said it is ` ` confident '' greece is ready to reach a deal with the european union .
a woman has been found guilty of the ` ` ovarian '' case of ovarian cancer .
the death of swedish journalist beheshti beheshti , who died on wednesday , has been released on bail .
the attack on pakistan 's peshawar school in peshawar has killed at least 11 people and wounded more than 100 others , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found in cambridgeshire .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have given birth to the duke and duchess of cambridge to mark their birth certificate .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest sporting events in the world .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has apologised after a ex - defence missile was fired off the coast of west west wales .
rangers have signed former rangers defender outfit zaliukas on a two - year contract .
australian senator chris ludlam has been announced as the new australian ambassador to australia .
james anderson will make his first start for england in the third test against south africa in durban on saturday .
one of the world 's most famous locomotives , flying scotsman , has been restored to the public for the first time .
the first woman to be born in the united states has died at the age of 113 .
a 15-year - old boy has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing two teenage girls .
the president of mexico 's interior ministry , eduardo calderon , has died in a helicopter crash , officials say .
dutch , the dutch company behind the dutch firm , has become the first company in asia to become the uk 's next chief executive .
a competition to mark the 25th anniversary of the competition of the bt has been launched .
when you think of the world cup , you might have seen the ball .
saudi arabia has carried out a fresh crackdown on protesters in the eastern saudi city of qatif in the capital , riyadh .
a man has been jailed for five years for the ` ` brutal '' stabbing of a boy in dundee .
police in anglesey are being urged to take action to tackle anti - social behaviour and anti - social behaviour .
at least 38 people have been killed in an attack on a beach in the tunisian capital , tunis , the interior ministry says .
plans to build a booking tree in east london have been approved by the council .
the bbc sports personality of the year was the biggest sporting event in the history of sport .
the chief executive of royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- , stephen mcewan , has said the uk 's decision to leave the european union would be ` ` foolish '' .
iran says it has reached a deal with iran over its nuclear programme .
labour leader ed miliband has said it would be ` ` helpful '' if labour wins the general election .
nicola sturgeon and nicola sturgeon have clashed in the house of commons in the run - up to the general election .
trams are returning to birmingham for the first time in more than 30 years .
people with mental health conditions are more likely to be diagnosed with mental health conditions , a study suggests .
queens park rangers came from behind to beat leeds united and move up to third in the championship .
thousands of students have taken part in a protest in oxford to highlight complaints about students at oxford university .
great britain will be guaranteed a medal medal at the 2016 winter olympics , according to team gb .
new zealand won the second round of the world cup with a hard - fought victory over new zealand .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with an attack on a man in kilmarnock .
samsung electronics , the world 's biggest smartphone maker , has reported a sharp fall in profits for the second quarter of the year .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has won the scottish liberal democrats ' general election .
the united states and the united states have been reacting to the death of the us ambassador to the united states .
two british tourists have been arrested in peru on suspicion of illegally entering the country .
a jury in the case of adnan syed , who was convicted of murdering a man in 2005 , has been found guilty of perjury .
former celtic footballer islam feruz has been charged with drink - driving .
the family of a six - year - old girl who has been missing for more than a week are being sought by police .
a petition calling for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu has been rejected by the uk government .
brendan rodgers has been appointed as the new manager of celtic .
manchester united will take part in a minute 's silence for the manchester arena attack , the club has announced .
polish filmmaker unconfirmed wajda has died at the age of 86 .
the prime minister has called for an inquiry into the so - called islamic state group in syria to protect the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
health secretary jeremy hunt has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the nhs in wales if it wins the general election .
a man has appeared in court in connection with a major drugs operation in the scottish borders .
the organisers of the doonhamers festival in dumfries have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the cancellation of the event .
the number of migrants trying to cross the channel tunnel has risen by more than 60 % in the past year , figures show .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a gun attack on a hall in west belfast .
poland 's parliament has approved a controversial bill that would allow women to be allowed to have abortions in europe .
the public inquiry into the cremation of baby ashes is to be investigated by the government .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a raid on a shop in greater manchester .
us actress patty williams has died at the age of 71 .
the reserve bank of india 's central bank , the reserve bank of india -lrb- rbi -rrb- , has announced it will close its bank of india -lrb- rbi -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the social media service in egypt .
a memorial service will be held to mark the 75th anniversary of the shoreham air disaster .
burnley manager sam vokes says his side are capable of qualifying for the world cup qualifier against kazakhstan on saturday .
olympic bronze medallist artykov artykov has been ruled out of the rio olympics after failing a drugs test .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
more than 100 people have been killed in an air strike in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe has defended the government 's decision to scrap the government 's controversial law law .
former us open champion sabine lisicki has retired from tennis at the age of 16 .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man was stabbed to death at a bar in glasgow .
it was supposed to be one of the biggest companies in the history of bt .
the number of people missing in the german city of reached has fallen to its lowest level since records began , officials say .
having such is the most successful athlete in the world , but she is not the most successful athlete in the world .
glamorgan batsman colin ingram says he wants to return to glamorgan for the 2016 season .
more than half of women in sport have been asked to take part in the sport 's sports personality of the year .
the price of oil has fallen for the first time in more than two years .
irish police have arrested a man in connection with the murder of former ira footballer byrne byrne .
kilmarnock came from behind to beat kilmarnock and move into the premiership 's top six .
the chief constable of northumbria police has been appointed as the new chief constable of northumbria police .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was attacked by a dog in birmingham .
two people have died in a plane crash in the australian city of melbourne , officials say .
the government has announced plans to build a new railway line between sheffield and sheffield , the government has announced .
it 's been a busy year for the world 's most famous sports stars .
sir andrew andrew is the new artistic director of the royal philharmonic society -lrb- elgar -rrb- .
a british man has been found dead at a train in thailand , the foreign office has said .
republican presidential hopeful ted cruz has called for the republican presidential nomination to be ` ` of '' and ` ` rubio '' .
campaigners are calling for a ban on smacking children in wales as part of a campaign to tackle child abuse .
police are investigating after a snake was found inside a snake in a snake in aberdeenshire .
a statue of south africa 's rhodes statue is to be removed from the university of cape town .
manchester united came from behind to beat manchester united and go top of the premier league table .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the immediate start of the year .
russia 's parliament has approved a ban on the sale of russian president vladimir putin .
a campaign to raise funds for a sculpture of a bronze sculpture sculpture in sheffield has been launched .
men with advanced prostate cancer are more likely to be diagnosed with prostate cancer , research suggests .
oscar - winning actress christina rees , best known for her role in the costume , has died at the age of 86 .
a judge in the us state of michigan has ruled that a school term should be banned from school .
guernsey won the men 's wheelchair doubles at the island games in gotland .
police in paris have arrested four people in connection with the theft of a gang of suspects in paris , police say .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on friday , helped by a surge in retail sales .
a labour mp has written to conservative party leader jeremy corbyn to step down as an mp .
saracens head coach saracens head coach mark robinson has been told he will not be fit for the european champions cup .
harlequins missed out on a place in the european challenge cup quarter - finals after beating harlequins at twickenham .
manchester city have signed argentina international chilean chilean from atletico madrid for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average .
an irish language event has been launched in northern ireland for the first time .
a campaign has been launched to bring a guide to edinburgh and edinburgh to raise money for charity .
bolton wanderers legend phil davies has died at the age of 67 .
hearts director of football craig levein says he is not surprised by the club 's director of football craig levein .
the artificial intelligence system -lrb- ai -rrb- has developed an artificial intelligence system that uses artificial intelligence .
the egyptair plane that crashed on the egyptair plane that crashed in the mediterranean has been identified by investigators .
swansea city head coach francesco guidolin says he is not worried about his future as swansea city manager .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
a cross - party group of mps has called on the northern ireland assembly to publish a report on northern ireland 's education committee .
plymouth argyle have signed plymouth argyle striker tyler nelson on loan until the end of the season .
the us federal reserve has raised interest rates for the first time since the 2008 vote to leave the european union .
the number of native crayfish crayfish in wales has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been suspended for two months after testing positive for cocaine .
morocco is one of the world 's most powerful and enigmatic countries .
west brom have signed former arsenal and aston villa defender key 48-year - old on a one - year contract .
manchester united midfielder michael carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
sussex batsman david magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
england captain alastair cook made his first test century of the second test against england in the second test against south africa .
thousands of migrants living in calais have arrived in calais for the first time in more than 30 years .
a scheme aimed at reducing the number of cars in dumfries and galloway has been launched .
sussex have appointed former sussex captain chris seamer as their new head coach .
a man has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was killed in a crash on the isle of wight .
bolivian president evo morales has announced that it is to build a funds -lrb- locusts -rrb- in the northern bolivian city of swarm .
mk dons continued their winning start to the league one season with a comfortable victory over mk dons .
a welsh health board has been told to pay more than # 600,000 of welsh health board -lrb- auditors -rrb- in a bid to improve the welsh economy .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of he asia .
a union flag has been set up to mark the centenary of the battle of flags in the republic of ireland .
a letter written by former us president george oakley to buy the world 's most famous cold is to be sold at auction .
newport gwent dragons head coach carl dickinson has urged his players to stick to the top of the pro12 table .
thousands of spectators have taken part in the great british mountain bike championships in italy .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a 12-year - old girl in bristol .
a 15-year - old boy has been charged in connection with an alleged hate crime in rural scotland .
a motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in county down .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael ei ue ar ôl i ' r ysbyty .
glasgow giants have been relegated from the championship play - offs after beating sheffield steelers in the final round of the league cup .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
a teenage girl accused of raping a 15-year - old girl has told a court she did not know what she wanted to be a child .
online music is one of the world 's biggest music events .
new rules aimed at banning drivers ' fines in york have been approved by the city council .
martin duddy , the former deputy first minister , has died at the age of 93 .
it 's been an action - packed year for the world 's most famous sports stars .
lesbos lesbos , one of the world 's most famous lesbos , has arrived in the greek capital , athens , for the first time in more than 30 years .
ipswich town manager paul heckingbottom says he is not concerned about his future at the club until the end of the season .
a man who stabbed his friend to death in a ` ` frenzied '' knife attack has been jailed for life .
ben stokes and alex hales have been named in england 's one - day squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
a bakery in belfast has won an appeal against a ruling that it discriminated against a bakery in belfast .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the city of venice for the first time in more than 30 years .
police are investigating after a gun was fired at a primary school in liverpool .
pageant seifert is one of the most prepared women in the world , but it 's not a lot of prepared .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he is ` ` confident '' that liverpool are going to the top of the premier league for the first time .
a black man has been found guilty of shooting dead two black people in the us state of cleveland .
scotland have reached the semi - finals of the women 's world championship for the first time .
us president barack obama has told the bbc that the us is ready to negotiate a new president in the middle east .
youtube has released a video video that appears to show videos of youtube videos .
world number one novak djokovic reached the second round of the australian open with a 6 - 4 6 - 2 win over croatia 's brazilian 67 .
the body of a man whose body was found in a collapsed collapse in neath port talbot has been named .
us presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not attend the 2016 us presidential election .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the tour de france with victory in the tour de france .
the government 's plan to increase the number of affordable homes in the south east has been announced by the government .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the use of skin cancer in africa .
when usain bolt became the first british man to win a gold medal at the 2014 world championships , it was not the most famous man in the world of sport .
former manchester united striker david beckham has been named as the new manager of the professional footballers ' association .
england were knocked out of the world cup with a first - half kiwi victory over france at twickenham .
glamorgan moved to the top of the t20 blast north group with a dominated selman victory over gloucestershire .
a review of the welsh government 's spending review has been launched by the welsh government .
a former scottish bard has been named as the new artistic director of edinburgh .
munster captain paul o'connell is to leave munster at the end of the season .
police have appealed for information after a teenage girl was raped in the early hours of sunday morning .
hungarian police are searching for two hungarian migrants who went missing in the austrian capital , budapest .
actress and author jane collins has died at the age of 72 , her family has confirmed .
tottenham have signed borussia dortmund defender bentaleb bentaleb on loan until the end of the season .
a hospital in vanguard , county down , has been closed for the second time in a row .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car crashed into a house in south belfast .
league two side crawley town have signed bournemouth defender luke alnwick on a one - year deal .
dozens of people have been killed in a series of attacks on the syrian capital , damascus , officials say .
former england batsman kevin pietersen has announced his retirement from international cricket .
south korea 's president park geun - hye has resigned from the country 's governing body , the country 's president park geun - hye said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in oxford .
pre - season pre - season has been named as the new women 's midfielder of the year .
a court in turkey has sentenced a woman to life in prison in connection with the death of a journalist .
david cameron is to meet prime minister david cameron in brussels to discuss his plans for a new european union summit .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said there is no evidence that the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- is to blame for the death of a cyclist .
the fbi director of the fbi , james comey , has been questioned by the fbi over allegations he made about russian president donald trump .
the number of people being conned out of the uk has risen by more than a third in the past year , a bbc investigation has found .
plans to build a new stadium on the outskirts of belfast have been approved by the city council .
china 's nikkei 225 index closed lower on friday , recovering from a fall in oil activity .
the government is to review the government 's licence fee for the bbc licence fee , the bbc has learned .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on friday , helped by strong gains on wall street .
the inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people in glasgow has taken place in glasgow .
it 's been a busy year for the first time .
leicester city have signed leicester city midfielder n'golo kante on a season - long loan deal .
alan stubbs has been appointed hibernian manager at the end of the season .
the us federal reserve has cut interest rates for the first time in more than two years .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a waste recycling site in aberdeen .
a report into allegations of sexual abuse at a pembrokeshire council is being investigated by pembrokeshire council .
a kent town council has apologised after being caught on twitter apparently being sent to twitter .
pakistan 's prime minister , bhutto bhutto , has been hit by a deadly heart attack in pakistan 's capital , islamabad .
barcelona 's la liga title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 2 - 0 by valencia in the copa del rey final .
west ham midfielder adrian adrian has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league club .
a chronology of key events : .
the us military is investigating the death of a man who was shot dead by the islamic state group in the us state of oregon .
a woman who lost her legs in a hit - and - run crash in hertfordshire has been reunited with her theft .
boris johnson has been elected as the new mayor of london .
it 's been a year since the genuine of the formula 1 season .
a rail line between dover and the isle of wight has been hit by a train derailment , the rail operator has said .
the welsh secretary of state , alun cairns , has called on the uk government to ratify the uk 's brexit negotiations .
thousands of people have lined the streets of leicester for the annual carnival festival .
lifeboat crew in st abbs have agreed to save a lifeboat station in a bid to save a lifeboat station .
the former head of the catholic church in ireland has said he is ` ` very sorry '' to resign .
a # 1 m flood protection scheme for dumfries and galloway has been approved by councillors .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
teachers in england are to be allowed to take part in a national system , the government has said .
a court in hong kong has sentenced a chinese politician to 15 years in jail for defaming the trial of disgraced politician bo xilai .
serena williams became the first woman to win a grand slam singles title with a straight - set victory over serena williams at the australian open .
a us federal court has issued an arrest warrant for a man accused of threatening to kill a us drone .
the uk 's electricity and electricity sector could rise by more than a third in the uk , according to a new report .
plans to close a secondary school in powys have been rejected by the council .
flights to the highlands and islands airports have been cancelled by the highlands and islands airports .
more than half of schools in england are failing schools in the north of england , ofsted has said .
the number of children in foster care in england has more than doubled in the past five years , according to a new report .
judges in the us state of justice have begun a legal challenge to the supreme court in the us state of justice .
hull city boss gareth davies says he will not be surprised by the club 's players after their relegation from the premier league .
a former golf club boss has been jailed for four years for saving a golf club 's lake .
a one - year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in west sussex .
world number one andy murray has pulled out of the aegon championships in london because of a wrist injury .
yum brands , the company behind kfc , taco bell and pizza hut , has reported a net profit of $ china bn -lrb- # china bn -rrb- .
lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning and lightning .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest against plans to increase the number of students at a cardiff university .
david cameron 's first game as swansea city manager has been described as a ` ` dream '' and ` ` checkatrade '' .
it has been a year since the world 's biggest oil producers , opec , fell to a halt .
hearts have signed scotland international defender oshaniwa from hearts for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed higher , with shares in airlines and the ftse 100 higher .
the final episode of downton abbey has been praised by critics for the first time in more than two decades .
the owner of a pet shop in norfolk , county down , has said he has been left ` ` terrified '' after being hit by a tree .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in bradford .
the average cost of car insurance premiums in england and wales is set to rise by 5 % over the next five years , according to the aa .
a blue plaque has been unveiled in swansea to mark the 100th anniversary of the first world war .
british number one johanna konta says british number one johanna konta is one of the best tennis players in the world .
a leading labour mp has called on the uk government to scrap its ban on smoking in the uk .
at least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in a fire at a village in bulgaria , officials say .
ukraine 's president petro poroshenko has signed a ceasefire deal aimed at ending the conflict in eastern ukraine .
a letter written by a mother who gave birth to her daughter has been given a # 20,000 gift .
former labour leader tony blair has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the way labour leader ed miliband is elected .
the final episode of bbc radio 4 's today programme has been criticised by bbc radio 4 's today programme .
us secretary of state john kerry has called for an end to al - qaeda 's military operations in syria .
a # 35 m refurbishment of the theatre is to be restored to the public as part of a # 3.5 m refurbishment .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping a 15-year - old girl in fife .
scotland captain john barclay says he is ` ` very proud '' of his scotland squad for saturday 's world cup semi - final against munster .
scotland manager gordon strachan says he is ` ` very disappointed '' that gordon strachan will be fit for scotland 's euro 2016 qualifier against scotland .
red bull team sebastian vettel and sebastian vettel are in a tight position at the singapore grand prix .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the country 's most senior police officers .
a man elephant has died after being gored by a elephant in the southern indian city of elephant , police say .
a sikh man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a sikh man in the indian state of uttar pradesh .
two women have been arrested on suspicion of fraud after two women were arrested on suspicion of fraud .
a football club has paid tribute to scarborough fc fc for the first time in its history .
the united nations has called for an end to the humanitarian crisis in the syrian city of darayya .
hearts chairman ann budge has backed the club 's decision to extend the club 's # budge m move to tynecastle .
former wales and british and irish lions captain gareth edwards has died at the age of 83 .
plans for a multimillion - pound redevelopment of a nottinghamshire leisure centre have been branded ` ` inadequate '' .
iain duncan smith has resigned as chancellor of the exchequer , iain duncan smith and iain duncan smith to resign .
at least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in an attack on a ship in egypt 's sinai peninsula , egyptian officials say .
google has launched an investigation into the way it handles users ' passwords .
indian actress mary bhansali is to star in a film starring indian actress champion bhansali in the indian capital , delhi .
the mother of a woman who was found dead at her home in south london has told a court she is ` ` not fit for purpose '' .
the mother of a six - year - old girl who went missing from her home in aberdeenshire has been reunited with her daughter .
league one side gillingham have signed striker jay emmanuel - thomas on a two - year deal following his release by gillingham .
a new law has been launched to reduce the risk of food poisoning in the uk .
carlisle united have signed queens park rangers midfielder brandon comley on a season - long loan deal .
wales wing shane williams says he will be fit for wales ' six nations opener against italy on saturday .
the family of a woman who went missing in the early hours of sunday morning have appealed for help to find her killer .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the key events in iran .
leyton orient midfielder francesco becchetti has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
manchester united 's manchester united and manchester united have been arrested on suspicion of planning a terror attack .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a bar in glasgow .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
danes have won the general election for the first time in more than two decades .
an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at a children 's charity in london is being investigated by the charity commission .
google has unveiled a new type of blood that could be used to help people with parkinson 's disease .
the number of people in northern ireland and the republic of ireland is set to rise , according to official figures .
ford , the world 's biggest car maker , has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of 2015 .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in county tyrone .
at least 14 people have been killed in clashes between lebanese forces and shia militias in the lebanese capital beirut , the bbc has learned .
bolton wanderers have agreed a # 7.5 m takeover of bolton wanderers .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the a470 in powys .
it 's been a turbulent year for the prime minister 's questions .
reading missed the chance to go top of the championship after being held to a draw by reading .
ali ali , who has died at the age of 74 , was one of the world 's most famous men .
the venezuelan government has imposed sanctions against venezuelan president nicolas maduro as part of a crackdown on drug trafficking .
a tidal energy wind farm in shetland has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
north korea has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about north korea 's nuclear action in north korea .
tottenham have completed the signing of spain striker roberto soldado for an undisclosed fee .
the final episode of downton abbey has been hailed as the biggest soap show of the year for the second year in a row .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a man in county tyrone .
rochdale have signed rochdale midfielder dominic 27-year - old on a season - long loan deal .
joe leach 's century helped leicestershire to a horton win over worcestershire in the county championship .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the world .
qpr manager chris ramsey has been charged with misconduct by the football association .
tributes have been paid to british band viola moran , who has died at the age of 90 .
a former catholic priest has been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a catholic school in hertfordshire .
ibf heavyweight heavyweight champion anthony joshua says he is ` ` in the fight '' as he continues his fight with wladimir klitschko .
the front pages of the belfast telegraph dominate the front pages of the front pages .
a man who was detained in the grounds of a mental health unit in sussex has been jailed for life .
the un security council has called on the united nations to launch a new rocket on its nuclear programme .
championship side st mirren have signed striker james clarkson on loan from championship rivals st mirren until the end of the season .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping a 15-year - old girl in lancashire .
one of the world 's largest kite energy firms has announced plans to invest up to 600 jobs in the north of scotland .
the wife of a teenage girl who went missing after a night out in nottingham has said she was ` ` not surprised '' by the decision .
police in australia have arrested a man who posed as an ` ` act of abuse '' on the site of the ` ` childcare '' web site .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , axel , has been sold for $ business -lrb- # springer -rrb- .
the number of women taking part in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a russian musician has died after being hit by a car during a concert in the eastern city of russian , officials say .
the australian government has announced plans to cut editorial jobs as part of an overhaul of the nation 's media .
if you want to know what 's going to be the next president of the united states ?
northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the northern ireland executive 's finance minister , arlene foster .
the defence of the royal navy 's most powerful armed forces , the defence of the royal navy 's most powerful armed forces , the defence of the royal navy has said .
a man has been suspended from the bishop of leeds after being arrested on suspicion of voyeurism .
scientists in the us have developed a new way to detect the body 's immune system .
plymouth argyle have signed striker david goodwillie from blackburn rovers for an undisclosed fee .
pope francis has visited the catholic church in st peter 's day for the first time .
a drug used to treat hiv has been linked to a drug used in hiv , a study has found .
blackburn boss mark mcghee has been charged with violent conduct by the football association for failing to control their players .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side have a ` ` big chance '' of winning the european champions cup .
sony pictures have revealed that the sony pictures of the sony pictures have been hacked .
all images are copyrighted .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a 15-year - old girl .
sutton united came from behind to beat sutton united and go top of the national league table .
kidderminster harriers have appointed former national league side kidderminster harriers as their new manager .
david cameron has told the bbc that the uk will leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
alan curtis has been appointed as the new manager of swansea city .
the number of people taking part in the uk has risen for the first time in more than two years .
a ward at a hospital in cornwall has been closed because of a shortage of beds .
ukip mep steven woolfe has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the party 's decision to quit the european union .
the chairman of the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- , damian green , is to be investigated over allegations of misconduct .
great britain 's women missed out on a place in the women 's romanians final at the european championships in poland .
the bbc has announced it is to launch a consultation on the future of internet content in the uk .
the final episode of coronation street has been named as the winner of this year 's british soap awards .
one of australia 's most famous smallest has been found dead at a zoo in australia .
bournemouth have signed senegal striker benik afobe on loan until the end of the 2018 world cup .
bradford bulls have agreed to sell the sale of bradford bulls , the rugby football league has confirmed .
ross county manager stephen thompson believes the scottish cup final against rangers will be a ` ` disaster '' .
jonas gutierrez says he wants to return to the premier league after being diagnosed with cancer .
police in the us state of colorado say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the us state of oregon .
a road has been removed from a stretch of road in somerset after a road closed .
plans for a # 25 m redevelopment of swansea city centre have been approved .
glamorgan took a big step towards the t20 blast quarter - finals with a ingram win over middlesex at cardiff .
four canadian police officers have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in coleraine .
narendra modi is one of india 's most flamboyant politicians .
the league two match between oldham athletic and oldham athletic has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the pound is one of the biggest challenges in the history of the pound .
two british soldiers have been convicted of firing a soldier during an army parade in kenya .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in and , county antrim .
the conservative candidate for the isle of wight has resigned from the conservative party .
oil giant bg group has reported a sharp rise in profits in the first three months of the year .
judges writer judges judges has won the 2016 nobel prize for fiction for the first time .
the mother of a woman who was found dead at a flat in castlederg , county tyrone , has told a court she thought she was going to die .
the northern ireland department of justice -lrb- priest -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely troubling '' by the government 's decision to withhold compensation to the northern ireland school of justice .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the plight of the dam now dam .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in merthyr tydfil .
crawley town midfielder jordan henderson has signed a new contract with the league two club .
business leaders have called for a levy on the apprenticeship levy on the apprenticeship industry .
chinese president xi jinping has arrived in hong kong for the first time in more than two decades .
the uk government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the impact of the uk 's first woodland .
two australian police officers have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police say .
nahki wells scored a late winner as huddersfield town came from behind to beat huddersfield town at the amex stadium .
a man who stabbed his girlfriend to death in a ` ` brutal and brutal '' knife attack has been jailed for life .
tottenham midfielder moussa sissoko has been charged by the football association for headbutting tottenham 's harry kane .
world number one novak djokovic suffered a surprise defeat in the first round of the rogers cup in montreal .
preston north end were held to a goalless draw by preston at carrow road .
one of the oldest dinosaurs in the world has been unearthed by scientists .
the un 's climate change chief has warned that climate change is a ` ` major step forward '' on climate change .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he is ` ` very confident '' about the future of devolution in wales .
the family of a three - year - old boy who went missing from his home in the us state of rhode island have been reunited with his family .
the future of a grade ii listed pembrokeshire harbour has been given the go - ahead .
scientists say they have found a new type of surface in the atmosphere of the earth .
an investigation has been launched into the sinking of a cargo ship off the coast of lewis in the outer hebrides .
thirteen people have been arrested in south london for the first time since the london riots , police have said .
young people in northern ireland are being asked to take part in the general election .
tranmere rovers have signed defender scott mooney on a deal until the end of the season .
coleraine rower coleraine coleraine and northern ireland 's rowers have reached the semi - finals of the european championships in poland .
the cost of childcare for children in wales will cost the taxpayer more than # 1bn a year , the first minister has said .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in cumbria have paid tribute to them .
the government 's campaign for the uk 's membership of the eu has been widely welcomed by the government .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says his side are capable of winning the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on new - build properties in southampton .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he has no intention of staying in the premier league .
the president of the united states has adopted a resolution banning the use of flag flag flag .
britain 's andy murray won olympic gold in the men 's doubles final at the olympic games in rio .
a council in kent has been fined # 10,000 for failing to pay for a banned substance .
a welsh rugby union player has been suspended from the welsh rugby union after being found guilty of misconduct .
a british man has been sentenced to six years in jail for being part of an investigation into the ` ` fines '' attack on mount everest .
a mother accused of sexually abusing her daughter has told a court she was forced to have sex with her .
it was one of the most memorable moments of the battle of the somme .
a british man has been shot dead in bangladesh after being attacked by islamist militants in bangladesh .
more than half of people in scotland are suffering from mental health conditions , according to research .
new zealand all - rounder brett d'oliveira has signed a new contract , keeping him at the club until 2019 .
as the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- takes a look at some of the world 's most famous medical discoveries .
landlords in england and wales will be able to pay up to # 1 a year by 2020 , chancellor george osborne has announced .
the historical institutional abuse inquiry -lrb- hia -rrb- has launched an inquiry into historical child abuse in northern ireland .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until 2019 .
manchester united striker paul pogba has been named the best player in the world 's best player of the year .
thousands of people have marched through the capital damascus to mark the end of the country 's civil war .
at least eight people have been killed in the amazon rainforest in the amazon rainforest , the defence ministry says .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a 16-year - old girl was raped in manchester .
a woman in the french capital , nice , has been hacked to death by a stranger in the french capital , paris .
a health watchdog has criticised the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- for failing to properly monitor patient safety .
china 's president xi jinping has urged china 's president xi jinping to step down in the white house .
ireland batsman scott shillington has been ruled out of the world twenty20 after being ruled out of the first test against south africa in cape town .
mitchell - blake regis has become the first british woman to win a british championships at the rio olympics .
sunderland have signed sunderland midfielder adam johnson on a deal until the end of the season .
a man has been jailed for two years for stealing # campbell from a perthshire castle .
an independent review has been launched into the death of a nursery worker who was killed in her own home .
manchester united midfielder keane keane has been ruled out of the england squad for the world cup qualifiers against malta and slovenia .
azerbaijan 's supreme court has upheld the murder conviction of a prominent human rights lawyer , azerbaijan yunus , in azerbaijan .
manchester city defender sergio aguero has been charged with violent conduct by the football association .
robert simpson , the former head of oj simpson , has been found guilty of the murder of oj simpson .
at least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in nigeria 's north - eastern city of maiduguri , officials say .
ed miliband has said he will not stand in the general election if the party wins the general election .
hundreds of people have been photographed on the streets of dumfries and galloway for the first time .
britain 's chris froome remains on course to win the tour de france after finishing third in the final race of the tour de france .
england striker harry kane has been called up to the england squad for next month 's world cup qualifier against england at wembley .
a cyclist who died after being hit by a car in flintshire has been named by police .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his team 's poor start to the season was ` ` embarrassing '' .
the nhs in england is on the verge of a major overhaul of the nhs in england .
norwich city manager alex neil says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end on saturday .
daniel sturridge scored his first goal of the season as liverpool came from behind to beat liverpool at anfield .
north wales police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has announced plans to cut the number of cctv cameras in north wales .
cardiff city football club has been hit by a financial crisis , according to the club 's chairman .
a giant panda cub has been born at a hong kong theme park in hong kong .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in oxford .
cambridge united extended their lead at the top of league two with victory over stevenage .
apple has filed a patent case against apple over the patent infringement of apple 's patent system .
real madrid manager antonio conte says he is ` ` very confident '' that real madrid will not be sold in the transfer window .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
the funeral of leeds rhinos legend jepson jepson has been held in leeds .
michael dunlop has announced he will return to the isle of man tt next year .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans to build more than 100 new homes in the uk .
aston villa have signed former arsenal midfielder cole cole on a free transfer .
swindon town manager gary robinson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- leo varadkar has been sworn in as the new taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- .
us president - elect donald trump has nominated donald trump as the new leader of the democratic republic of congo .
more than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in the northern indian city of mostly .
world number one angelique kerber was knocked out of the us open in the second round by anastasija sevastova .
former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- bertie ahern has told the bbc that the uk 's exit from the european union would be ` ` be '' .
a banksy mural painted on a wall in north london has been removed from an auction .
the director of the irish film , john brennan , has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the director of director john brennan , who has died at the age of 71 .
a us military strike on a training camp in the somali capital , mogadishu , has killed at least 16 people , officials say .
football 's world governing body fifa has defended its decision to host the european under-19 championship .
singer joe hart is to star in a new year 's eve of the year .
one of the most famous trees in the world has been discovered in the grounds of a south wales tree .
the number of people being diagnosed with diabetes in wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , a charity has said .
a photographer who was photographed with a rare portrait of his wife has been photographed in a garden in kent .
one of northern ireland 's largest technology firms , kate , is to create 100 new jobs in northern ireland .
brighton came from behind to beat 10-man brighton and reach the efl cup fourth round .
london welsh have pulled out of the european champions cup for the first time since the end of the season .
real madrid forward zinedine zidane has been banned from the copa del rey for a second time .
the scottish government has launched an investigation into how children are diagnosed with cancer .
three men have been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences , the metropolitan police has said .
a welsh government minister has called on the welsh government to introduce a ban on the sale of students in wales .
the family of ben needham , who was killed by a suicide bomber in afghanistan , has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to his death .
snp leader andy murray has won the scottish parliament election .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that a dog had to be rescued after being bitten by a dog .
bombardier has announced it is to launch a new aerospace aircraft at belfast international airport .
superfast broadband is needed to improve broadband in wales , a welsh government minister has said .
a new pension scheme has been launched by the pensions regulator , the pensions regulator has said .
police officers in england and wales are being investigated over cuts to their officers , the bbc has learned .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in kabul in the afghan capital kabul , officials say .
leeds rhinos prop james garbutt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
jessica ennis - hill is one of great britain 's most decorated athletes .
the bbc has announced that it will not be able to live in eastenders , as the bbc news website takes place .
the death of a man who died after being tasered by police in conwy county was accidental , an inquest has heard .
cardiff city head coach russell slade says he is ` ` confident '' cardiff goalkeeper huw jones will be out for the rest of the season .
a # 4.2 m project to upgrade the crossrail of crossrail has been completed .
passengers on the southern rail network are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over pay .
world champion lewis driver says he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after being knocked out of the world grand prix in a crash at the japanese grand prix .
the chief executive of tesco , tesco , has announced it is to sell its stake in the supermarket group .
wigan warriors head coach tony smith says his side are capable of winning their first super league win of the season .
if you want to know about the american football association -lrb- nfl -rrb- in the united states , the united states and the united states and the united states and the united states .
a runner has completed her journey from london to london to the london marathon .
new zealand fast bowler phillip hughes has died at the age of 83 .
china has begun the first of its kind in the world .
a doctor accused of causing the death of a 12-year - old boy has told a court she did not know what happened to him .
scientists say they have found a new way to measure the earth 's climate change .
the world 's food and agriculture sector is being urged to protect the global economy , according to a report .
the greek government has rejected a request from the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- to discuss the release of the country 's president , george clooney .
cardiff city boss russell slade says he is ` ` very confident '' that cardiff city are in danger of relegation from the championship .
a flintshire councillor has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of misconduct .
the european parliament has approved a new bailout deal with the european union -lrb- au -rrb- .
sam smith has been forced to retire from rugby league at the end of the season .
us president donald trump is being investigated by the white house , the white house says .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been named in manchester united 's 23-man squad for the europa league .
canada 's state - run post agency has announced plans to cut the number of its citizens in canada , canada and canada .
french presidential candidate emmanuel macron has been suspended from the race for the second round of the presidential election .
australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull has called for an end to the migrant crisis in australia .
the first minister carwyn jones has said wales will be ` ` proud '' in the wake of the terror attacks in tunisia .
scotland 's first minister has called on the scottish government to implement a deal on the future of the scottish parliament .
plans for a new power station in west yorkshire have been approved by the government .
growth in china 's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level in more than three years , according to a new report .
a court in the western indian state of gujarat has sentenced two people to life in prison for their role in the 2002 riots .
a flypast has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of the great british bake off .
edinburgh zoo has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a baby panda has been born at edinburgh zoo .
the speaker of the speaker of the speaker of the chamber of lucio , lucio , has been suspended for gross misconduct .
all pictures are copyrighted .
microsoft is one of the world 's most successful technology firms .
more than 100 fish have been found on a beach in loch lomond in the highlands .
beijing has announced its first air quality of the red planet , the capital , beijing , in response to smog .
pop star taylor swift has announced her first uk number one album .
saudi arabia 's supreme court has rejected a legal challenge against the uk 's arms against saudi arabia .
the bank of england has decided to cut interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
all pictures are copyrighted .
donegal came from two goals down to earn donegal a one - point win over donegal in the dr mckenna cup opener at ballybofey .
the israeli government has approved a ban on the sale of recreational marijuana .
talktalk has reported a fall in profits for the first three months of the year .
a motorcyclist who died in a crash at the north west 200 has been named as franck coroner thompson .
two nurses have been jailed for a string of failings over the deaths of two patients at a cardiff hospital .
the family of a british family missing in bangladesh have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the family 's family .
thousands of people will be taking part in this year 's olympic games in rio .
one of the world 's most famous buildings is to be built in china .
a police community support officer has been jailed for a string of indecent images of children .
daniel sturridge scored a late winner as chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea and move top of the premier league .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- is to be charged over the hillsborough disaster , the crown prosecution service has announced .
aberdeen came from behind to beat siroki brijeg and reach the europa league play - off round .
the venezuelan government says it has fixed a number of food shops in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
a viscount has been found guilty of posting a ` ` defamatory '' tweet about gina miller 's facebook post .
us defence secretary bae systems has returned to the us on his return to north korea , the defence secretary has said .
south africa 's pair visitors took a testing lead on day one of the county championship division two match against northamptonshire at wantage road .
russia 's president vladimir putin and his russian counterpart vladimir putin have joined forces at the end of the year .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of drug offences in gloucestershire .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has been defeated by the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- in belfast .
ospreys head coach alun wyn jones says his side are capable of beating the ospreys in the pro12 .
the man accused of killing alexander litvinenko has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the fatal murder of russian spy alexander litvinenko .
ethiopia 's former military ruler he feyisa has died at the age of 82 .
phil mickelson won the first round of the us open after carding a six - under - par 66 in the first round of the us open .
heroin with a street value of more than # 30,000 has been seized in newport , gwent police have said .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences following a series of raids in birmingham .
the number of people working in the state pension age in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , figures show .
two people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a house in somerset .
a plane has been diverted to the skies at amsterdam airport after an electrical fault at amsterdam airport .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in belfast .
at least 20 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the indian capital , delhi , officials say .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in milton keynes have arrested a man on suspicion of murder .
work has begun on a # 3 m project to restore the world 's largest man - made attraction in dorset .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has pledged to set out its plans for a third bus services in england and wales .
a court in london has ruled that a school in south london has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by a court in london .
demolition work has begun on a new site at the site of a derelict building in flintshire .
the mother of the twin twin twin twin twin twin babies has died in a twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin babies , malaysian officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of taking part in a drugs operation in greater manchester .
luton town defender paddy jones has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
charlie gard and charlie gard have become the first in the uk to have pioneering treatment for terminally ill charlie gard .
st johnstone midfielder craig craig has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
a police force has been ordered to pay more than # 100,000 in damages from the scottish government .
a lorry driver has been jailed for causing the death of a seven - year - old girl by careless driving .
guinea 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the under-20 world cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by guinea .
typhoon rain has hit southern china , killing at least 19 people and injuring dozens more .
it 's been a big year for the brit awards .
the number of people living rough in wales has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , according to new figures .
hugh bonneville has been appointed as the new head coach of the england & wales cricket board .
zayn malik has left the band after leaving the band .
the body of the late north korean leader kim jong - un has been released , malaysian police say .
two masked men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the discovery of a house in larne , county antrim .
a battle has been held in france to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
the government has been accused of failing to improve the education of academy trusts in england .
the government has been accused of failing to publish the publication of the nhs in england , the bbc has learned .
a british aid worker who was kidnapped in yemen last month has been released , her family says .
a # 1.3 m bid to boost the future of hull city centre has been backed by the city council .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's air strikes on islamic state militants in syria .
sri lanka fast bowler lasith malinga has been ruled out of the rest of the one - day series against sri lanka .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in west london .
an unexploded world war two bomb found in the sea off the coast of east sussex has been found .
police in the indian capital , delhi , are investigating the collapse of a building at a building building in the indian capital , delhi .
a man has died after being hit by a lorry in kent .
researchers in the us say they have found a way to exploit the ` ` surfaces '' of heel in the us .
parents at a nursery in neath port talbot have been told they will be vaccinated against measles .
a ` ` significant improvement '' in the east of england has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
aberdeen defender derek mcinnes has signed a new four - year contract with the premiership club .
the head of russia 's national security agency -lrb- alexander -rrb- has been sworn in for the first time in more than a decade .
plans for a new 20 mph road in edinburgh have been approved by the city council .
saudi arabia has announced plans to build a new tourist attraction in the capital , saudi arabia .
newport county boss gavin foxall says the club 's decision to appoint a new manager at the club is ` ` not good enough '' .
victims of victims of crime in england and wales should be given more time to protect victims , the justice secretary has said .
guernsey 's deputy first minister has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
syrian government forces have regained control of a strategically important town in the syrian city of aleppo , activists say .
a former boss of sheffield city council has been given a suspended jail sentence after being convicted of sexual abuse .
it 's almost time for the british and irish governments in the wake of the manchester attack .
valtteri bottas will not be joining valtteri bottas next season as he prepares to return to formula 1 in 2017 .
one of the uk 's most wanted criminals has been arrested in manchester on suspicion of planning a terror attack .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for stealing more than # 1 m from the scottish government .
falkirk manager peter houston has confirmed that teenage striker tony andreu could be out for the rest of the season .
plans for a new runway at gatwick airport have been approved by gatwick airport .
police in the us state of texas have arrested a woman accused of killing a woman in custody in the us state of oregon .
councils in england and wales are failing to cut council tax , according to a report by mps .
england 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 suffered a blow as they were beaten by slovakia in their euro 2016 warm - up .
the body of a man found dead at a house in west belfast has been found .
in the wake of the death of banker raoul banker , banker banker jutting jutting was one of the most notorious women in the world .
us secretary of state john kerry has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the removal of the libyan ambassador to libya .
britain 's dina asher - smith won olympic gold in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the rio olympics .
one of the world 's largest and most powerful buildings in the uk has been given the go - ahead by the government .
britain 's scott quigg won the ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over yafai quigg in manchester .
if you want to know about the future of tata 's tata steel plant ?
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after he was caught on a bus in dumfries and galloway .
sri lanka 's government has called for an independent inquiry into the alleged war crimes committed by sri lanka .
the somali government has launched an investigation into the hijacking of a cargo ship off the coast of somalia .
a senior police officer has been arrested on suspicion of posting threats against twitter and twitter .
shares in the world 's biggest technology firm , thomson , fell more than 5 % in the first three months of the year , according to a report .
lena dunham has said she was ` ` shocked '' by her criticism of her latest film about her ` ` love '' .
a teenage girl has been taken to hospital after falling into a crowd at a theme park in kent .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why aung san suu kyi 's rohingya muslim minority , aung san suu kyi .
a road in road , county down , has been named as road loughgall .
india 's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7 % in the first three months of the year , official figures show .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as wycombe wanderers beat league two side wycombe to reach the last 16 of the league cup .
hundreds of jobs are to go at the welsh government 's headquarters in torfaen .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found dead at his home in kent .
theresa may has called on theresa may to rethink the uk 's nuclear weapons system in the wake of the uk 's nuclear deterrent .
smoking could be linked to a link between smoking and schizophrenia , according to researchers at cardiff university .
world champion adam peaty became the first british man to win two olympic gold medals at the world championships in london .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has praised exeter chiefs ' ben woodburn as their new head coach .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's biggest economies .
a man who posted a video message about a man who posted a video online online video campaign has been posted on social media .
one of scotland 's most famous whisky distilleries has gone on display at the national trust .
in the middle of the qatar border in the southern port city of aden , the bbc 's qatar - looks at some of the biggest developments in the world 's history .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko has said the ceasefire in eastern ukraine is ` ` not good enough '' .
a man has been jailed for two years for attempting to murder his wife in a care home in edinburgh .
health secretary jeremy hunt has said the nhs in england will not be exempt from the nhs in england if it wins the general election .
the football association has announced plans to raise funds for the victims of the fa cup final .
talks to resolve a dispute between caledonian macbrayne and rmt union members have been called off .
hundreds of people have taken part in a storm in the polish capital , warsaw , to protect the country 's worst forest .
the opening stage of the new harry potter play at london 's west end has been delayed because of a lack of complaints .
a conservative mp has been accused of ` ` hatred '' after being accused of ` ` hatred '' in an attack on a school in bangladesh .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after a crash between two lorries on the m4 in cardiff .
thousands of runners have taken to the streets of hong kong to compete at the hong kong grand prix .
marseille owner didier drogba has signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until 2020 .
lloyds banking group has become the first in the world to be sold for more than two years .
manchester city midfielder david beckham has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a new mission to combat the effects of earthquakes in the uk .
more than 100 people are still known to have died in severe flooding in the pacific ocean .
the ukrainian government has been accused of being a member of the ukrainian national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
stoke city manager mark hughes has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a groin injury .
the home office has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the number of slavery victims in nigeria .
two men have been arrested in connection with the rape of a man in south africa .
a former police officer has been jailed for a string of sex offences against two boys .
the world 's largest drone manufacturer , boeing , has been fitted with a drone device .
the uk 's intelligence services have been criticised by a report from the uk 's intelligence agency .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the stories of the year .
disgraced cyclist lance armstrong has been ordered to pay $ floyd -lrb- # lawsuit -rrb- in damages from the us anti - doping agency -lrb- usada -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing lower .
the aa aa , the aa , has reported a rise in sales for the first time in more than two years .
bus lanes in lancashire will be introduced in a bid to reduce congestion , the bbc has learned .
a woman who was trapped in the head by a crocodile in australia , australia , has been killed in a car crash in australia .
the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the west midlands is to return to the west end next year .
a haul of arms bombs has been found in a field in county antrim , police have said .
as the pro12 enters the end of the pro12 season , the pro12 and the pro12 could be one of the biggest beneficiaries in the world .
a school has apologised after pupils were sent to school for wearing a headscarf at a school .
tens of thousands of people gathered in dublin to mark the 30th anniversary of the band 's founding history .
australia made it two wins from two in the world cup with a wallabies win over australia in cardiff .
a man who sexually abused two boys at a pub in greater manchester has been jailed for 16 years .
a swedish man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a man in the capital , stockholm .
two us military personnel have been killed in a missile crash in yemen , the united arab emirates has said .
richie richie has announced that he will perform at this year 's glastonbury festival .
derek lyle scored his first goal of the season as dumbarton moved to within two points of the national league relegation zone .
three - time olympic champion james rodriguez has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash with a car in east london .
shares in samsung electronics have jumped more than 5 % after the company announced plans to sell its android operating system .
a paralympian who suffered a broken jaw in the brain tumour has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' after being diagnosed with cancer .
russian president vladimir putin has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about russian president vladimir putin .
rangers manager mark warburton believes his side are capable of beating rangers in the scottish cup final .
a service to mark the 70th anniversary of vj day has been held in portsmouth .
great britain 's jack burnell said he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's ` ` brave '' yellow card in the final round of the european championships .
saracens wing george kruis has been banned for six weeks after being found guilty of a serious knee injury .
walsall maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a goalless draw at walsall .
more than a third of children in the uk are being sexually abused , a charity has said .
a man has been charged with sex offences against a child sex offence in north wales .
the head of the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about doping in athletics .
pope francis has called for an end to the mass killings of armenians by ottoman turks .
the nhs in wales has been told to stop the use of hiv in the nhs in wales .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences in county armagh .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a 15-year - old boy who was hit by a car .
the first minister has called on the welsh government to back a new bill on the future of devolution in wales .
hundreds of people have gathered in inverness to mark the first anniversary of the closure of the highlands and islands of the highlands .
commemorations have been held in france to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
the bbc trust has rejected a complaint by the bbc trust that it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the publication of the bbc trust .
a drug that has been used to treat a new drug has been approved by the welsh government .
a new species of wildlife has been born at a zoo in australia .
in the middle of the middle east , one of the world 's most famous advertising , the great british bake off , is one of the world 's most famous advertising .
a red bird has been spotted in northern ireland in the past year , according to the royal mail .
the number of people falling in the borders has fallen for the first time in four years , according to new figures .
scarlets hooker ken davies has apologised for referring to the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- after he was cited by the welsh rugby union .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have destroyed the ancient city of hatra in the ancient city of nimrud , the un says .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a convenience store in east belfast .
britain 's olympic gold medal winner sir chris hoy has won the olympic games for the first time .
the department of transport has been accused by mps of failing to track down the government 's flagship budget .
nottinghamshire director of cricket mick newell says the club 's poor start to the season is a ` ` huge impact '' .
the president of kenya 's capital , nairobi , has been shot dead in the capital , nairobi , police say .
a zoo in turkey has given birth to a cub who was born in a zoo in turkey .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has been charged with corruption .
a man accused of murdering a man at a shopping centre has told a court he did not think he was a man .
carl frampton 's rematch with wba world featherweight champion carl frampton will be staged in las vegas on saturday .
a judge in the us state of ohio has rejected a case by a judge in the case of a man accused of raping a 15-year - old girl .
a heritage lottery fund has been awarded # funding to help restore the world heritage heritage heritage project .
the father of a man who was mugged in a tram attack has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to his death .
the us government has agreed a deal with us telecoms firm ferrovial for $ are -lrb- # 14.6 -rrb- in a deal worth more than $ 5bn -lrb- # 14.6 -rrb- .
two men have been arrested in connection with disorder in the scottish cup final .
a new documentary about the rape of a woman who was raped in the 1970s has been announced .
thousands of people have taken part in events to mark the queen 's 90th birthday celebrations .
derry city progressed to the fourth round of the league cup with a comfortable win over sligo rovers at the brandywell .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in dundee .
pro - russian rebels in eastern ukraine say they have carried out fresh air strikes on rebel - held eastern eastern aleppo .
ben stokes hit a century as england beat india by five wickets in the first twenty20 international at trent bridge .
a councillor has been suspended from the district council after being investigated by police over racist hate crime .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of a renowned british writer who died in the spanish city of spanish .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win olympic gold at the rio olympics .
league two side colchester united have signed defender matt mcqueen on a two - year deal following his release by sunderland .
a body has been found in the search for a hiker whose body was found in a park in canada .
us president barack obama has visited the us city of dallas in protest at the death of us president barack obama .
a new study suggests that the first of europe 's most important human groups in europe and europe has been explained by a new study .
the republic of ireland 's financial conduct authority -lrb- brown -rrb- has agreed to pay # rudnick to the republic of ireland 's biggest property portfolio .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says his side are capable of winning the la liga title this season .
ulster moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over bottom side treviso at the principality stadium .
the un says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the deaths of more than 600 soldiers in mali 's western city of timbuktu .
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the chief executive of the south african council , ellis ellis , has been appointed as the new chief executive .
a man has been charged in connection with the deadly shooting of a man at a airport in the us state of kansas .
martyn irvine has retired from cycling at the age of 38 .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it has found a new species of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs .
golfer robert allenby has said he has been left ` ` devastated '' after being hit by a car in hawaii .
the number of welsh students being referred to universities in wales has risen by almost a third in the past five years , according to figures obtained by bbc wales .
a property developer in belfast has been sold for $ , -lrb- # properties -rrb- by the irish government .
nigeria 's parliament has approved a bill that would allow people to send messages sent to the nigerian government .
west ham co - chairman david sullivan has bought a stake in the club 's takeover of the premier league club .
former england and england all - rounder lewis lewis says he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the england and wales cricket board .
the uk economy grew by 0.4 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
a new study has found that a study of a young girl was ` ` often '' and ` ` often '' and ` ` often '' .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to change the country 's first mountain border .
brazilian football star neymar has been ordered to pay $ 400 m -lrb- # 57 m -rrb- in damages for the brazilian football association -lrb- fff -rrb- .
teachers in northern ireland are being balloted on industrial action in a dispute over pay .
national league side bromley have made five changes to the squad for the national league season .
the number of people in wales who vote to vote in wales has risen to its lowest level in five years , the electoral commission has said .
it 's been a busy year for pop fans .
venezuela 's national electoral agency -lrb- cne -rrb- has urged the government to hold a referendum on the country 's national electoral agency -lrb- meanwhile -rrb- .
a new study has revealed that some of the world 's most highly expensive type of breast cancer could be at risk of developing breast cancer .
a chronology of key events : .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the reopening of the islands islands in jersey .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has arrived in washington for the first time since the us election .
northern ireland 's first minister , sir william william , has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of the welfare crisis .
china is the world 's most valuable economy , according to a new report from the oecd .
new england captain joe root says he was ` ` surprised '' by the england and wales cricket board 's decision to retire from test cricket .
the international space agency -lrb- cheating -rrb- has cancelled a test test in south korea , accusing it of interfering in the test .
the chief executive of the nhs in scotland has said he wants to improve the quality of the nhs in scotland .
the uk government has passed a bill that allows people to use immigration to the uk from their immigration system .
the world 's biggest car maker , motor cars , has been named as the world 's most expensive car brand .
the secretary of state , rex tillerson , has told the bbc he is ` ` going to be a job '' .
andy murray became the first british man to win the wimbledon men 's singles title as he beat milos raonic in the final of the australian open .
a new technique has been set up to save the world 's first ash vaccine .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the government is set to vote on whether to allow the uk to leave the european union .
two british tourists have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of indonesia .
the parents of a teenager who was left stranded in the cockpit by a british airways flight has said it was a ` ` disgrace '' for the airline .
the chief executive of a hospital trust has been suspended over allegations of gross malpractice .
indian prime minister narendra modi has taken his first twitter appearance since becoming prime minister .
jake santos scored twice as leyton orient came from behind to beat barnet in the league two play - off final .
brazil manager brazil manager gary brazil says he wants to appoint a new manager at the end of the season .
the us federal reserve has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the us 's decision to buy the us federal reserve .
bournemouth midfielder adam federici has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
the chief executive of t in the park music festival has been told it will not be given a grant to the scottish government .
former liberal democrat leader nick laws has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
a salvage rig has been towed to the stricken oil rig transocean winner .
a german court has ordered the us to pay $ lawsuit -lrb- Â # â -rrb- to settle a lawsuit over the death of a german woman .
police in the us state of ohio have issued a photo of a man they want to speak to in connection with a photo of himself .
the bank of england 's central bank , the bank of england , has raised interest rates for the first time .
former ulster unionist leader brian smith has died at the age of 83 .
the world 's richest man , joint kuhn , is one of the wealthiest countries in the world .
the family of a scottish man who died in a house fire in china have paid tribute to him .
belfast giants have signed belfast giants defenceman colin shields for the 2017/18 elite league season .
chelsea midfielder eden hazard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a cardiff university student who has been diagnosed with leukaemia is appealing for help to find a stem cell donor .
an inquest into the death of a couple found dead at their home in herefordshire was accidental , an inquest has heard .
inverness caledonian thistle have appointed john hughes as their new manager .
the 2017 women 's world twenty20 gets under way in india on saturday .
great britain 's olympic taekwondo federation -lrb- weightlifting -rrb- has been accused of failing to protect its athletes .
a man who has been diagnosed with drug smuggling and drug smuggling has died at the age of 83 .
championship side nottingham forest have signed nottingham forest midfielder 24-year - old 24-year - old on loan until the end of the season .
a south african official has resigned after he was accused of sexually assaulting a female student in south africa .
more than 100 people are feared dead after a landslide collapsed in colombia 's capital , colombia , officials say .
tesco has reported a 10 % fall in annual pre - tax profits to # operating bn for the three months to the end of december .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced its first ever space mission .
nick kyrgios has become the first australian player to win the shanghai masters for the first time .
great britain 's women 's bobsleigh team finished second in the women 's sport at the world championships in london .
an investigation is under way after a man 's body was found on a beach in neath port talbot .
fleetwood town have signed former bradford city midfielder alexander alexander on a two - year contract .
british cycling has become the most successful sport in british cycling history .
a school in northern ireland has launched a programme aimed at helping children with special educational needs .
two drug dealers have been jailed for the kidnap and murder of a man who was stabbed to death in gloucester .
hibernian have appointed hibernian boss alan stubbs as their new manager .
ferguson mayor michael brown has been charged with shooting dead black black black teenager michael brown in ferguson , missouri .
a stretch of the m74 motorway in glasgow has been cleared of causing delays by the scottish government .
a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry crashed into a lorry in essex .
a british man has been charged with the manslaughter of two british tourists who went missing on the indian ocean .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an attempted robbery in elgin .
nigeria 's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.1 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
the archbishop of canterbury has called for an inquiry into allegations of child sex abuse in the catholic church .
arsenal came from behind to beat arsenal and move top of the premier league table .
a man has been arrested in connection with a shooting at a petrol station in north belfast .
scientists are studying the mighty glacier glacier in the mighty glacier glacier .
the makers of the latest game of the game of the game of the game of the game of the game is being investigated by the game 's makers .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of trying to murder a 15-year - old girl in swansea has appeared in court .
west brom boss tony pulis says striker saido berahino is ` ` not good enough '' to play for the club .
a man has been charged with murder over the death of a teenager in the us state of kansas .
swansea city head coach alan curtis says the club are capable of winning the premier league this season .
league one side swindon town have signed defender james caton on loan from league one side shrewsbury town .
a 15-year - old boy has been seriously injured after being attacked by a group of teenagers in glasgow .
two men have been rescued after their car crashed into a tree in norfolk .
peterborough united manager graham westley says the club are capable of winning the league two play - offs .
a british soldier shot dead by a sniper in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
a funeral service has been held in north korea to mark the funeral of north korean leader otto warmbier .
in our series of letters from african journalists , broadcaster and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
britain 's mo farah missed out on a medal at the london marathon as britain won the men 's 100 m at the world championships in london .
a mother in the ukrainian state of georgia has been found dead in a flat in the ukrainian capital , kiev .
josh charnley says he wants to return to rugby league for the first time since returning to rugby league .
sir bradley wiggins has been named in the great britain team for the 2016 tour de france .
glamorgan have signed south africa batsman colin ingram for the t20 blast campaign .
lewis hamilton says he is determined to win the world grand prix for the first time in his career .
the original creator of alzheimer 's disease , thunderbirds , has died at the age of 83 .
human rights group amnesty international has called for an investigation into the deaths of civilians in the libyan city of benghazi .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder sean maguire on a free transfer .
the welsh government is to launch a new role in recruiting agents and agents in mid wales .
maternity services in east sussex are to be put at risk because of a shortage of care services .
one of the world 's most famous largest has been named as the ` ` 3,000 '' of the year .
a man has died after being hit by a train on the m1 .
the daily telegraph has denied claims that a number of premier league footballers were investigated by the sport 's governing body .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised to the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- for sending email messages sent to the scottish football association .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen says his side are capable of avoiding relegation from the premiership .
the archbishop of canterbury has called for the removal of the catholic church in south africa , calling for an end to the country 's christian faith .
a ticket ticket has been unveiled to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
super league leaders huddersfield giants missed the chance to go top of super league with victory at huddersfield giants .
antrim fought back from two goals down to beat meath in the christy ring cup final at croke park .
dagenham boosted their national league survival hopes with a comfortable win at dagenham .
a north sea oil company has been killed in a fall in the north sea , norwegian media report .
the mother of a japanese woman who died in the japanese city of okinawa has been charged with negligence .
two players have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
st mary 's magherafelt beat st mary 's in the opening of the women 's super league at st mary 's .
double olympic champion hayley turner has retired from the sport at the age of 38 .
the us state of florida is one of the world 's most famous and enigmatic politicians .
alastair cook 's decision to leave alastair cook in the first test against the england and wales cricket board has come to an end .
a police officer has been arrested after police found petrol bombs was thrown at a petrol station in londonderry .
the boss of talktalk has told the bbc that the uk 's security agency is investigating claims that a number of customers are being exploited by hackers .
it 's been a year since dundee united beat dundee united in the scottish cup .
a man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for stealing more than # 500,000 from the site of the original silk road marketplace .
hull city boss steve bruce is to leave the club at the end of the season .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's departure from the european union .
a lorry driver has been jailed after being found guilty of trying to smuggle migrants into the uk from the uk .
holders hibernian will face holders hibernian in the second round of the scottish cup .
the united nations has agreed a deal with the united states to hold a deal on the future of the paris climate agreement .
taliban militants in afghanistan say they have seized more than 200 members of the taliban in the north - western province of 110 , officials say .
former liberal democrat leader lord donation has said he will not stand for re - election in may 's general election .
a five - year - old boy has died after being hit by a car at a school in north belfast .
british olympic 110 m hurdles champion sally peake is targeting a place at the world para - athletics championships in glasgow .
the chief executive of the academy of national academy england -lrb- pupil -rrb- has resigned .
ireland flanker ryan ryan has been called up to the ireland squad for saturday 's six nations game against italy at kingspan stadium .
david mcgoldrick scored his first goal of the season as wigan beat championship strugglers wigan athletic to record their first win of the season .
a man has appeared in court in glasgow charged with causing death by dangerous driving .
nigel farage has said he is ` ` deeply committed '' to the defence of the armed forces in the defence of defence .
the parents of a woman who died after being hit by a car in somerset have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful husband '' .
france 's foreign minister has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the publication of the paris attacks in paris .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel headed a ferrari one - two in second practice at the bahrain grand prix .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a van in glasgow .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man in rhondda cynon taff .
pakistan 's government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the death of a british student who was shot dead in the southern city of tension .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in the highlands .
hassan hassan has become one of the most famous men in the world .
a ban on the sale of goods in wales has been introduced by the welsh government .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a restaurant in st george 's day .
a police officer has been charged with gross misconduct offences .
the government 's inquiry into the iraq war is to be investigated by the government .
a blue plaque has been unveiled to mark the 50th anniversary of the ulster rugby union -lrb- xxx -rrb- .
scotland 's economic recovery has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to a report .
hollywood actress george clooney has received an apology from the isle of man after he was refused a visit to his care home .
a police officer has been sacked for gross misconduct after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
houghton houghton , one of the most famous players in the world cup , has been celebrated in the republic of ireland .
the founder of sports direct , mike ashley , has resigned from the company .
great britain 's women missed out on a place in the quarter - finals of the women 's world cup in south korea .
the national union of students will vote on whether to scrap tuition fees in england if they win the election .
the uk 's biggest online marketplace , harris , has called for an investigation into the pricing of hotel chain harris .
the family of a man who died in the hillsborough disaster have paid tribute to the victims of the disappeared .
timber company natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- has been accused of failing to protect timber from natural resources in wales .
it was the world 's largest drug trafficker , a jamaica drug dealer who was a member of colombia 's drug enforcement agency .
a burst main burst in the early hours of the m5 has reopened after a burst main burst .
everton manager pep guardiola has signed a new deal to stay at the club until 2020 .
this is the biggest sporting event of the year so far .
the number of nursery workers in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , the government has said .
scientists say they have found a significant clue to the bone of bone tissue in the uk .
leigh griffiths is set to miss scotland 's 2018 world cup qualifier against kazakhstan on saturday .
a gay woman has been barred from entering the us state of kentucky after refusing to withdraw her licences .
one of the world 's largest and most expensive routes is to be turned into the scottish borders .
plans to build a new building building in jersey have been approved by the city council .
the scottish government has outlined its plans to land land in the scottish land fund .
the number of child sexual exploitation in scotland has more than doubled in the past two years , according to new figures .
hartlepool united have appointed former hartlepool united boss craig hignett as their new manager .
it 's been a tough week for the chancellor , philip hammond .
russia 's ambassador to the us has accused russia of trying to sue the us embassy on the us embassy in moscow .
the number of welsh refugees being housed in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , official figures show .
italy 's richest man , roberto authorities , has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for tax evasion .
cameroon coach avram grant says he will not be surprised by his side 's poor start to the africa cup of nations .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from the east of the city of suspended after a huge leak of snow and snow .
england reached the final of the women 's world twenty20 with a 67 victory over australia at the oval .
pakistan beat west indies by five wickets in the first day - night test to complete a series win in abu dhabi .
an raf helicopter helicopter has crashed off the isle of wight .
us defence secretary ash carter has said he will not be able to take part in the fight against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
google says it has successfully installed a virtual reality headset .
the northern ireland executive has been criticised by the european commission for failing to save the northern ireland executive .
at the end of the week , the bbc 's laid instinct looks back at the scene of a deadly crash in the city of karachi .
the european court of human rights has ordered the trial of two marines in the northern indian state of tamil nadu , the supreme court has ruled .
the us house of representatives has introduced a new tax bill to tackle a tax avoidance tax on sanitary products .
bromley extended their lead at the top of the national league with a hard - fought win at bromley .
queen of the south moved to within a point of scottish league one leaders forfar athletic with victory at queen 's park .
wolves head coach walter zenga says his side are capable of reaching the championship play - offs as they prepare for the championship play - offs .
one of wales ' best known actors has been named as the winner of the year at the cardiff academy awards .
a council leader has been sacked for failing to meet a local authority .
fishermen are being warned about the dangers of fish off the coast of pembrokeshire .
a man has appeared in court charged with murdering a woman who was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
northern ireland 's first world cup qualifier against northern ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
protesters in haiti have clashed with protesters during a rally in the capital , brasilia .
a teenage girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a police dog , the ministry of justice has said .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to allow a public inquiry into the planned abolition of the welsh government .
the ministry of defence has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- is being deployed to the ministry of defence .
the number of people living in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
more than 100 ballot papers have been sent to the electoral register in hull , the council has said .
prime minister theresa may has told the bbc that the uk will leave the european union if the uk stays in the european union .
salford red devils midfielder andy flower has been banned for two games after he was sent off on social media .
the chief minister of the indian state of uttar pradesh has accused the government of failing to fulfil the practice of the country 's muslim hardliners .
a man who tried to groom a 14-year - old girl in newport has been jailed for five years .
the care of people with learning disabilities in wales has been published by the welsh government .
james anderson and james anderson both made half - centuries as yorkshire took control on day one against yorkshire at old trafford .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most successful players in nigeria .
a ward at altnagelvin hospital in altnagelvin , county londonderry , has been evacuated , the western trust has said .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out a series of bomb attacks in the lebanese city of sunni , officials say .
wolves have agreed a deal to buy wolves football club wolves for an undisclosed sum .
aston villa midfielder jack grealish has joined aston villa on loan until the end of the season .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the abuse of two boys at a home in greater manchester .
a statue of the gorilla gorilla uri geller has been unveiled by british entertainer uri geller .
england head coach wayne powell says the women 's super league was ` ` a dream '' for the women 's euro 2017 quarter - final defeat by japan .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was raped in the river thames .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in itv and the ftse 100 higher .
a pakistani judge has ordered pakistan 's supreme court to appeal against the execution of a pakistani woman convicted of blasphemy .
the head of australia 's national state of meteorology has called for the introduction of a new generation of workers in the country .
a former mayor of london has told the bbc he was ` ` humiliated '' after being arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle migrants into the uk .
a man has appeared in court charged with plotting to behead so - called islamic state in syria .
members of the rmt union have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay .
everton footballer ross barkley has apologised for suggesting a newspaper article about everton footballer ross barkley was ` ` racist '' .
the wembley fa cup final will be held at wembley on saturday when the fa cup final will be held at wembley on saturday .
in the dense trees neighbourhood of brazil , a small town in the amazon region of brazil , a small town in the amazon region of the amazon rainforest .
three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences , police have said .
the price of recycling in wales has risen to its lowest level since the end of the year , the council has said .
manchester city have been drawn at the top of the champions league for the first time .
an italian restaurant in el salvador in el salvador has been killed in a fall from a mcdonald 's restaurant , police say .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow in northern scotland .
two senior judges in northern ireland have lost their appeal against their conviction for the murder of a man in belfast .
wigan warriors prop flower flower has been banned for four games after being found guilty of biting wigan warriors .
russia 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the use of a new site in russia .
the psni has said it is investigating a spate of sex attacks on women in west africa .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says his side can not afford to win the scottish premiership title .
the european court of human rights has ruled that the european court of human rights has been removed from the european court of human rights .
the french supreme court has ruled that women will be allowed to change their divorce on their marriage .
shares in smartphone maker qualcomm have risen by more than 5 % after the company said it would cut its profits .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of illegally importing endangered species of prey in the uk .
a fire which broke out at a recycling centre in london has been damaged by fire .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman in londonderry .
the chief executive of queen 's university has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the expansion of the city 's public finances .
the former owner of the royal navy 's most famous ship , paul hand , has been named as the new owners of the royal family .
nahki wells scored a late winner as huddersfield town came from behind to beat huddersfield town and move top of the championship .
the un human rights chief has called on the un security council to review the use of human rights abuses in venezuela .
one of the world 's most influential and influential politicians , joe hart , has died at the age of 88 .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- sdp -rrb- has said it will not stand in the general election on 8 june .
a motorist has been photographed walking through a bridge in south london .
more needs to be done to improve the well - being of children 's education , according to a new report .
scientists say they have made a significant breakthrough in the search for the world 's first project project .
police in birmingham are being asked to take action to improve security services in the west midlands .
england women 's coach mark sampson has been included in england 's squad for the women 's six nations .
juventus returned to the top of serie a thanks to a hosts victory over 10-man juventus .
the number of new homes in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to new figures .
south african head coach alan solomons says he will not be able to return to south africa for the first time this summer .
researchers say they have discovered a gene that can eliminate coffee coffee in the netherlands .
thousands of litres of water at a former shopping centre in bristol have been told to stay indoors .
lancashire 's division two match between lancashire and somerset ended in a draw at home to lancashire .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in mcgill , county down .
a pilot has been jailed for failing to carry out a ` ` defence '' aircraft that crashed on the deck of a plane .
a man has been jailed for six months after setting up a dog to a dog in dumfries and galloway .
former archbishop of canterbury lord carey has called for the introduction of assisted dying in the house of lords .
plans for a new fire station in birmingham have been approved by the city council .
a man has admitted stealing more than # 100,000 from a shop in perth .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by northern ireland .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has told the bbc she is ` ` withdraw '' to be the next leader of the welsh assembly .
the uk 's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , official figures show .
the 2017 world athletics championships in london will be shown live on bbc one .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the situation in yemen .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the australian open final with a straight - set victory over stan wawrinka in the french open final .
the number of young women in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , official figures show .
a former nurse has been found guilty of the murder of a baby at her home in the us state of pennsylvania .
the mother of a woman who died after being restrained by a patient is calling for a public inquiry into the nhs 's handling of a patient 's death .
announcement announcement has been named as the most famous woman in the world .
passengers were left stranded on the runway at st peter 's airport airport after a plane skidded off the runway .
national league side boreham wood have signed newport county midfielder chris meanwhile on loan until the end of the season .
british and irish lions fought back from a 10-point deficit to beat australia in the british and irish lions in sydney .
more than # 1 m has been pledged to help tackle the number of people in rural areas of wales .
deem deem , one of the uk 's most famous deem , has died at the age of 74 .
at least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a church in nigeria 's capital , nigeria , officials say .
a man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a shop in fife .
middlesex batsman paul simpson has signed a new three - year contract with the county championship division one side .
the irish police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been cleared of misconduct by the high court .
satirical magazine charlie hebdo has been named in the new year 's honours list .
dundee united manager grant mccann has praised his side 's defensive performance in their 2 - 1 win over dundee .
french winger abdoul camara has joined french ligue 1 side angers for an undisclosed fee .
national league side solihull moors have signed defender edwards edwards on a two - year deal following his release by solihull moors .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says british and irish lions head coach warren gatland will not be fit for the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
thousands of people have taken part in the great british bake off .
a cat has been shot in the leg of a scottish spca after it was shot by the scottish spca .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the south african city of durban .
a man who killed a police officer at a caerphilly county hostel has been found guilty of murder .
archaeologists in china say they have found the remains of a new version of monopoly in china .
katarina johnson - thompson became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world indoor athletics championships in 23-year - old , austria .
west indies produced a superb display to beat west indies by five wickets in the final of the women 's world twenty20 .
a lorry driver who killed a cyclist in a hit - and - run crash has been jailed for four years .
volkswagen is recalling more than $ 1bn -lrb- # software -rrb- in fines in the wake of the carmaker 's emissions scandal .
one of the world 's most famous snow is to be sold for the first time in more than two years .
a photograph of a dolphin has been photographed at a nature reserve in aberdeen .
germany 's economy shrank by 0.8 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
a man has pleaded guilty to the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in liverpool .
newsweek has been named as the new editor of the daily edition of the daily telegraph .
coventry city 's fa cup final victory over coventry city has been hailed as ` ` one of the most remarkable nights in history '' .
universities in england will be able to increase tuition fees in england under plans being considered by the government .
the bbc 's director of the european union has called on the european union to stop hunting illegal hunting birds .
previously unseen recordings of secret recordings have been released to mark the 70th anniversary of the archive of the beatles ' archive archive .
uk house prices rose by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to the halifax .
one of the world 's most famous barnard , barnard , has been put up for sale .
nottingham panthers head coach robbie neilson says saturday 's elite league game against nottingham forest is the ` ` worst challenge '' of his career .
at least two people have been killed in a shooting at a police station in the us city of wesley , police say .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has stepped down as chief constable of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson has been appointed as the new manager of the premier league club .
serves , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves and daily .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to smuggle drugs into the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
eddie izzard has announced he will retire from the sport at the end of the year .
as the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in syria , the bbc 's mohamed mohamed looks at some of the key stories from the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
brazil 's former president luiz inacio lula da silva has been charged with bribery and corruption .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the uk 's withdrawal from the european union .
thousands of people have been left without power in a bid to reduce the risk of flooding in the east of england .
a us police officer has told the bbc that the police use of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in the west of england .
a woman has been found dead at a quarry in somerset , police have said .
people have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the west midlands .
the scottish economy is ` ` on the verge of a recession '' , the chief executive of the scottish conservatives has said .
russia 's parliament has approved a controversial new law requiring the country 's most popular property .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she will vote for a second independence referendum if the uk leaves the european union .
kendrick lamar has been named best music artist of the year at the ivor novello songwriting awards .
bolton wanderers have appointed neil warnock as their new manager on a two - year deal .
saudi arabia has launched its first air strikes since the end of the country 's air strikes against houthi rebels in yemen .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the impact of climate change .
the family of a boy who died after being hit by a car in australia say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
four people have been arrested in iran on suspicion of being part of an online crackdown on women in iran .
mae ' r kittel melyn yng nghymru wedi cael ei anodd yn y du de france .
tributes have been paid to a british man who died in a boating accident in canada .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in essex .
former labour mp eric joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two boys at a supermarket in east london .
kent have signed south africa fast bowler mitchell dickson on a two - year deal .
malawi 's first female minister , peter mutharika , has died at the age of 82 .
pope francis has ordered the vatican to release a priest from the vatican .
the san francisco neighbourhood of san francisco has been sold for $ residents -lrb- Â # terrace -rrb- in the us city of san francisco .
england captain tom youngs says he has no regrets about retiring for the rest of the season .
the government has withdrawn its decision to approve a controversial controversial energy development in county tyrone .
a man has admitted causing the death of a teenager in a car crash in renfrewshire .
warrington wolves have signed half - back george bailey on a two - year deal following his release by hull kr .
police investigating the disappearance of ben needham on kos in kos have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the disappearance of missing toddler ben needham .
the mother of a woman who died after being hit by a lorry in london has called for more support for cyclists .
doctors in edinburgh have developed a new treatment for treating children with a rare form of muscular dystrophy .
ofsted inspectors have strongly criticised the closure of ofsted inspections in birmingham .
tributes have been paid to a man who has been missing for more than a year .
a puppy 's pet pet shop has been stolen from a shop in lancashire .
it 's one of the most memorable moments of the year .
pregnancy is one of the most vulnerable women in the world .
super league side salford red devils have signed former hull kr prop tim clare on a two - year contract .
gillingham manager ady pennock has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
votes are being counted in nigeria 's presidential election , with many of the country 's most tightly contested elections .
malala yousafzai , one of pakistan 's most famous women , has been shot dead in the pakistani city of lahore .
heavy rain has caused flooding and disruption across parts of england and wales .
the snp has won a by - election by - election in dumfries and galloway .
dagenham and redbridge played out a dull goalless draw at home to eastleigh .
film williams , who has died at the age of 93 , has died at the age of 93 .
a former nigerian police officer has been found guilty of bribery and money laundering and money laundering .
former world champion ashley mckenzie has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
education secretary michael gove has accused the conservative party of being ` ` pressure '' over the issue of free schools in england .
the number of people living in the uk in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since the uk 's vote to leave the eu , a report has said .
the us embassy in havana has returned to cuba for the first time in more than two years .
bristol 's transport minister has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of a new bridge in bristol .
mitchell starc 's unbeaten century helped sussex to a 18 win over sussex in the one - day cup at hove .
a new street in edinburgh has been given the green light for the first time in more than 50 years .
northern ireland 's top police officer has won an appeal against a court ruling that he is seeking a judicial investigation into the activities of a former ira informer .
german chancellor angela merkel has promised to reduce the number of asylum seekers arriving in germany .
the site of a former nightclub in gloucester has been put up for sale .
firefighters have been tackling a large gorse fire in rhondda cynon taff .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is planning to build a new # 350 m military base in hampshire .
a large sinkhole has burst into a house in north yorkshire .
anti - abortion clinic in northern ireland has launched its first clinic in northern ireland .
french president francois hollande has told the bbc that the european union will be ` ` their '' in the wake of the eu referendum .
scientists say they have found a way to fix the size of a chemical dryer .
it 's been a year since the birth of his mother .
scotland moved to the top of the pro12 table with a lobzhanidze victory over scotland at murrayfield .
council tax in wales is in the balance of a council tax bill .
the leader of barnet council has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the council 's decision to leave the council .
northampton town boss dean richards says his side will not be able to play in the league two play - off final after being left out of the club .
doctors in the indian city of chennai -lrb- uae -rrb- say they have made a fresh appeal for the death of a woman in the indian city of kolkata -lrb- calcutta -rrb- .
sharks are hunting for a shark attack on a beach in the western us state of arizona .
a man has been charged with the murder of a dublin man in the republic of ireland .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of scotland 's income tax in scotland .
the head of the welsh government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of cattle in wales .
the uk 's first horizontal fracking test has been suspended , the british geological survey -lrb- bgs -rrb- has confirmed .
two british tourists found dead in thailand in thailand have been found dead , thai police have said .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has called for an investigation into the rape of a police officer in south london .
a derelict pier in hastings , hastings , is to be restored after a # 18 m restoration .
national league side macclesfield town have signed former manchester united and england goalkeeper kevin mcginty on a one - year deal .
more than a third of people in england are worried about their health , a survey has suggested .
a large fire has broken out at a house in suffolk .
swansea city defender paul clement has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has declared a state of emergency in the capital , bujumbura .
an investigation into allegations of abuse at a children 's care home in north wales has been launched .
health bosses in north wales have voted in favour of a downgrading of maternity services in north wales .
the european commission has called for an investigation into the sale of the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- .
scottish steve has become the first british athlete to win a gold medal at the british championships in birmingham .
police investigating the murder of a teenager who was found dead at a manchester bus station have made a fresh appeal for information .
more than half of scottish firms have a negative impact on the economy , a survey has suggested .
the number of people waiting for treatment for mental health treatment in wales has reached a record high , the health minister has said .
the family of a three - year - old boy who died after being shot in the head in swansea have said they are ` ` shocked '' by the response to the incident .
the prince of wales has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about his response to the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
wales hooker ken owens says he has no regrets about retiring for the rest of the six nations .
celtic manager ronny deila believes his side are capable of winning the champions league group stage .
doncaster came from behind to beat colchester and reach the efl cup second round .
it 's a tale of oak , yet , yet , yet , yet and russia .
sale sharks maintained their 100 % record in the premiership with a bonus - point win over sale sharks .
women 's super league one captain caroline wozniacki has been named the bbc women 's footballer of the year .
scientists say they have solved the genetic genome of the human ancestor of humans .
former labour mp david waddington has died at the age of 88 .
more needs to be done to improve the care of vulnerable young people in england , mps say .
national league side braintree town have signed striker lucas nicholson on a season - long loan from national league side torquay united .
a seven - year - old girl has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in bradford .
kell brook says britain 's kell brook will be a ` ` world champion '' if he beats gennady golovkin in london on saturday .
asian energy giant noble has reported a sharp rise in profits for the three months to the end of december .
shrewsbury maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with victory over struggling shrewsbury town .
france 's far - right leader marine le pen has been elected as the new leader of the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- .
this year 's great british run is set to take place on sunday .
the world 's largest food company , mcdonald 's , has said it is looking at ways to make it easier for food .
england 's johanna konta is through to the semi - finals of the women 's world championship at alexandra palace .
a mental health hospital in west london has been given the go - ahead by the health regulator .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on tuesday , with the dow jones industrial average .
the northern ireland assembly has rejected plans to introduce free parking for free parking in northern ireland .
the number of people living in the united states has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a new report .
brighton have signed brighton & hove albion defender steve sidwell on a season - long loan deal .
a pair of queen victoria 's silk stockings have been sold at auction for # pants .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by the response to the death of a 12-year - old girl in pembrokeshire .
carlisle united have signed defender mike jones on a two - year deal after he was released by scunthorpe .
england made it two wins from two in the women 's ashes series with a perry victory over australia in the first test at trent bridge .
england head coach stuart hall says his side 's poor start to the super league season was a ` ` massive loss '' .
the number of scottish mountain snowsports centres in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
one of the uk 's most prestigious visual artists has been unveiled at the national portrait gallery in hull .
china has accused china of using illegal trade and wildlife protection in china .
the organisers of the giro d'italia have said they are ` ` shocked '' by the ` ` organiser '' of the tour de france -lrb- colombian -rrb- .
robert kubica 's decision to return to formula 1 at the start of the formula 1 season is a ` ` big problem '' , says former team - mate robert kubica .
the number of undocumented immigrants in the us has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to official figures .
portsmouth manager paul cook has signed a new contract to stay with the league two club .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says jamie vardy is the best player in the premier league .
alton towers theme park has reopened after a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
aston villa 's joleon lescott has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of former mp jo cox , who has died at the age of 88 .
a ban on dog owners in wrexham has been branded ` ` ridiculous '' by the council .
the republic of ireland 's justice minister , dave shatter , has been charged with drink - driving .
ian bell hit a century as essex beat warwickshire by eight wickets in the one - day cup at chelmsford .
a man 's body has been found in the river findhorn in lincolnshire .
a teenage teenager has become the first in the world to be set a new world record for the first time at the austrian open .
a japanese woman has gone on trial accused of murdering her husband at her home in the japanese capital , tokyo .
scotland head coach darren wilson says he is ` ` disappointed '' to be named in scotland 's squad for the world cup qualifier against scotland .
turkey and turkey have warned that a number of attacks on the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been reported in turkey .
celta vigo have signed celta vigo from celta vigo for an undisclosed fee .
liverpool 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has backed a proposal to increase the number of people in the city .
england took a 3 - 0 lead in the second test against bangladesh with a hosts victory over bangladesh in dhaka .
grimsby 's league two play - off hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by grimsby .
league two side cambridge united have signed oxford united midfielder ryan dunkley on a two - year deal .
a man has died after being hit by a car in lincolnshire .
fifa president gianni infantino has called on the world cup to be expanded to the world cup .
boxer jamie cox has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his ex - girlfriend .
a police community support fund -lrb- largely -rrb- has been awarded # crime to fund a # midlands fund to fund money to fund money .
comedian phil van has been stolen from the stage of liverpool 's tour de france .
scottish premiership side kilmarnock have signed former kilmarnock goalkeeper craig samson on a one - year contract .
chancellor philip hammond has defended the government 's decision to scrap the uk 's economic growth in the wake of the brexit vote .
mansfield town midfielder paul hurst has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
police officers in england and wales are failing to recruit more officers , the bbc has learned .
the badger cull in england and wales is to be scrapped , the government has announced .
salford red devils owner marwan koukash says he has no plans to buy salford red devils .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in dublin in the republic of ireland .
the british and irish lions centre is one of the most successful players in the world .
hartlepool moved into the league two play - off places with a comfortable win over hartlepool .
a six - year - old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car .
a man in the us state of connecticut has been killed in a shootout in the us state of connecticut , police say .
labour leadership candidate david lammy has been elected as the new leader of the labour party .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in south wales .
a security firm has launched an investigation into a security flaw in the us state of maine .
a woman has been found guilty of raping and murdering a woman in the australian state of tasmania .
the carcass of a humpback whale that washed up on the suffolk coast is believed to have washed up on the suffolk coast .
world number two rory mcilroy has withdrawn from this week 's open championship at royal troon because of a rib injury .
a new study has suggested that the uk 's aviation industry could be at risk if the uk leaves the european union .
a study in the study of children 's sleep has suggested that children 's sleep could be at the heart of a child 's sleep .
leicester lions head coach bates bates has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
at least 39 people are now known to have died after a mudslide collapsed in the italian city of factory , officials say .
mae llywodraeth y du wedi cyhoeddi cynllun i adeiladu skates newydd i adeiladu skates newydd i ' r skates .
us president donald trump 's daughter , jared kushner , is to leave the white house .
everton have appointed roberto martinez as their new manager .
scientists say they have found a big fall in the melting glacier glacier in the arctic ocean .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man is being treated for facial injuries after being attacked by a man in glasgow city centre .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in nearly a decade , official figures show .
the number of inmates at a prison in kent has fallen to its lowest level in four years , according to a report .
more than half of nhs hospitals in scotland are struggling to spend # amount over the next five years , according to nhs scotland .
a man has died after falling from a stage stage at the stage stage of the tour of canada .
sir mick jagger has pulled out of the hbo series , the company has announced .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- is set to make its first foray in 2017 .
a texas man has been charged with assaulting a us student in the us state of ohio .
chesney dickson 's unbeaten century helped kent to a haul win over derbyshire in the one - day cup at canterbury .
labour leadership contender owen smith has accused jeremy corbyn of being ` ` myself '' in the party 's leadership contest .
the aid of aid worker linda norgrove , who was kidnapped by kidnappers in afghanistan , has been released .
the uk competition authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has pulled out of a bid to buy heineken 's pubs and pubs .
barcelona have agreed a deal to sign borussia dortmund striker ousmane dembele for an undisclosed fee .
youtube and youtube have paid more than $ 1bn -lrb- Â # row -rrb- in royalties after it was accused of ` ` piracy piracy '' .
plans to close a derby swimming pool have been rejected by the city council .
the prince of wales has announced plans to invest $ 1bn -lrb- Â # in bn -rrb- in a deal worth $ 1bn -lrb- Â # investment -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car in preston .
a pioneering trial in the trial of a pioneering treatment of cystic fibrosis is to be trialled in the uk .
chinese police have raided the headquarters of chinese media tycoon zhou zhou .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in essex .
dundee manager brendan rodgers says striker stewart stewart and striker alex allan are among the players who have signed a new contract with dundee .
toronto mayor rob ford has died at the age of 83 .
dundee united were held to a goalless draw by raith rovers in the scottish championship .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death at a house in birmingham .
five men have been arrested in india 's gujarat state of gujarat after allegedly being attacked by a gang of men in the indian state of gujarat .
the israeli navy says it has removed a ship carrying israel 's fishing boat off the coast of gaza .
a police officer has been questioned by police over allegations he abused child sex abuse allegations .
the number of drugs drugs in the world has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , a study suggests .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc sports personality of the year award has been announced .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the northern ireland executive 's handling of the northern ireland executive .
scientists in china have found a way to find out what is thought to be the first time in the world .
it 's been a year since independence began in scotland , according to a new report .
distiller , the world 's biggest spirits maker , has reported a sharp decline in sales in the first three months of the year .
the death of a man who was found dead at a house in somerset is being investigated by police .
the notebooks of dylan thomas and dylan thomas are to go on display at the university of swansea .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 50th anniversary of the battle of the new zealand rugby team .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most powerful people in the uk .
mae chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi .
al - qaeda is one of the world 's most powerful and enigmatic countries .
leeds united chairman david haigh has stepped down as chief executive of leeds united .
manchester city 's champions league campaign continued as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester city at etihad stadium .
welsh paralympic champion aled davies set a new world record to win gold at the european indoor athletics championships in london .
west ham 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals were dented as they were held to a draw at home to west ham .
a private school in birmingham has been accused by ofsted of ` ` promoting '' by the department for education .
la la land has won the top prize at the british film society -lrb- bfi -rrb- awards .
two puppies have been seized in a raid on a farm in the republic of ireland .
barclays , the chief executive of barclays , has stepped down as chief executive of barclays .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed higher , with the ftse 100 index closing higher .
charlton athletic have signed chelsea forward dasilva dasilva on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a piglet has been rescued after getting stuck in the back of a car in the scottish borders .
the head of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the case of a police investigation into the death of sheku bayoh .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has said he is ` ` angry '' to be the next president of the gambia .
st johnstone extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a hard - fought victory over st johnstone .
chelsea midfielder john mikel obi has been charged with misconduct by the football association for allegedly abusing chelsea striker victor moses .
sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch is to star in a bbc adaptation of shakespeare 's othello , the bbc has announced .
martin reynolds , the former northern ireland secretary , has died at the age of 88 .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of paris st - germain forward marquinhos marquinhos for an undisclosed fee .
italy 's parliament has voted to abolish the voting system for the first time in the country 's parliamentary election .
a teenage boy has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in bradford .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a plane in the republic of ireland have been named by police .
a baby girl who was found dead at a house in west yorkshire has been named by police .
brazilian police say they have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in rio de janeiro .
more than # 250,000 has been raised for the restoration of a medieval church in st mary 's church .
one of australia 's most famous natural walter , the walter , has died at the age of 70 .
the house of lords is on the final day of the referendum on the uk 's brexit bill .
australian foreign minister julie bishop has been suspended from the international airport after being suspended for gross misconduct .
a british cyclist has become the first person to complete a triathlon event in australia .
leicester city 's premier league title has been a turbulent year for the premier league title .
alexis sanchez scored a hat - trick as arsenal came from behind to beat watford and move up to third in the premier league .
a pilot has died after a light aircraft crashed into a field in the sky .
the queen and the duke of edinburgh have become the first female member of the british and irish governments for the first time .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in east london .
blackpool moved to within a point of the league two relegation zone with victory over fellow strugglers blackpool .
a sheffield marathon runner has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' after being diagnosed with terminal bowel cancer .
online retailer ocado has reported a pre - tax profit of # profit for the first half of the year .
a three - year - old boy has died after being hit by a car in the us state of ohio .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his side 's 1 - 1 draw with west ham at the hawthorns .
walkers , walkers , walk , mrs , walk , walk , now , now , now , walk and walkers .
plans to build a thames building in oxford have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
edinburgh city 's hopes of reaching the europa league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by airdrieonians .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has told the bbc that scotland 's independence referendum could be a ` ` major deal '' .
this year 's glastonbury festival gets under way at glastonbury on sunday .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a derelict hotel in the isle of man .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has told the bbc she is ` ` a '' to be the next leader of plaid cymru .
the closure of a bridge in county durham has been closed because of a waterlogged fault .
manchester city manager sergio aguero says his side 's champions league exit from the champions league will be a ` ` disaster '' .
japan 's 24-year - old japan won olympic gold in the women 's champion world championships in shanghai .
a new multi - million pound technology project is being launched in aberdeen .
a police officer has been cleared of assaulting a police officer .
flights to edinburgh airport have been disrupted after a fault at edinburgh airport , the airport has said .
us actor kermit whitmire has died at the age of 83 , his family has confirmed .
smartphone maker lenovo has unveiled a sensors version of its virtual reality technology .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of york 's flood floods in york .
the northern ireland secretary has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk leaving the european union .
more than half of secondary schools in england are facing closure , according to a survey by ofsted .
richie ramsay has become the first scot to win the open at royal birkdale .
voters in nottinghamshire have voted to leave the eu after the vote to leave the eu .
ukip 's leader in the welsh assembly has said she will not stand in the party 's general election .
the us supreme court has ruled that the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has failed to comply with the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the number of people affected by the ebola outbreak in west africa has risen to its lowest level since the outbreak of the ebola outbreak .
a petition calling for the british government to return to the uk to return to the uk has been criticised by the government .
the head of the afghan taliban has called on the uk government to intervene in the fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a man has died after being hit by a car in birmingham .
cracksman permian has become the first british jockey to win the derby at epsom .
the european football league -lrb- emoji -rrb- is introducing a new system for the first time .
bournemouth have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
star wars actor chris woodley has won the top prize at the golden globes in los angeles .
glasgow warriors have signed south africa lock rennie kebble on a two - year contract .
great britain 's eilidh doyle won olympic gold in the men 's 4x400 m relay at the world championships in london .
an australian surfer has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after being bitten by a crocodile at a golf course in australia .
a man who dumped a rubbish dump in ipswich has been jailed for six months .
it has been a year since the uk leaves the european union .
burton albion have signed defender stephen bywater on a two - year deal following his release by burton albion .
staff at a mental health unit in north tyneside have been closed due to a lack of beds .
one of the world 's most famous artists , ancient ancient , is one of the world 's most famous artists .
it 's been a turbulent year for president barack obama 's visit to the european union .
troubled engineering firm firm has reported a loss of # ? ?   for 2014 .
the chief executive of a norfolk hospital has been criticised for failing to cope with a shortage of gps .
it was one of the most unusual moments of the year so far .
two men have been arrested in connection with the trafficking of two british men who went missing in india .
former england prop nick easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
us secretary of state john kerry has called for a halt on chinese waters in the disputed waters of the south china sea .
hundreds of people have attended a festival in cardiff to mark the 30th anniversary of the aberfan disaster .
it 's been a year since the first episode of the first series of the series of the great british bake off .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in county dublin .
one of the world 's most famous biologists shows the biologists ` ` showing '' , according to a new study .
the cost of the uk 's inflation rate has fallen to a record low , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
england were knocked out of the women 's world twenty20 with a hosts victory over south africa in johannesburg .
a welsh boxing player has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the sport 's governing body after she failed to compete at the commonwealth games .
a foods factory in perthshire has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
it is a very important week for the irish and irish governments .
bradford city secured their place in the league one play - off final with a comfortable win over bradford .
manchester united 's europa league game against manchester united has been announced .
juventus moved up to second place in the serie a title with a comfortable victory over bologna .
aston villa manager tim sherwood says his side have not been able to avoid relegation from the premier league .
two men have gone on trial in lebanon accused of involvement in the murder of a journalist in lebanon .
a lorry in essex has been forced to close after a lorry was damaged by a lorry .
concerns have been raised over plans to downgrade consultant - led maternity care at a north wales hospital .
the first female bishop of st mary 's church has been appointed as the first female bishop of st mary 's .
the number of dogs being bitten by dogs in devon and cornwall is to be carried out , the bbc has learned .
a man has been charged with causing the deaths of two people in a car crash in crawley .
a ship that was stranded in the antarctic off the west coast of scotland has been towed to the uk .
the boss of manchester city council has told the bbc he is ` ` very excited '' about the future of older people in the uk .
a court in california has blocked the use of a constitution smartphone that has been used by the us government .
some of the tv 's most popular tv presenters are calling for the introduction of a new tv programme .
eoin morgan hit a century as england beat new zealand by five wickets in the first one - day international at old trafford .
tranmere came from behind to beat tranmere at prenton park in the national league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at nigeria 's presidential election .
the family of a man who was found dead in a house in cardiff say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by his family .
a hospital has apologised after a patient suffered a heart attack at a hospital in northamptonshire .
england manager gary cahill praised his side 's ` ` unbelievable '' as they beat france in the world cup qualifier in paris .
production firm production has expanded its production and production production in the uk for the first time .
a man has been charged with the murder of a pensioner who was stabbed to death in newcastle .
john terry is to step down as artistic director of shakespeare 's globe .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the malaysian grand prix .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of flying a stricken -lrb- singer -rrb- tall robot in the us state of michigan .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a man found dead at a house in liverpool .
forest green came from behind to beat 10-man forest green in the national league .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north london .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has said the republican presidential candidate hillary clinton should be ` ` accusing '' and ` ` taking '' .
12th 12th has been announced as the new star of queen 's birthday honours .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
women 's super league one leaders birmingham city ladies have been drawn to the semi - finals of the women 's super league .
paralympic gold medallist danielle brown says she is ` ` very excited '' to compete at the rio 2016 paralympic games .
labour 's shadow cabinet secretary jeremy corbyn has called for a rethink of the government 's plan to devolve rail services in the east of england .
former prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the ` ` distress '' of former prime minister david cameron .
researchers at the university of sheffield say they have developed a new tool that aims to make it easier for people with disabilities .
the family of a man who has been missing for more than a year have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the security service .
jamaica and jamaica have agreed a deal to buy jamaica 's most expensive prison , the bbc understands .
europe 's lee westwood is one shot off the lead after the first round of the westwood championship at wentworth .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has called for an investigation into the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
dundee manager grant mccann has signed a new contract until the end of the season .
it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
a canadian military officer has been shot dead in canada 's capital , ottawa .
one of the world 's biggest technology companies , european , is to close its headquarters in belfast .
two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of kevin mcguigan sr .
tributes have been paid to elvis presley , who has died at the age of 72 .
more than a third of people in the uk do not pay their debt , a study has found .
serena williams and serena williams have been knocked out of wimbledon 's grand slam in the first round of the us open .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most dangerous muslims in the world .
oscar - winning actress kiss kiss has died at the age of 89 , the film director has said .
ireland 's ross county will take a feature lead into the final day of the county championship season .
the head of the african union -lrb- au -rrb- , authorities timbo , has called for an end to the conflict in south africa .
the number of people diagnosed with lung disease in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past five years , a charity has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important businesses in the uk .
plans for a new # 1.1 bn m4 relief road on the welsh coast have been backed by the welsh government .
schools in england are more likely to develop tablet computers , according to a new study .
a man has been found dead at a house in dorset .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in essex .
when steven gerrard 's decision to leave liverpool in the premier league on wednesday night , steven gerrard 's decision to leave liverpool and the club 's decision to leave the club in the premier league .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first satellite .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
great britain 's jung fox - pitt won olympic gold in the women 's jonty final at the rio olympics .
rescue teams are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that has killed at least 33 people and injured dozens more .
a man has died in a car crash in the us state of new orleans , police say .
league one side sheffield united have signed wolves defender richard richard on a season - long loan deal .
a gang of men have been arrested in connection with a raid on a jewellery shop in the capital , madrid .
the mayor of thames water has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of a # 4.2 bn hole in the river thames .
one of the biggest names in northern ireland 's history is one of the biggest names in northern ireland .
the president of yemen 's houthi rebel group , abdrabbuh mansour hadi , has announced that he will step down .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon has been left out of the race for the second time in a row .
it 's been a year since newcastle 's relationship with newcastle and newcastle .
north korean president kim jong - un has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that north korea 's president , kim jong - un , has been shot dead .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was shot in a street in birmingham .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has been suspended from the labour party over comments he made about adolf hitler .
the government has announced new rules aimed at reducing the number of children born in the uk .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the scottish government 's subsidy payment payment system .
former england captain michael wright has been appointed as the new captain of cricket .
the metropolitan police commissioner has called on the metropolitan police to do more to combat firearms .
manchester united were relegated from the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester united at old trafford .
a teenager has been taken to hospital after he was hit by a car in county armagh .
the number of university students in wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , a leading academic has said .
one of belfast 's biggest pubs , the maxwell , has been bought by a branches group .
chelsea midfielder casey stoney has been named in the england squad for the women 's world cup .
a belfast man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for the murder of a nine - year - old boy in belfast .
sheffield wednesday have signed middlesbrough striker jordan rhodes on loan until the end of the season .
rangi chase is one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the world .
the nhs in england is struggling to cope with a fall in discharging patients , the bbc has learned .
the former northern ireland secretary of state has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's plans to build a new road in belfast .
a man who raped and sexually assaulted two women in 1974 has been jailed for 12 years .
in the wake of the paris attacks , survivors of the paris attacks at the paris train station have told the bbc they were let down by the train .
great britain 's women 's hockey team have missed out on a place at the european curling championships .
the mother of a woman who was born in the german city of cologne has said she has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the death of her daughter .
hundreds of migrants are feared dead after a boat capsized off the libyan coast , the italian coastguard says .
premiership side exeter chiefs have signed england international hooker ben woodburn on a two - year deal .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in north belfast .
uber has become the first country in the world to introduce a new crackdown on taxi services .
the premier league is back at the top of the premier league .
the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- is being investigated by the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- after the rugby football league was abandoned .
rangers owner mike ashley has won a high court battle with rangers .
a recycling firm has been fined # 200,000 after a worker was crushed to death at a recycling plant in gloucester .
manchester united 's unbeaten start to the premier league season ended in defeat at manchester united .
a number of homes in greater manchester have been flooded because of heavy rain .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about donald trump 's response to the nato crisis .
two men have been charged with fraud in the us .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been charged with assaulting his opponent , us media say .
it 's been a busy year for queen of the south at the end of the year .
fire crews have tackled a blaze at a school in leeds .
british and irish lions wing george north has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
in the space of more than a decade , the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is on the verge of becoming the first international space station in space .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa captain liam fox as their new chief executive .
the family of a british woman who went missing while on holiday in thailand have appealed for help to find her daughter .
northern ireland 's health and social care service -lrb- piling -rrb- has said it is ` ` very confident '' that the northern ireland health service -lrb- piling -rrb- is to be restored .
abertay university has been named the best in the world to be named the best in the world for the first time .
the remains of a british soldier who died in the battle of arras have been named by the ministry of defence .
the us box office has returned to the top of the us box office for the second year running .
great britain 's women have missed out on a place in the semi - finals of the women 's hockey world cup in london .
a man has become the first person to swim the swim to swim around the world .
one of the world 's most famous climbers , a japanese , has been found dead in the alps .
a woman has been rescued from the sea off the coast of lochaber in lochaber .
more than a third of children in the uk are entitled to work more quickly , the government 's chief executive has said .
charlton athletic manager slavisa jokanovic says he has no problem with the club 's poor start to the league two season .
a kemp turtle has died after being washed up on a beach in cumbria .
hackers are being targeted by hackers , the company has confirmed .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's most famous artists .
a young man has won the 2016 british personality of the year award for the first time .
a group of former french president francois hollande has died at the age of 97 , the french president has said .
a man has appeared in court charged with the kidnap and murder of a newborn baby .
the link between the link between the uk and the uk 's banks has been criticised by the uk 's transport authority .
the environment agency has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' that a wall in the river thames was damaged by flooding .
former australia captain phillip hughes has died at the age of 83 .
a tv station at bay tv station has been sold for # toxteth .
first minister carwyn jones will return to cardiff for the first time since returning to cardiff .
tens of thousands of parents have taken part in a protest in the eastern indian state of madhya pradesh , officials say .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the key questions about president hassan rouhani 's resignation .
the us government has issued new rules on the use of mobile phones in the us state of san francisco .
solo whom , the first woman to become the uk 's first female prime minister , has died at the age of 86 .
when silva silva became the first child to be born in the brazilian city of sao paulo , ` ` silva was a young boy .
boris johnson has called for the uk to stay in the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
ukraine 's hopes of reaching the europa league knockout stage suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by ukraine in kiev .
at least 29 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the iraqi city of mosul , officials say .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the spread of breast cancer .
michael van gerwen came from behind to beat michael van gerwen in the first round of the pdc world darts championship .
a new review of domestic abuse has been launched by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
chipotle mexican grill has said it is investigating an outbreak of e. coli linked to an outbreak of e. coli .
a cardiff man has been given a suspended prison sentence for stealing more than # 1 m from a bank in cardiff .
thousands of people have taken part in commemorations across ukraine to mark the 70th anniversary of the soviet war .
us defence secretary ash carter has said the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is to take control of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has signed a $ 3.2 bn -lrb- # 3.2 bn -rrb- deal to buy nigeria 's boko haram islamist militant group .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in aberdeenshire .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in inverclyde have released a cctv image of a missing woman .
a nurse who injected her mother to death at her home has been found guilty of her manslaughter .
one of the world 's biggest technology companies , the media , has opened its doors to the public for the first time in its history .
the uk 's inflation rate fell to 0 % in april , official figures have shown .
football 's world governing body fifa says it is ` ` disappointed '' that the world cup will be held in qatar this summer .
plans for a luxury castle in warwick have been approved by the council .
a man has been jailed for five years for drug trafficking .
a rare bird of prey has been found at a norfolk nature reserve , conservationists have said .
students at queen 's university in belfast have launched a legal challenge to the university of belfast .
a life - sized fibreglass statue of a gorilla has been removed from a dorset town .
joni mitchell , who has died at the age of 69 , has said she is ` ` devastated '' after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis .
a convicted rapist has been found guilty of raping a convicted rapist .
a judge in the us state of ohio has sentenced two teenage girls to life in prison for the murder of a teenage girl .
west bromwich albion have signed former manchester united striker rob baxter on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
new england head coach ian ritchie says the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- will not be able to play in the european champions cup .
donald trump 's nomination for republican nominee donald trump 's nomination for republican presidential nominee donald trump has been palin .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- over safety concerns .
the church of england has voted to scrap the cost of church cuts in england and wales .
it 's been a busy year for the new york times .
a convicted fraudster has been jailed for 10 years for stealing more than # 10,000 from a convicted fraudster .
first minister carwyn jones has said the uk government is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the uk government 's decision to reject the uk government 's brexit deal .
junior doctors in england have voted to strike in a dispute over changes to junior doctors ' contracts .
league one side peterborough united have signed former peterborough united striker nathan barnett on a two - year contract .
disney 's artificial intelligence agency -lrb- logic -rrb- has unveiled a new version of its technology .
britain 's charlotte dujardin has become the first british rider to win the grand prix for the first time .
the average price of energy suppliers in england and wales has risen for the third year in a row , the regulator ofgem has said .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in the country for the first time in more than two decades .
labour leader tom mann has said he will vote for the uk to stay in the eu if it votes to leave the eu .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in dundee .
more than # 3 m has been pledged to help fund the olympic games in the city of culture .
former world cup champion abby wambach has been arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking .
welsh liberal democrat leader kirsty williams has told the bbc that he will not be able to keep the liberal democrats in the general election .
the body of a man believed to have been killed in the didcot power station collapse is still missing , the bbc has learned .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has announced it will freeze fares for london 's transport and transport services in london .
hosts cameroon were knocked out of the confederations cup in the first qualifying round of the confederations cup in russia .
the bodies of two people found dead at a house in liverpool have been identified by police .
a british man who was stabbed to death in the spanish capital , madrid , has been found dead in the capital , madrid .
at least 19 people have been killed in an attack on a train in china 's restive xinjiang region , state media report .
voters in the us state of wisconsin are set to vote on whether to win the presidential election .
a former soldier who died in the battle of the somme has died at the age of 95 .
the driver of a fishing boat which crashed in the sea off the isle of wight has been named by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
safety concerns have been raised over the safety of a railway line which was hit by a train in west coast .
lewis hamilton beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to pole position at the spanish grand prix .
the destruction of syria 's chemical weapons is to be carried out in syria , the un says .
voice strength , one of the uk 's most successful women , has died at the age of 97 .
homeless people in northampton are being given the chance to get homeless , a council has said .
birmingham city moved into the national league play - off places with a comfortable win over birmingham city .
a multi - million pound scheme to improve public transport in london has been launched by the city council .
crop yields could help solve the decline of wild farmers , according to a new study .
one of the uk 's biggest pubs , punch , has agreed to buy a new warehouse in the city .
pakistan 's world twenty20 match against pakistan has been dismissed by the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
it 's been a turbulent year for the european union .
the headline glastonbury festival is under way in earnest .
port vale stretched their lead at the top of the league one table with a comfortable win over port vale .
london 2012 will be a success in london , according to the club 's director of rugby mark wood .
the russian military has issued a formal warning to the russian government over the deaths of two russian pilots in syria last week .
chancellor george osborne has said the uk economy is ` ` in the balance of a recession '' after the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
coronation street actress barbara windsor is to return to eastenders for the first time since the death of her brother .
five - time champion ronnie o'sullivan reached the second round of the world championship with a 6 - 5 win over ronnie o'sullivan .
a section of the highland in caithness has been closed due to a landslip on the a9 .
oldham athletic have parted company with manager rob lainton following the club 's exit from the league two club .
margaret thatcher was one of britain 's most influential and charismatic politicians .
millions of workers in the uk are being given the chance to go into retirement pension , according to a new report .
manic street preachers have been inducted into the welsh language of the welsh music festival .
a man has been left ` ` fuming '' after he was sent to a toilet at a house in manchester .
a nurse in the us city of sweden has told the bbc that she was ` ` happy '' to be the first person in the uk to be able to get care .
the sign of a cafe sign at a cafe in powys has raised concerns about the sign of the sign .
it 's been a big day for many of the most famous days of this year 's strictly come dancing .
the duke of london has paid tribute to the victims of the shoreham air disaster .
defending champion vincenzo nibali won the second stage of the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
british number two heather watson was knocked out of the citi open in the second round of the monterrey open .
the number of town centres in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to official figures .
the bodies of two of the disappeared victims have been found in the republic of ireland .
a jury in the case of a 15-year - old girl accused of raping a 15-year - old girl has been dropped .
a judge in the us state of ohio has been criticised by the high court in the us state of los angeles .
england 's all - time leading goalscorer john milner has announced his retirement from international football .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe united defender luke watson on loan until the end of the season .
marvel has been named as the new film for the first time .
us president donald trump has signed a law banning transgender people in the us state of mississippi .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side are still feeling out of the premier league relegation zone .
a rare bird of prey has been spotted at a nature reserve in north yorkshire .
leeds united boss uwe rosler has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to sell the club to the club 's supporters .
the number of welsh students being taught in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , the welsh language commissioner has said .
it has been a difficult year for passengers in portugal .
super league side widnes vikings have signed catalans dragons half - back sam burgess on a two - year deal .
a man has died after being hit by a car in north london .
the funeral has been held for a british marine who died in the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
on the eve of the 7 july olympics , the duke and duchess of cambridge have become the first briton to win a medal for the first time .
the first minister has called on the uk government to introduce a ban on english laws in english laws .
one of the world 's most design suction has been unveiled in italy .
northern ireland 's new taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- has called for the republic of ireland to hold talks with the republic of ireland .
us intelligence leaker edward snowden has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about his son edward snowden .
inmates at a prison in kent have been evacuated after a riot at a prison .
dozens of civilians have been killed in an air strike on a rebel - held area of the syrian city of aleppo , activists say .
the number of homes and businesses in england and wales has risen for the first time in more than two years .
linfield 's hopes of reaching the champions league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by champions dundalk at windsor park .
plans for a new lease carrier in bristol have been approved by bristol city council .
work has begun on a new # 3 m library in flintshire .
scientists have discovered a new species of reptile that can be extinct in the wild .
in the end of the year , the chancellor george osborne announced that he will raise tax rates for the first time since the end of 2015 .
the scottish government is to review the safety of high - rise flats in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
shirley temple , who has died at the age of 71 , has died at the age of 83 .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has signed a peace deal with south sudan 's capital , juba .
russian president vladimir putin has cancelled a concert in eastern ukraine , killing at least 19 people , officials say .
world number one mark selby reached the second round of the world championship with a 10 - 6 victory over world number one mark selby .
mental health services in england are to be funded by funding cuts to the nhs in england , the bbc has learned .
the number of new greenhouse gas emissions targets in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year .
the leader of the king of morocco , mountazar drissi , has called for the country 's parliament to change the country 's constitution .
texas feat has become the youngest player in the world to become the youngest player in the world .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle a pipe bomb into a flat in dumfries and galloway .
brentford have appointed mark warburton as their new manager .
scientists say they have found the remains of a ` ` human '' hoard of a beach in ceredigion .
brazilian president dilma rousseff is to host the olympic games in rio de janeiro , rio de janeiro has announced .
two people have been rescued from the sea during a rescue operation in oban , county down .
thousands of gay people have marched through the streets of singapore to protest against a ban on gay rights activists .
two men who stole jewellery worth more than # 1 m from a durham museum have been jailed .
an investigation has been launched after a children 's body was found at a nursery in ceredigion .
the chief executive of the uk government has warned that the uk government should do more to tackle standards in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
the president of the african union -lrb- au -rrb- , ghana ghana , is to leave sierra leone , the country 's president says .
australian rugby league player ccc hunt has been charged with drugs offences .
a new constitution has come into effect in the egyptian capital , addis ababa .
the father of a man who was shot dead by the army in londonderry has called on the government to do more to protect the victims of the troubles .
the body of a russian man whose body was found in a house in the russian city of moscow has died , police say .
the number of children in wales diagnosed with tooth decay in wales has fallen for the first time in a decade , new figures show .
ferrari 's slashing car has become the first car to reach the world car speed record .
liverpool city council has voted in favour of an investigation into the hillsborough disaster .
at least 20 people have been killed in a blast at a university in the southern indian city of truck , local officials say .
construction work is to begin on the first phase of the # 112 m upgrade of the m74 in north lanarkshire .
dundee united have signed midfielder lewis lewis from dundee united for an undisclosed fee .
two people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the french alps .
tributes have been paid to rock singer sheehan sheehan , who has died at the age of 72 .
china has accused the us of ` ` serious concern '' over the disputed waters of a disputed island in the south china sea .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has confirmed it is investigating a ` ` massive cyber - attack '' in the us state of california .
dixons carphone has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
the irish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the introduction of a ban on e - cigarette fracturing in the republic of ireland .
thailand 's former prime minister yingluck shinawatra has been found guilty of conspiring to oust the former prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
it was one of the most successful goals in the scottish premiership .
ferry services between scotland and the isle of man ferry have been cancelled after a ferry fault .
birmingham city 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by nottingham forest .
pop star taylor swift and taylor swift are on the verge of winning the uk album of the year .
england 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the world cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by a poor cornwall side .
manchester city have been crowned premier league leaders manchester city in the premier league title race .
a collection of the great british isles has gone on display in nottingham for the first time .
google has become the first place in the uk to make it easier for people to use virtual reality technology .
a british man has won the world championships for the first time in the world .
education secretary heather watson has called for a ban on free school meals in england and wales .
the number of people working in the south east of scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
northern ireland 's joel cassells and joel cassells have qualified for the european championships at the european championships .
a police force has been accused of failing to properly investigate the death of a woman who was found dead at her birmingham home .
aguirre aguirre , who has died at the age of 83 , has died at the age of 83 .
south africa coach jose mashaba says his team are capable of beating cameroon in the africa cup of nations .
a north korean man has pleaded guilty to a string of sexual offences against north korea , the bbc has learned .
the parents of a three - year - old boy who died after being diagnosed with cancer have said they are ` ` overwhelmed '' by the treatment of his mother .
london 's clifton bridge bridge is to be closed as part of a # 500 m project to upgrade the river thames .
a security flaw in the software software system has been developed by security researchers .
pope francis has been sworn in as the new pope of the roman catholic church .
a rare giraffe cub has been born at edinburgh zoo , the scottish zoo has confirmed .
manchester city will take part in the champions league final in manchester for the first time since the champions league final .
msps have backed calls for a holyrood inquiry into the use of food waste in the scottish parliament .
defending champion mark allen reached the quarter - finals of the world championship with a 10 - 6 win over mark allen .
a us drone strike in the afghan capital , mullah omar akhundzada , has been killed in a drone strike , officials say .
a us judge has sentenced a transgender woman to life in prison for the murder of her daughter .
england all - rounder sarah taylor has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one side .
one of the world 's most famous artists , sculptors bus , has died at the age of 94 .
a campaign has been launched to save a grade ii - listed swimming pool in berkshire .
at least 19 people have been killed in a bus crash in the german city of dresden , german officials say .
british cycling has been criticised by the british cycling association -lrb- ukad -rrb- for failing to properly investigate allegations of sexism .
a scottish court has given the go - ahead to the trial of colin pilley , who has been charged with the murder of colin pilley .
german footballer gabriel hitzlsperger has announced his retirement from international football .
a man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a police officer in the indian capital , delhi .
it 's been a turbulent year for labour leader jeremy corbyn 's election campaign .
a woman accused of stealing more than # 290,000 from her former partner has told a court she had ` ` no idea '' she had been conned out of money .
the uk should remain in the european union after brexit , according to a report from the house of lords .
in the wake of the brexit vote , northern ireland 's first minister , enda kenny , has called for an end to the crisis in northern ireland .
a man has been sacked after being caught by a police officer after being filmed by a police officer .
the search for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been confirmed by the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 .
xherdan shaqiri scored twice as chelsea beat stoke to move up to third in the premier league table .
wasps maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a bonus - point win over sale at sale sharks .
southampton have signed striker gape gape on a season - long loan from premier league side bournemouth .
a horse horse has died after being hit by a horse during a chase at the cheltenham festival .
a plane had to be diverted to the uk after being hit by a plane at stansted airport .
a hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' after being rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
it 's been a year since rotherham united were relegated from the english football league .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the scottish police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
residents of a traveller farm in essex have been told they will face legal action over plans to build a site in essex .
a large fire has broken out at a derelict building in glasgow city centre .
scotland 's davis cup captain greg fleming has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the sport 's handling of match - fixing .
plans for a new train station in lancashire have been approved by the county council .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
the world 's biggest online clothing retailer , zara , has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
police are investigating after two cars were involved in a crash on the southbound near a74 in county down .
former england captain michael phelps has been praised by the british professional association of england and wales cricket board .
the new nigeria coach , sunday oliseh , has announced his retirement from international football .
leeds rhinos will host hull fc in the quarter - finals of the super league season .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about kenya 's funding of foreign aid aid .
the number of cross - channel passengers being allowed to travel to the uk has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , the government has said .
millwall boss mark cavendish says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's supporters after the club 's 1 - 0 win over millwall .
the football association of england and wales footballer michael cullen has signed a new deal with the premier league club .
hull city moved up to third in the championship with victory over struggling hull city .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the french capital , madrid .
south african rugby league chief executive michael van rooyen says the european rugby union -lrb- irb -rrb- will help the region to play in the pro12 .
the resignation of former british prime minister sir jimmy savile is being investigated by mps .
a petition calling on the scottish government to introduce a drug to treat incurable muscular dystrophy has been launched by the scottish government .
usain bolt became the first british athlete to win the olympic men 's 100 m final at the world championships in london .
assistant manager mark mcghee says the scottish fa cup quarter - final against san marino is a ` ` disgrace '' .
ulster director of rugby les kiss has confirmed he will retire at the end of the season .
dumfries and galloway council has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the council commission .
a man accused of murdering a toddler with a single punch has told a court he was ` ` too scared '' to kill him .
crawley ended crawley 's four - game unbeaten run in league two with victory over crawley at crawley .
the european union has agreed to spend $ 50 m -lrb- Â # niger -rrb- to help tackle the migrant crisis in africa .
livingston missed the chance to go top of livingston in the scottish championship with victory over livingston .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a car in . ,   county antrim .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the isle of man .
chancellor george osborne has accused the uk of trying to influence the uk 's exit from the european union .
derry city extended their lead at the top of the championship to seven points as they were held to a draw by galway .
an investigation has been launched after a cyber attack in edinburgh was targeted by hackers .
hull kr moved up to third in the premier league with a comfortable victory over hull kr .
spain has carried out a series of anti - terror raids in spain , in the wake of a terror attack in the capital , madrid .
the royal navy 's biggest shipyard , the compound , has died at the age of 87 .
the pakistani leader of the pakistani state of balochistan has called for an end to the death of a prominent pakistani politician .
the world 's largest immense dinosaur has been given the go - ahead for the first time .
a sea sea salt company has been bought by the british sea for the first time in the uk .
olympic gold medallist louis smith became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the olympic games in rio .
two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in county antrim .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a car crash in norwich was accidental , an inquest has heard .
a gang of thieves stole thousands of pounds worth of thousands of pounds in the past year , a court has heard .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end as they were beaten at home by bournemouth .
production production firm volkswagen has said it will stop production production in the production of its production production .
the head of australia 's attorney general has said she is ` ` outraged '' by the government 's handling of the government 's handling of the government 's handling of the government .
huddersfield giants have signed warrington wolves forward ormsby ormsby for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
one of the world 's most famous the artist , warhol mao , has sold for $ based m -lrb- # portraits m -rrb- at an auction in hong kong .
a former australian health minister has been charged with breaching the case of an australian doctor who has been accused of being a doctor .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in east london .
match reports for the weekend 's scottish premiership and championship games .
a man accused of murdering his disabled wife has told a court he was ` ` devastated '' by a ` ` distraught '' .
one of the most famous pyramid in the world has been found on the surface of the main capital , cairo , officials say .
league two side grimsby town have signed striker nathan pritchard from peterborough united for an undisclosed fee .
world champion justin gatlin finished third in the men 's 100 m final at the world championships in doha .
sunderland midfielder adnan januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the earth 's carbon system .
forest green rovers came from behind to beat gloucestershire in the national league at the top of the national league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the nobel prize for physics .
london mayor boris johnson has criticised london mayor boris johnson 's plans for a new private housing scheme .
a former governor of the us state of tamaulipas , yarrington yarrington , has been arrested in the us .
a bird has been shot in the back of a house in dumfries and galloway .
russian president vladimir putin and russian president vladimir putin have met russia 's leaders in a meeting with russia 's president vladimir putin .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has confirmed he is interested in becoming rangers manager .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he is confident cardiff city boss neil warnock will miss the rest of the season .
saracens head coach mark mccall says he is ` ` proud '' of winning the european champions cup after winning the european champions cup .
the debate over the future of the uk 's membership of the european union has come to an end .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc children 's footballer of the year award has been announced .
motherwell have signed aberdeen midfielder sean quinn on loan until the end of the season .
ikea has been fined $ received -lrb- # chair ; $ ikea -rrb- by the us federal reserve of ikea -lrb- ikea -rrb- .
more than a third of people in the uk are overweight or obese , according to a new study .
hibernian head coach neil lennon has urged his players to show their squad for the scottish cup final .
the world 's longest aircraft , the flying scotsman , has died in a plane crash in essex .
the uk 's first major science science centre is to be built in newcastle .
the number of people living in jersey for the first time in the uk has risen for the first time in more than two years .
an elderly woman has been conned out of a cash machine after being hit by a cash machine .
a category house has been destroyed in a fire at a house in kent .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's most famous artists .
the leader of the australian labor party , bob katter , has called for an inquiry into the killing of a man in australia .
the number of people dying from sepsis in england has more than doubled in the past five years , a bbc investigation has found .
this is the world 's most famous sporting event .
a bible dating to the university of cambridge has been given the go - ahead by the university of cambridge .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a farm in hampshire .
us president donald trump has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' that the us will not be allowed to return to the united states .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the spanish grand prix .
it 's been a year since scotland voted to leave the european union .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans to cut the number of army reservists in afghanistan .
two men have been killed in a crash on the a64 in north yorkshire .
scottish finance secretary derek mackay has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's draft budget committee .
worcestershire have signed new zealand all - rounder mitchell santner for next season 's t20 blast campaign .
scotland striker scott brown has been named in gordon strachan 's scotland squad for the world cup qualifier against scotland .
the president of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the closure of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the world 's largest aircraft , the jet jet , has been flown to the us for the first time .
the parents of a children 's nursery in somerset have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the closure of a children 's holiday .
the owners of a dog which had to be removed from a pit in county down have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the decision to allow them to return to the public .
a former conservative mp has been charged with rape and sexual assault .
the uk 's broadband infrastructure needs to improve faster than the uk 's broadband infrastructure , according to a report by the uk government .
more than 100 people have died in new zealand for the first time in more than 30 years .
south korea has warned that north korea will be ready to host the olympic games in rio .
swiss prosecutors have raided the offices of the swiss bank , ubs , to investigate allegations of fraud in france .
thousands of people have taken part in the international space station on the international space station .
two australian military personnel have been killed in an accident in the australian province of japan , officials say .
alloa athletic moved into the scottish championship play - off places with a comfortable win at brechin city .
drivers have been warned to expect traffic delays at a new road junction in plymouth .
a police investigation has been launched after the scottish football league 's governing body was criticised by the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- .
super league side warrington wolves have signed australia international hooker samoan samoan on a two - year deal .
the number of people being born in the uk has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
a security firm has apologised after a security flaw at the centre of a security flaw in the us state of virginia .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was found dead in conwy county .
sir rolf harris is among the nominees for this year 's olivier awards .
all images are copyrighted .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was found at a house in east london .
cosmetic cosmetic is to be sold to the public for the first time in more than 30 years .
a man accused of murdering a man in essex has been found guilty of murder .
work has started on a # 3 m transformation of a derelict library in flintshire .
china has accused the chinese government of conspiring with illegal illegal mining in the country .
oil giant oil has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of december .
one of the uk 's most exclusive music festivals has been sold at auction for # harper .
plans to boost flood defences in wales have been outlined by the welsh government .
former lib dem leader tim yianni has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's decision to sell a former conservative social care site .
forwards coach robin mcbryde has been named as the new head coach of the welsh rugby union .
more than a third of graduates in the uk should be allowed to work in the uk , according to a new report .
drinks giant coca - cola has agreed to pay $ 92 -lrb- # price -rrb- in a $ 92 bn -lrb- Â # jab bn -rrb- deal .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has called for a boycott of talks between qatar and the gulf of qatar .
health secretary shona robison has announced plans to cut seven - day gp practice in scotland .
welsh number one mark williams is through to the second round of the world snooker championship in sheffield .
police in the us state of north dakota have arrested a man in connection with the construction of a controversial oil pipeline .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he will not appeal against the red card shown to captain john terry at the end of the season .
when she is one of the most different countries in the world .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , sammy wilson , has said the uk is ` ` on the brink of saving the uk '' .
a man accused of causing the deaths of two people in a car crash in rhondda cynon taff has told a court he was ` ` a scapegoat '' .
the head teacher of the national school of teachers -lrb- lights -rrb- has told the bbc he will not be able to recruit teachers in england and wales .
the uk 's only flying lancaster bomber has returned to the uk for the first time in more than two years .
league two side colchester united have signed former plymouth argyle goalkeeper chris gilmartin on a one - year contract .
the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has won its first parliamentary majority in the european elections .
hull kr coach jamie peacock says he is ` ` disappointed '' after sean kelly 's return to the club for the first time this season .
the us supreme court has overturned a ban on gay marriage in the us state of california .
hartlepool united manager craig hignett has urged his players to stay away from the league two relegation zone .
russia 's foreign ministry has told the bbc that russia 's foreign ministry is ` ` abandon '' and ` ` imminent '' and ` ` imminent '' .
former world champion jonathan de souza says he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his brother , who has died at the age of 74 .
chancellor george osborne has announced plans to cut business rates for small businesses in the uk .
footballer adam johnson has been cleared of raping a 15-year - old girl , a court has heard .
the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- has been criticised by the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- .
the first minister has accused the uk government of ` ` trigger '' over the uk 's departure from the european union .
it 's been a busy week for david cameron .
jersey will not be able to host the island in the next two years , it has been confirmed .
republican presidential candidate marco rubio has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by a video appearing to show the us presidential candidate donald trump .
a man has been charged with murder after a pedestrian was hit by a car in bristol .
rangers have completed the signing of defender bruno dorrans from norwich city for an undisclosed fee .
colombia 's most wanted drug lord , inside huts , is one of colombia 's most wanted drug traffickers .
west ham 's harry potter and the cursed child are among the nominees for this year 's glastonbury festival .
the royal navy 's most powerful naval submarine , it , is one of the world 's most powerful ships .
nigeria coach stephen keshi has stepped down as head coach of nigeria 's national team .
the shortlist for this year 's scottish book prize has been announced .
the united nations has announced it will not allow the united nations star to be the next president of the united nations .
the rugby football league has agreed to pay # exiles m from the rugby football union .
former england goalkeeper andy murray has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in a pub .
members of the orange order have said they will take part in a twelfth of orange order in northern ireland .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the deaths of two police officers in northern ireland .
paraguay 's president , juan manuel santos , has said he will step down as president of the democratic republic of congo .
lee mcculloch has been named as the new manager of rangers .
the family of a kent businessman who died after being hit by a car in kent have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the collapse .
the secretary of state has told the bbc that the uk will remain in the eu if it wins the general election .
wigan warriors moved level on points with super league leaders castleford as they beat leeds rhinos at the dw stadium .
the bbc has announced plans for a new tv service for local media services in the east of england .
a body has been found in the search for a 19-year - old man who died after falling from a river in the river nith .
poorer pupils in england are less likely to get free school meals , a study suggests .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
the first same - sex marriage case in northern ireland has been rejected by the high court in belfast .
petra kvitova beat dominika cibulkova in straight sets to reach the quarter - finals of the wuhan open .
this year 's grammy awards ceremony has been held on the bbc music awards .
league one side bury have signed goalkeeper scott brown on a one - year deal following his release by bury .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has been criticised by the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- in the democratic republic of congo .
in the haiti of hurricane sandy in haiti , the hurricane villages haiti is trying to save the country .
brazil captain zuniga zuniga has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club .
taiwan has banned chinese government ministers for the first time in more than two years , the country 's interior ministry says .
josh parker has become the first british fighter to win the wba world bantamweight title in new zealand .
former wales wing shane williams has signed a new contract with ospreys .
the world 's biggest aircraft , boeing , has left the boeing 787 dreamliner .
britain 's chris froome won stage eight of the tour de france as britain 's chris froome finished third .
trainer ryan mcbride has been left out of the race at the british horseracing authority after being hit by a horse .
south africa 's president omar al - bashir has called for the country to stay in the country for the first time in more than 30 years .
one of the uk 's largest steel firms , administrator , has announced it is to close its operations at the end of the year .
spanish prosecutors say they are investigating allegations of corruption in the country 's anti - corruption scandal .
leeds united climbed to the top of the championship with victory over fellow strugglers leeds united .
chinese tech giant ai weiwei has launched an online campaign for artificial intelligence .
the number of prison officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to a report .
thousands of people have taken part in a competition to raise money for a world war one hero .
booker prize - winning author 52 52 has been named in the new year 's honours list .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid came from behind to beat real madrid and reach the world cup quarter - finals .
in the wake of the london 2012 olympics , the head of the youth sports association -lrb- prime -rrb- has told the bbc .
the driver of the self - driving car that crashed in the us state of philadelphia has called on the driver of a driver who died in a crash in california .
world number one mark selby beat world number one mark selby to reach the semi - finals of the world championship .
birds of prey have been shot by a bird of prey in bedfordshire , the rspb has said .
three men have been charged in connection with a series of sex offences in lincoln .
us vice president joe biden has told the bbc he is ` ` very good '' to meet canadian prime minister justin trudeau .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has declared the worst outbreak of the outbreak of the ebola outbreak in west africa .
amazon is the uk 's biggest online business business .
a man has been given a suspended jail sentence for endangering a ship into the river lagan in belfast .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend 's ex - girlfriend has told a court she did not think she was a woman , a court has heard .
a mother and son have been charged in connection with the death of a woman who was struck by a car .
the rolling stones of sir mick jagger , who has died at the age of 93 , has died .
bournemouth midfielder tommy elphick will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
guiseley extended their lead at the top of the national league with a comfortable victory over guiseley .
the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- has been accused of ` ` remarkably '' by the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- .
one of scotland 's most famous garden gardens has been put up for sale .
plans to build a new nuclear power plant in somerset have been given the go - ahead by the government .
the uk 's national bird is to be given the chance to vote in the general election , the bbc has learned .
jack marriott scored his first goal of the season as peterborough came from behind to beat peterborough at the memorial stadium .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the she studied in kenya .
police in spain say they have seized more than $ 1 m -lrb- Â # trade ; $ return -rrb- in cash from the us .
glentoran boss gary haveron says his side are capable of winning the premiership title as they prepare to face cliftonville in the premiership .
it 's one of the most remarkable moments in golf history .
lance armstrong is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
thousands of people in the us state of california have been forced to flee their homes after a fire broke out in the us state of california .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has been ordered to pay # 130 m over the uk tax scandal .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a parade to mark the 35th anniversary of the easter rising .
national league strugglers welling came from behind to earn a point against national league strugglers welling .
work to repair a grade ii listed bridge damaged by flooding has been delayed .
a seal pup has been rescued after being rescued from a beach in the scottish borders .
a number of cases of flu have been found at a mental health unit in cardiff .
one of the world 's biggest technology companies , the swedish , has been sacked .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire broke out at a recycling plant in wiltshire .
it 's one of the most famous actresses in the world .
former argentina coach bauza bauza has been named as the new coach of the argentine football federation .
birmingham city have signed striker paul caddis from birmingham city for an undisclosed fee .
the fbi has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the fbi 's handling of the san bernardino gunman syed rizwan farook .
a high court judge has ruled that the government must abandon the government 's plan to curb air pollution in england .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to build a new base in the isle of wight .
nasa 's curiosity rover has released a picture of nasa 's curiosity rover to mars .
paul lawrie says he has no regrets about becoming the first team to win the ryder cup in the united states .
a man has been sentenced to six years in jail for the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a bar in londonderry .
a wildlife reserve has been forced to open its doors for the first time in more than two years .
coventry 's ricoh arena has been cancelled due to funding cuts , organisers have said .
thames water has become the first in the world to have a bit of fat .
nottinghamshire all - rounder jim wells has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
the number of the more in the uk has been a in more in the more .
great britain 's stuart broad has been knocked out of the world championship after a gripping final round of the australia championship .
the welsh secretary of state , stephen crabb , has called on the uk government to leave the european union .
in the wake of the death of a black man in tulsa , north carolina , the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is one of the most controversial police officers in the world .
japanese carmaker toyota has reported a net profit of $ profit -lrb- # environment -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes in a devon village have been approved by the local government .
the psni has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by the psni 's handling of a series of shootings in northern ireland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the importance of military strikes in syria .
all pictures are copyrighted .
singapore and singapore have been accused of ` ` doing '' that they say may have been ` ` removing '' in indonesia .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sex offences against two muslim teenagers .
some of the world 's most famous landscapes have been found in a river in london .
kids in the west midlands have been asked to take part in a special campaign to raise awareness of children 's mental health .
the international rugby union -lrb- ipc -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' by the international football federation -lrb- algeria -rrb- over the treatment of two indian players .
mps have backed calls for a new law to be debated in parliament in parliament .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been banned for two months after testing positive for meldonium .
more than half of children in northern ireland are more likely to be active , according to a new study .
more than half of people in the uk are missing out on social media , according to a survey .
steve backshall says it is ` ` used '' that the word ` ` used '' is ` ` used '' and ` ` used '' .
west ham striker bastian schweinsteiger has been charged by the football association for racially abusing a referee .
plans for a # 100 m holiday park in nottingham have been approved by the city council .
police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing after a night out in ipswich have appealed for help to trace him .
a campaign group has launched an investigation into the use of sexist clothing in the uk .
rail passengers are being warned about the dangers of ticket ticket prices for the first time in more than two years .
a court in china has sentenced a man to life in prison in connection with the murder of a prominent blogger in the north - eastern province of beijing .
a court in singapore has sentenced a man to six years in jail for a string of child sex offences .
league one side southend united have signed mansfield town striker oliver oliver on loan until the end of the season .
scotland 's oil and gas sector has reported a sharp rise in revenues in the first three months of the year .
the welsh army has announced plans to close its military base in pembrokeshire .
highland council has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about a number of complaints about public toilets in inverness .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has said he is ` ` very confident '' that his party will win the general election if he wins the election .
hibernian head coach neil lennon says his side are capable of winning the scottish cup after a disappointing start to the season .
labour leadership contender jeremy corbyn has been named as the new leader of the unite union .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's most powerful buses .
there has been a lot of confusion about the future of universities in wales .
hibernian missed out on a place in the scottish premiership after a goalless draw at home to ross county .
a passenger plane has crashed on a runway in the us city of los angeles .
bbc sport is to broadcast live coverage of the 2016 olympic games in rio .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the ` ` close '' of daniels .
alex salmond , who has died at the age of 74 , was one of scotland 's most influential politicians .
league one side cambridge united will play manchester city in the fa cup third round .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the european championship were dented as they were held to a draw by albania .
the jury in the trial of boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter .
russia says it has carried out a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
kent county council has become the latest local authority to take over the running of a council in kent .
norwich city boss paul tettey says his side are capable of beating norwich city in the premier league .
police in the us state of michigan say they are investigating the death of a woman who was shot and killed by a car .
a dog has been reunited with the owners of a dog who died after being hit by a car .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on the sale of a glasgow restaurant .
star wars actor john boyega has become the latest star wars actor to play a new star wars film .
the us federal justice department -lrb- lounge -rrb- has announced it will sell the sale of marijuana for the us federal reserve .
the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- leader mike nesbitt has announced he will not stand in the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- .
nick nick was one of the most notorious men in the history of his life .
bristol city 's decision to approve plans for a new stadium on the outskirts of bristol has been delayed .
ukip leader nigel farage is to stand down as leader of the uk independence party , the party 's leader nigel farage has said .
great britain missed out on a place in the eurobasket finals for the first time since 2006 after beating great britain at the copper box .
england will host the icc champions trophy when they face south africa in the final match of the champions trophy .
world number one milos raonic has pulled out of the australian open at the australian open .
labour leadership contender jeremy corbyn has claimed victory in the leadership of the labour leadership contest .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in sheffield .
plans to cut the number of children 's services in wolverhampton have been branded ` ` inadequate '' by council bosses .
derry manager brendan rodgers said he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's decision to withdraw from the game against tyrone on sunday .
the appeal against a conviction for the conviction of a convicted murderer in edinburgh has failed .
dog owners are being urged to take their pets in the back of their pet pet shop .
it 's been a big year for the world wheelchair basketball team .
a woman who died in a plane crash in wiltshire has been named by the ministry of defence .
a masked man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed robbery in county antrim .
a petition calling for a ban on the a303 at stonehenge has been given the green light .
sdlp leader alasdair eastwood is to stand down as leader of the sdlp in the next election .
the scottish economy is ` ` on track '' , according to a committee of msps .
st helens maintained their perfect start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over st helens .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the indian capital , delhi .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
plaid cymru has said it is ` ` confident '' plaid cymru will hold talks with plaid cymru in a deal with plaid cymru .
animal welfare campaigners have been fined # 250,000 for illegally using endangered animals in ceredigion .
gareth bale and james phillips have been included in wales ' squad for the world cup qualifier against wales and georgia .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the mental health of the world .
calls have been made for an independent investigation into the handling of an investigation into the death of a woman at a cardiff hospital .
there has been a rise in the number of people drinking drinking alcohol in wales , according to a report .
sir elton john has said he is ` ` devastated '' after being diagnosed with a heart attack during a concert at london 's hyde park .
england 's paul simpson was beaten in the first round of the women 's world squash championship after beating egypt 's na 29-year - old in the final .
an air accident in the southern indian city of east was delayed for the second time in less than a week , a report has found .
nottingham forest head coach philippe montanier says the club 's poor start to the season is the ` ` biggest challenge '' of his career .
japanese football legend miura miura has signed a new one - year deal with the national league club .
the head of the south african army -lrb- army -rrb- , thomas thabane , has told the bbc he will return to south africa .
logistics firm menzies has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the airline 's decision to cut its operating profit for the three months to march .
the uk has become the first uk university to do more to protect students from the european union .
sale sharks director of rugby steve diamond says the club can not afford to sign a new contract with the club .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after a fire at a flat in conwy county was accidental , an inquest has heard .
a chinese teenager has been arrested in dubai after being found guilty of taking part in an international competition .
england 's anthony fowler will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the china masters .
police have appealed for information after a man was shot in the back of a house in dumfries and galloway .
england 's tyrrell hatton moved into the final round of the masters with a third victory in the final round of the masters .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said his side 's poor start to the season came to an end as liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup .
fertility campaigners have called for the introduction of ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
thousands of people have taken part in the inaugural us presidential election .
in the eu , ordinary , ordinary , greeks , greeks , greeks , greeks , if , if and retain .
us president donald trump has signed a law to ban the sale of recreational marijuana .
teaching assistants in east sussex are to be balloted for industrial action in a row over pay .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the scottish government 's decision to cut the number of children in scotland .
the world 's biggest cruise ship , the world 's biggest cruise ship , has arrived in the uk .
one of the most famous music festivals in the world has gone on show at the venice festival .
facebook has launched a campaign to stop facebook sharing its facebook page .
stephen stephen , the father of stephen stephen , has died at the age of 89 .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed lower on friday , boosted by strong economic data from the us dollar .
the bank of england 's banking watchdog has warned that the uk 's financial watchdog could be forced to make changes to the country 's financial crisis .
two men have been arrested in connection with a laser attack on a man in edinburgh .
formula 1 racing champion audi has been named as the world 's fastest car racing race .
it 's one of the most influential actors in the world , and it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
the australian government has rejected a package of measures to reduce the number of people in the south of the country .
petrol bombs have broken out at a petrol station in stones , county down .
two men have been taken to hospital following a serious assault in glasgow .
the spanish government says it has uncovered a number of documents from the country 's main opposition party -lrb- handwriting -rrb- .
a former us military officer has been arrested in afghanistan in connection with the attempted murder of a us soldier .
edin dzeko scored a hat - trick as roma came from behind to beat roma and move five points clear at the top of serie a.
ukip 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about claims that the party 's election candidate is being investigated by police .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has launched a trial in london aimed at helping people with disabilities on the tube .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the us city of beit winning , a day after the us president appeared to criticise the us .
the northern ireland ambulance service -lrb- gaa -rrb- has suspended the suspension of a railway station in newry , county down .
thailand 's crown prince maha vajiralongkorn has died at the age of 88 .
in a small town in the us city of alexander , one of the world 's most famous but , brewing , what , what , but and golden .
the eurozone 's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since records began in january .
a woman 's body has been found on a beach in cornwall .
it 's been 350 years since the start of the year .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in south lanarkshire .
the roll - out of smart meters in the uk will be delayed until next year , the government has announced .
thousands of people have turned out for the first time on the first day of the world 's biggest nuclear power station .
northern ireland women suffered a shock defeat by spain in their opening game of the women 's euro 2017 .
a new oil and gas facility is to be built in angus , aberdeenshire .
an outbreak of flu at a swansea nursing home is being treated as suspicious , health officials have said .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- has voted to legalise same - sex marriage in northern ireland .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a baby girl in south london .
the world 's most famous world , the world 's largest supercomputer , is one of the world 's biggest economies in the world .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people suspected of taking part in the country 's most popular city .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a mental health officer has been sacked for gross misconduct after she was found guilty of gross misconduct .
meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat and meat .
one of the uk 's most famous moth , johnson johnson , has died at the age of 97 .
in the run - up to the general election , the uk 's biggest supermarket chain , asda , has become the latest supermarket in the uk to become the first uk school in the uk .
a 13-year - old boy has been arrested after a passenger passenger was injured in a plane crash in san francisco , california .
one of the world 's most famous locomotives has been sold at auction for # flying .
us entrepreneur jeff bezos has told the bbc he is ` ` excited '' that he has been involved in a rocket crash in the atlantic ocean .
us comic actor sean dillon has died at the age of 82 , his family has confirmed .
it 's been a turbulent year for prime minister david cameron 's decision to leave the european union .
a man who sexually abused children in jail has been jailed for 12 years .
scientists say they have found a way to treat the body of free tissue in the blood system .
all images are copyrighted .
national league club forest green rovers have parted company with manager mark hughes .
one of the world 's most endangered animal species , francis francis , has announced that it is shutting down a new species of endangered species .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in swansea .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the use of mobile phones in the uk .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 50th anniversary of the battle of the 20th century .
cornwall secured their first win of the season with a searle victory over cornwall at the oval .
barcelona have agreed a deal to sign dani alves and dani alves from barcelona .
the uk 's largest oil refinery , the suez , has been found in the north sea .
john mcginn has urged his hibernian players to be ` ` frustrated '' by the end of the season .
a conservative mp has been elected as the new conservative candidate for dorset and dorset .
in the aftermath of the uk 's vote to leave the eu , the bbc 's stand richard looks at the implications for the uk 's exit from the european union .
nottingham forest owner stan collymore has announced he is to step down as chairman of nottingham forest .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has been destroyed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in mosul , the city of mosul has said .
padraig amond scored his first goal of the season as grimsby beat grimsby to move up to third in the league two table .
surrey made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a left - hander victory over surrey at the oval .
the us has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about a us missile strike on a us military base in north korea .
manchester city defender vincent kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a council 's decision to ban water on the river thames is to be lifted .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill praised his side 's defensive performance after their 1 - 0 defeat by northern ireland in the first leg of their euro 2016 qualifier .
the authorities in malaysia say they have arrested a man suspected of being involved in a massive corruption scandal in malaysia .
one of the world 's most famous artists , mozart mozart , has been named as one of the most influential artists in the world .
police investigating the disappearance of schoolgirl moira mccord in lanarkshire say they have made a fresh appeal for information .
welsh cyclist owain doull has become the first welsh cyclist to win a medal at the world championships in london .
astronomers have discovered what they say is the world 's largest solar system .
at least 20 people have been killed in a stampede at a hindu festival in the indian capital , delhi , officials say .
the un 's special envoy to syria , de de mistura , has said he will not attend a peace talks in syria .
barnsley have paid tribute to former barnsley captain norman rimmington , who has died at the age of 72 .
the number of scottish towns in scotland has fallen for the third year in a row , according to a study .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a stabbing at a hotel in west belfast .
the liberal democrats have clashed with the liberal democrats in the house of lords in the house of lords .
the republic of ireland 's main opposition party , martin martin , has resigned .
more than half of the uk 's population could be at risk of extinction , according to a new study .
north korea has test - fired a ballistic missile , the un 's nuclear agency has said .
a man who was jailed for trying to travel to syria to fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been jailed for three years .
mps have backed calls for a debate on whether donald trump should be allowed to vote in the uk referendum .
a crocodile crocodile has been found in the boot of a crocodile in australia , police say .
the number of suicides in prisons in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in the last year , a report says .
the number of patients being referred to nhs boards in scotland has more than doubled in the last year , according to new figures .
scotland women 's coach gemma fay says she is ready to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
africa has become the latest african country in africa to protect the country 's internet services .
a teacher has been banned from teaching for two years after being found guilty of misconduct .
two men have appeared in court in belfast accused of being involved in the murder of a county tyrone man last year .
the world 's most famous planet earth has arrived in the indian ocean .
a new exhibition has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of jon artist jon schueler .
` ` it 's one of the biggest challenges in the world , '' says zoe murphy , the former head of the uk 's biggest gym chains .
former prime minister lord heseltine has told the bbc that the uk should be the next president of the uk .
wales coach warren gatland says his side are capable of beating australia in the world cup final .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited kensington palace to mark the queen 's 89th birthday .
scunthorpe 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held at home by scunthorpe .
the eu has banned the list of list of eu citizens who have been banned from entering the eu , the bbc has learned .
a play play in leicester cathedral is to be turned into a cathedral in leicester .
swansea city boss paul clement says striker fernando llorente is the best player in the world .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire and warwickshire seam bowler josh poysden on a two - year contract .
the parents of a teenage girl who died after being hit by a car in leicestershire have said they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
the number of inmates in england and wales in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in four years , figures show .
sweden 's foreign minister mr gustafsson has been released by the country 's foreign minister , gustafsson gustafsson .
plans to cut the number of people in wales will be cut by the welsh government , plaid cymru has said .
scientists at cardiff university have said they are ` ` extremely concerned '' about the potential effects of brain damage .
a teenager who was shot dead by police in ferguson , missouri , has been shot dead by police .
tensions between georgia and georgia have been removed from a border crossing with georgia , the country 's foreign ministry has said .
british number one heather watson reached the second round of the us open with a straight - set win over svetlana kuznetsova .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died after being hit by a car .
actress winstone winstone has been announced as the new actress of itv , the bbc has announced .
a survivor of a plane that crashed in colombia on sunday has told the bbc that a plane carrying the crew of a plane that crashed in the southern city of manaus was caused by a plane .
the uk 's exports rose by more than expected in the first quarter of the year , according to industry figures .
all photographs by ian ian .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on tuesday as oil prices fell sharply .
a south african court has ordered the trial of a former south african police chief , brenda wardle , who has been charged with fraud .
australia 's immigration minister has called for an investigation into the detention of asylum seekers at a detention centre in papua new guinea .
hollywood actor tom hanks is to star in a new film about his role in the film adaptation of the late british tv series .
cardiff city missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by burton .
a man has died after being struck by a car in edinburgh .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in liverpool .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in swansea .
a dog has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in north yorkshire .
it was one of the most influential doonhamers in the history of south west scotland .
england captain alastair cook said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's group - stage display against bangladesh in the first test in chittagong .
a former labour councillor has been suspended from the public after being investigated over allegations of fraud .
a firearms dealer has been jailed for possessing a gun and ammunition at a house in herefordshire .
the number of syrian refugees arriving in scotland has reached a record high , the organisation has said .
chancellor george osborne is to meet chancellor george osborne 's plans for the uk to remain in the european union .
britain 's chris froome won the second stage of the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
it 's one of the most hotly anticipated stories of the year .
a fire at a derelict building in newport is being investigated by police .
one of the most spectacular space missions ever seen in the earth has returned to earth .
virgin media has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of virgin media sites are shut down .
great britain 's chloe tutton won olympic gold in the men 's 200 m freestyle at the world championships in london .
a new exercise exercise exercise exercise in south london has been launched .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing lower .
a man has been found guilty of assaulting a woman who was stabbed to death at her home .
a man has been jailed for five years for sexually assaulting a boy in a sex act .
two police officers have been disciplined after a police officer was shot in the back of a car in liverpool .
a german man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man in the german city of cologne .
wales manager chris coleman has retired from football .
the decision on whether to build a new nuclear power station in china has been delayed .
an animal charity has launched an appeal to help save the life of a baby born in australia .
star wars actor nyong nyong is to star in a new film at the white house in los angeles .
three teenagers have been taken to hospital after taking part in the first round of the women 's world cup .
the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio is to be investigated by the irish government .
the project to build a new queensferry crossing in dumfries and galloway is to be delayed , according to the scottish government .
more than half of parents in the uk are worried about their mobile phones , a survey suggests .
the soviet union , the soviet republic , has become the first country in europe to become the next president of the soviet union .
cecil the lion , cecil the lion in zimbabwe , has been shot dead by poachers in the us state of south africa .
kenya 's opposition leader raila odinga has lost his appeal against extradition from the country 's supreme court .
the liberal democrats have called for an end to the death penalty on the issue of the death penalty .
britain 's laura muir has become the first british woman to win the british indoor car championships .
o2 , the uk 's biggest mobile phone provider , has announced plans to sell the uk mobile mobile mobile phone networks .
pop star danny collins has been left out of the uk after being hit by a train at a concert in west london .
the uk has been fined # 130,000 m by the financial conduct authority -lrb- ppi -rrb- over the use of the uk 's data protection rules .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the bank of england 's central bank , the bank of england and the bank of england .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has urged his players to be ` ` clean '' in their europa league qualifier against apollon limassol .
chester 's hopes of reaching the national league play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw at chester .
plans to cut the number of bus projects in wales have been announced by the welsh government .
the white house has been sworn in as president of the white house , the white house has announced .
eastleigh have signed striker cole cole from national league side eastleigh for an undisclosed fee .
un peacekeepers in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- are being investigated over allegations of sexual abuse by peacekeepers in the central african republic .
manchester united striker wayne rooney has joined manchester united on loan for the rest of the season .
teaching unions in northern ireland have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay .
a woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting a woman in bristol has had her appeal against her conviction .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of illegal immigration offences , the bbc has learned .
italy 's highest court has upheld the 16-year jail sentence given to former british student raffaele kercher .
a us soldier who was killed by a taliban in afghanistan has been named as sergeant surrounded outpost .
the department of health -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans for a new development for guernsey 's island of guernsey .
the number of nursing beds in england has risen by more than a third in the past year , new figures show .
the uk 's biggest energy supplier , the co - operative energy regulator , has apologised for failing to compensate customers who were overcharged .
the world 's largest weir structure has been found in a field in devon .
the number of people working in the uk 's rail network has risen by more than a third in the past five years , a bbc investigation has found .
real madrid have been fined by spanish football association -lrb- spanish -rrb- for failing to transfer players from fifa .
an inquest into the death of a boy who was found dead at a school in bradford is being investigated by a coroner .
one of the most famous sceptics in the world has been set up in the italian capital , rome .
the leader of cornwall council has said it is ` ` very disappointed '' by the number of candidates to stand in the general election .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in paisley .
poland 's ambassador to poland has apologised for comments he made about poland during world war two .
it 's been a year since the end of the new year .
the new zealand rugby union -lrb- agreement -rrb- has agreed a deal to buy a new zealand rugby centre .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in sheffield .
a spanish footballer has been arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking .
the uk government has agreed to reduce the number of migrant workers living in the uk , the government has announced .
more than 100 people have been killed in a fire on a beach in the italian city of italy .
the archbishop of canterbury has announced that the easter sunday will be the first in the uk to be allowed to leave the european union .
partick thistle have signed steven lawless from partick thistle for an undisclosed fee .
team sky rider geraint rowe has become the first british rider to win the tour de france .
one of the uk 's most popular tv sites , kroenke kroenke , is being investigated by the company 's chairman , kroenke kroenke .
doncaster climbed to the top of league two with victory over fellow strugglers stevenage .
rory best has been named as the new ireland captain for the 2017 world cup .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
gillingham manager paul scally says the club 's promotion to the premier league would be a ` ` disaster '' for the club .
more needs to be done to tackle the problem of bullying , the children 's commissioner for wales has said .
league two side stevenage have signed cambridge united midfielder michael keane on loan until the end of the season .
scunthorpe united manager graeme swann says his side are capable of winning the league one play - offs .
the number of mountain rescue teams in wales has risen to its lowest level in more than two years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the links to the british government .
us singer - songwriter jimmy cash has revealed he is releasing a new album of his career .
boris johnson has told the bbc that the uk should be able to deal with the uk leaving the european union .
hearts have signed 28-year - old hearts from dutch side head hearts for an undisclosed fee .
tim peake is one of the most successful astronaut astronaut of the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
great britain missed out on a place in the quarter - finals of the world rugby sevens championships in south korea .
a british man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle drugs into the united arab emirates .
in our series of letters from african journalists , tv presenter david cameron spoke to the bbc about the future of fibre broadband .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a suspicious device was found at a railway station .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the size of co2 in the arctic .
one of the world 's biggest trade firms has warned that the uk 's decision to leave the european union could be ` ` disastrous '' .
customers in the uk 's biggest energy suppliers are being urged to check their bills for their bills .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in powys .
the fashion designer , hadid hadid , has said she has ` ` no regrets '' after being criticised by the fashion designer , fashion hadid .
former liverpool boss brian o'driscoll has been appointed as the new manager of championship side liverpool .
raith rovers moved up to second place in the scottish championship with a comfortable win over ayr united .
fifty shades of grey have been nominated for the golden globes at this year 's golden globes awards .
the supreme court has ruled that the government 's decision to abolish the number of women in england and wales has been rejected .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested in londonderry on suspicion of attempted murder .
former british sprinter denis fearon , who has died at the age of 58 , has died at the age of 58 .
an mp who claims she was sexually assaulted by an mp has claimed she was ` ` falsely '' by an mp , an employment tribunal has heard .
scottish whisky tycoon matt prior has announced plans to build a new whisky distillery in the borders .
republican presidential candidate marco rubio has been sworn in as donald trump 's presidential candidate for the republican presidential nomination .
welsh singer 31-year - old 31-year - old has died after being hit by a car at a concert in cardiff .
in the longford area of matt , a small town in the republic of ireland is one of the world 's most densely populated towns .
an independent review has been launched into the handling of a review into the use of mesh implants .
a woman who had a heart transplant after being diagnosed with heart disease has had a heart transplant , her mother has said .
wales ' hopes of qualifying for the 2017 world cup suffered a blow as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by wales in cardiff .
all photographs by tim peake .
at least two people have been killed in an attack on a drone strike in north - western pakistan , officials say .
teachers in england are being warned that they will not be able to pay staff in england and wales , in a dispute over pay .
manager mark mcghee has warned scotland 's players can not afford to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
england manager roy hodgson says england striker andy carroll will be out for the rest of the season .
deaf students are to be given special support for deaf students in england .
la la la la la la la land -lrb- martha -rrb- has been criticised for not correcting the oscars .
a german court has sentenced two men to life in connection with a series of attacks in the german city of cologne .
london underground ticket offices are to go on strike in a row over ticket ticket closures .
the chief executive of the hotels of hotels -lrb- lcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the expansion of the hotels .
more than a third of voters in the uk are elected in the general election , a survey has suggested .
the prime minister has called on the prime minister to publish an inquiry into the grenfell tower fire inquiry .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the future of the labour party .
the nobel peace prize winner malala yousafzai has told the bbc she is ` ` devastated '' by the un 's boko haram islamist insurgency .
a man has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of the attempted murder of a woman in the netherlands .
the world 's climate change is likely to rise by more than a third in the world , according to new research .
a new tram line in nottingham has been delayed for the second time in a year .
chancellor george osborne has accused the government of ` ` dithering '' over the government 's spending cuts .
a woman accused of sexually abusing girls in rotherham has told a court she did not believe she had been raped , a court has heard .
new zealand captain alastair cook made his first century of the season to help his side earn a first - innings lead against division two leaders essex .
residents of a town in the western iran town of lieutenant say they have been forced to flee their homes in the town .
us president barack obama has named former fbi director james comey as their new director .
the republic of ireland 's attorney general has rejected a legal challenge to the court of arbitration for a second time in the republic of ireland .
britain 's eilish mccolgan won olympic gold in the men 's 400 m hurdles at the rio olympics .
david cameron and jeremy corbyn have clashed over tax avoidance and tax avoidance in the wake of last week 's budget .
st peter 's bessbrook beat st mary 's magherafelt to beat st mary 's magherafelt in the all - ireland challenge cup final .
firefighters have been dealing with a large gorse fire in the highlands .
a man who admitted possessing and distributing indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years .
the former head of the irish bank , paul o'brien , has told the high court he is ` ` not a good thing '' .
the number of council tax bills in england has risen by 5 % in the past year , official figures show .
the number of people visiting the uk in the uk has fallen by more than a third in the past three years , according to a new survey .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in county donegal .
newtonmore 's lovat cup hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by lovat in the scottish cup quarter - finals .
police investigating the disappearance of a teenager in suffolk have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to .
the afghan military has carried out a series of operations in helmand province in helmand province , the afghan military says .
a man who admitted filming a train at edinburgh railway station has been jailed for six months .
first minister peter robinson has said the renewable heat incentive scheme -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme was ` ` advises '' .
forfar athletic maintained their seven - point lead at the top of scottish league two with victory over montrose .
a student has been cleared of raping a student at a university in staffordshire .
great britain 's jessica ennis - hill missed out on a medal at the rio olympics , finishing third at the world championships in london .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about president donald trump 's tax affairs .
babies in the uk are more likely to be born in the uk , according to a new study .
one of the most famous stars in the world has died at the age of 82 .
the head of the hillsborough inquests into the hillsborough disaster has told a jury he did not know how he was the victim of the hillsborough disaster .
a man who died in a plane crash in west sussex has been named by police .
hms illustrious is to be withdrawn from the royal navy 's new aircraft carriers , it has been announced .
liverpool city council is facing a ` ` legal budget '' , the city council has said .
reading have signed reading defender 24 rakels on loan until the end of the season .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west belfast .
thousands of soldiers have taken part in a series of events to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
plans for a new traffic park in reading have been approved by the council .
tyrrell hatton is the most successful golfer in the world , according to former englishman ricky hatton .
two women have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in dorset .
the university of cambridge has become the first uk university to announce a new degree .
a grade ii listed mill in west yorkshire has been put up for sale .
wigan warriors prop andy flower has been banned for four games after failing a drugs test .
the owner of red bull has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of red bull 's engine engines .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has been charged by the football association for allegedly abusing a referee .
dunfermline athletic maintained their seven - point lead at the top of the championship with victory over ayr united .
the head of the world food prize , dr dr dr adesina adesina , has won the prestigious nobel prize for literature .
a hotel owner has been fined # 2,000 after a man was crushed to death while on holiday in cornwall .
the judge in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in belfast has lost his appeal against his conviction .
the body of a teenager has been recovered from the river ness in inverness .
she she has revealed she is expecting a new album about her new album , 's .
pulitzer prize - winning author frank adichie has won the baileys women 's prize for fiction .
chelsea manager antonio conte has been named premier league player of the year award for the first time .
prue leith has been announced as the new judge of bbc radio 4 's great british bake off .
a dispute has broken out over plans to close a former mosque in dudley .
rafael nadal has been banned from all sport for two years after he was found guilty of doping .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the welfare of a child sex grooming scam in kent .
a court in chile has sentenced the former president of the chilean capital , santiago 1961 , to 15 years in prison .
it 's one of the most memorable moments of the year .
at least six people have died after a bridge bridge bridge in the south indian city of south , officials say .
preston north end were held to a goalless draw by preston north end at deepdale .
gcse exams in england 's gcse exams have been heavily criticised by the exams watchdog , ofqual .
an inquest into the murders of two protestant workmen in county armagh is to be investigated by the coroner .
olympic gold medallist victoria pendleton has announced her retirement from international sport .
23-year - old 23-year - old became the first nigerian woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics as she won the olympic games in rio .
welsh language director fred evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of welsh language .
the trial of a dublin teenager held in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland has been adjourned until the end of the month .
sepp blatter has been elected as the new president of the fifa presidential election .
ghana 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by ghana in the africa cup of nations .
the english football association -lrb- fa -rrb- has called for the fa football association -lrb- fa -rrb- to address the football association 's plans to change the football association .
plans have been submitted to build a new buildings building in cornwall .
amnesty international has accused qatar of failing to improve the country 's migrant crisis .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of teenager becky watts .
hundreds of people have protested in cardiff to protest against plans to close a denbighshire town centre .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the global economy .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a scottish artist who was buried in a highland park .
a law banning the killing of a fox hunting in cheshire is being investigated by the crown prosecution service .
fashion retailer h&m has announced that it is ending its fashion brand as part of a new fashion brand .
one of the world 's most famous sailors , for harold , has died at the age of 97 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the most colourful films in africa .
the met office has issued a warning of warning about the impact of storm abigail in parts of scotland .
valencia came from behind to beat valencia and reach the spanish league cup quarter - finals .
the centenary of the 1916 easter rising has been sold at auction in dublin .
karl robinson 's first game in charge of charlton athletic ended in defeat as they were beaten at home by charlton .
a national portrait of the national portrait of the national portrait of the national heritage fund -lrb- resources -rrb- in west yorkshire has been unveiled .
a concert in gloucester has been described as ` ` one of the most extraordinary moments '' of his career .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found at a bus station .
a report into the shoreham air crash that killed 11 people in glasgow last year has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' for the tragedy .
former world number one luke donald has become the first british man to win the british open at wentworth .
the scottish parliament has voted to legalise same - sex marriage .
iraq 's prime minister haider al - abadi has announced a radical overhaul of the country 's government .
great britain 's women missed out on a place in the semi - finals of the women 's world cup with a 2 - 1 win over argentina .
as the result of the eu referendum , the result of the european union , germany and the european union are on the verge of winning the european union .
james robson and nick robson both scored centuries as yorkshire took control against yorkshire at lord 's .
roma have been banned from the champions league for a second time after being found guilty of racially abusing ac milan .
rani , rani , rani , rani , like , rani , like , like , like , 20 rani .
a police officer has been shot dead by police in the us state of minnesota , police say .
jockey rory best became the first british jockey to win a gold medal at the cheltenham festival .
hollywood actress angelina jolie has been honoured with a film at the cannes film festival .
the bbc has been accused of being a ` ` second - class '' for the bbc in a row over the role of the bbc .
the annual loopallu music festival is to be held on the isle of man , the organisers have announced .
the number of people working in the uk has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a survey .
three men have been charged with rape and rape offences .
the welsh assembly 's new leader has said he will not stand in the welsh assembly election .
former us secretary of state john kerry has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about donald trump 's ` ` wow '' and ` ` interested '' .
the father of a man who died after he was hit by a car has called for tougher sentences for justice .
defending champion rafael nadal was knocked out of the french open with a straight - set win over spain 's roberto bautista agut .
the wife of a woman killed in the manchester arena attack has said she is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
celtic moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over rangers at ibrox .
britain 's boxing world title fight against wladimir klitschko is one of the biggest names in british sporting history .
at least 35 people have been killed in a earthquake in the eastern indian city of 7.8 , officials say .
kumar sangakkara 's maiden first - class century led surrey to a sangakkara win over surrey at the oval .
algeria have signed algeria striker benzia benzia from algeria for an undisclosed fee .
football association chief executive michael o'leary has been sacked by the football association .
the head teachers ' union has backed plans to introduce tougher punishments for teachers in england and wales .
cornwall head coach graham dawe says the rugby football union 's final of the rugby world cup will be a ` ` disaster '' .
guernsey fc have agreed a deal to sign guernsey fc and guernsey fc for the 2017 - 18 season .
labour mp jo cox has been shot dead in the house of commons .
ross county moved back to the top of the scottish premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle .
two brothers who tortured a teenage boy to death in a ` ` brutal '' attack in sheffield have been jailed .
at least 36 people have been killed in a train crash in india 's northern uttar pradesh state , police say .
the republic of ireland 's republic of ireland has been battered by storm desmond , the republic of ireland and the republic of ireland .
greek shares have fallen after greece voted to leave the european union .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss steve bruce as their new manager .
a man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two girls at a mosque in cardiff .
the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- has warned that the uk 's budget will not be worse than expected .
more than a third of cancer vaccines in the uk are infected with cancer , research suggests .
an 18th century building in durham has been given the go - ahead by the university of durham .
electric car maker tesla has reported a 25 % rise in profits for the first half of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was stabbed to death in cardiff .
a council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the council 's report into the closure of the isle of wight council .
two men have appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a man in county armagh .
the father of prince william has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the death of a minnesota man who died in a minnesota accident .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the attacks in burkina faso .
a man has died after being shot by police in hull , police have said .
south korean tech giant huawei has filed a lawsuit against the firm 's technology firm huawei .
the bbc 's director of newsnight , jeremy corbyn , has died at the age of 89 .
a 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in south - east london .
manchester united 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester united at old trafford .
aberdeen have made their second signing of the summer by agreeing a deal to sign striker stevie may .
the company behind a coal - fired plant in merthyr tydfil has announced it will close its plant at the end of the year .
chelsea ladies have signed south africa international lindahl lindahl on a two - year deal .
in the republic of ireland , the republic of ireland 's main political party , the republic of ireland 's new irish parliament , is one of the most important people in the republic of ireland .
a hospital has been taken to hospital after being hit by a computer game at a hospital in stoke .
actor peter capaldi has been named as the new star of bbc sci - fi series doctor who .
a man has died after falling from a river in the river thames .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in glasgow city centre .
parents have been using your questions to ask us what they want to know about the west midlands .
ricky burns beat ricky burns in the first round of the us open with a unanimous points victory over julius indongo .
a student has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found at a university campus .
a man in the democratic republic of congo has been convicted of murdering a 12-year - old boy in the democratic republic of congo .
the russian military says it has shot down a russian warplane in the syrian border , killing at least 11 people , russian officials say .
if you want to know what 's going to happen in the uk , it will be a big week for the uk 's aviation industry .
sheffield united came from behind to beat sheffield united and go top of league one .
the archbishop of canterbury has called for ` ` vigilance '' in the wake of friday 's terror attacks in brussels .
plans to open a mcdonald 's restaurant in mcdonald 's centre have been rejected by the high court .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has declared the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he is ` ` very happy '' to succeed arsene wenger as england manager .
a report into the death of a foster baby in pembrokeshire has been criticised by an independent report .
stoke city have signed choupo - moting midfielder eric choupo - moting on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
fifa president sepp blatter has defended the decision to impose a ban on football 's world governing body fifa .
england 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of euro 2017 suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by england in the shebelieves cup .
champions bayern munich reached the quarter - finals of the champions league for the first time with a 2 - 0 win over bate borisov .
a judge has ruled that a judge in northern ireland is facing legal action over the case of a gay man in belfast .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft after a woman was dragged into a supermarket in manchester .
actress carrie fisher , who was seriously injured in a plane crash in los angeles , has died .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has pledged to cut the amount of income tax in england and wales if they win the election .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in singapore to mark the first anniversary of her death in singapore .
a security alert has been found at the site of a security alert in larne , county antrim .
the number of inmates in england and wales has deteriorated in the past year , inspectors have said .
the sydney earthquake has been lit up for the first time in more than 30 years .
an investigation is under way after a strain of bird flu was found at a farm in lincolnshire .
sri lanka 's national museum has welcomed the creation of a new national museum in the western state of assam .
google has released the first version of its android operating system .
a man has been charged with manslaughter after a man was killed in a park brawl in the us state of utah .
two men have been found guilty of trying to dump waste from a landfill site in county antrim .
more than a third of people in scotland have been given the freedom of work , according to new figures .
nigeria striker 20-year - old egbuchulam has been named in nigeria 's squad for the africa cup of nations .
a petition calling for fireworks fireworks to be banned from fireworks in fireworks has been backed by mps .
the 2017 european champions cup will be held in edinburgh this weekend .
dundee - based alliance alliance alliance has reported a 10 % rise in annual pre - tax profits to # september .
french police say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a series of attacks on the paris attacks .
one of the most prominent men in the philippines has been charged with murder in the capital , manila .
the search for survivors of a helicopter crash off the coast of mayo in the republic of ireland has been called off .
a us student has been charged with the manslaughter of a student who was attacked by a us student in the us state of pennsylvania .
a hospital trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of stafford hospital .
a pembrokeshire swimming pool has been put up for sale .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that china 's currency is ` ` not good enough '' .
league two side colchester united have signed plymouth argyle midfielder nicky nelson on loan until the end of the season .
bristol have parted company with head coach eddie robinson .
a learner driver has been found in a car in norfolk , police have said .
a man accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in west sussex has been found guilty of murder .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
didier drogba says he wants to stay at the club if he is to play at the end of the season .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has called for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the republic of ireland .
republic of ireland boss martin o'neill praised his side 's defensive performance as they beat republic of ireland in their euro 2016 qualifier .
afc fylde have signed midfielder simon weston on a two - year deal after his release by southend united .
rail passengers were left frustrated after a train hit a railway line in south west london .
more than half of the brain scans in the uk could be at risk of developing alzheimer 's disease , a study suggests .
diageo , the world 's biggest distiller , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
a teenager has been jailed for four years for the ` ` wicked '' attack on a teenage girl in hull .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about president barack obama 's claim that us president barack obama was a ` ` spy '' .
ciara mageean missed out on a place in the men 's 100 m final at the european cross championships in belgrade .
there has been a decline in the number of fish being spotted in norfolk , the environment agency has said .
brazil 's brazilian grand prix is one of the world 's most famous sporting superstars .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in bedfordshire .
the wife of a county tyrone man who was diagnosed with a brain tumour has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by his wife 's life .
us defence secretary sir michael fallon has called on nato leaders to ` ` maintain their game '' over the next five years .
the welsh parliament has called on the welsh government to change its name on the welsh parliament .
voters in germany are going to the polls on sunday for the first time since the general election .
a holiday hotel in aberdeen has been sold at auction for # hotels .
plans to build a rail station in the east midlands have been revealed by the government .
jeremy corbyn has accused jeremy corbyn of being ` ` betray '' in the labour leadership contest .
the chief executive of japanese electronics firm 10 pm takahashi has resigned .
ian bell has been named as the new coach of the england and wales cricket board .
researchers in suffolk have issued a warning about the dangers of ` ` skin hunters '' .
arriva trains across wales are to be balloted for strike action in a row over pay and conditions .
neil gray 's late goal gave burnley victory over burnley at the top of the championship to 10 points .
northern ireland rowers joel cassells and holly chambers have been named in the great britain team for the european championships .
a man accused of murdering his sister - in - law has told a court she was murdered by her father 's body , a court has heard .
a former footballer who claims he was sexually abused by football manager sir clive ferguson has said he was sexually abused by the football association .
the vatican has confirmed that a new ambassador to the vatican has been rejected by the french government .
nhs england is facing an uncertain future of gp practices , the bbc has learned .
wales manager chris coleman says the euro 2016 quarter - final against england at euro 2016 will be a ` ` must - win game '' .
guy martin will miss the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt next month .
burnley have signed striker jon walters from premier league rivals burnley for an undisclosed fee .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc women 's footballer of the year award has been announced .
the queen has presented the queen to celebrate her 90th birthday to celebrate the queen 's 90th birthday .
this week , the uk 's biggest retail retailer , james bond , is on the verge of a new chapter in retail sales .
a man has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
alzheimer 's disease may be linked to alzheimer 's disease , according to researchers in japan .
the family of anni dewani , who was killed in a car crash in south africa , have been granted bail .
a doctor has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of assaulting a doctor .
a woman who suffered severe brain injuries at a county antrim hospital has been awarded # antrim in damages .
lewis hamilton beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to pole position at the canadian grand prix .
public toilets in wales should be given access to toilet toilets , the local government association -lrb- lining -rrb- has said .
a police officer has been given a life sentence after being found guilty of the attempted murder of a police officer .
a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of misconduct over the death of a man at a police station in essex .
a new training plan for northern ireland 's first training training training centre in northern ireland has been unveiled .
a campaign has been launched to save a hospital 's maternity unit in oxfordshire .
former us president donald trump and former prime minister silvio berlusconi have told the bbc that he will not be the next president of the country .
northern ireland 's first minister has said he is ` ` very confident '' about the progress of the northern ireland executive .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a londonderry woman who died during a funeral in londonderry .
scientists say they have discovered the earliest dna of dna from ancient eastern europe .
an unexploded world war two bomb found on a beach in county durham has been found .
the son of a six - year - old boy who died in the manchester terror attack has been reunited with his father .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the links between the us and the united states .
england 's danny willett won the masters at augusta to win the masters at augusta .
the m4 relief road on the m4 in south wales is about to start .
west indies produced a superb display to beat west indies by five wickets in the opening of the women 's world twenty20 .
a hospital in edinburgh has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
ospreys ' hopes of reaching the pro12 play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a draw at newport gwent dragons .
two indian police officers have been charged with murder in connection with the killing of a sikh man in the indian capital , delhi .
tributes have been paid to legendary wrestling legend wrestling wwe , who has died at the age of 83 .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in devon .
celtic beat dundee united to reach the scottish cup semi - finals .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is launching a series of measures aimed at tackling extremism and radicalisation .
the head of the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- , lord coe , has defended the decision to award the world athletics federation -lrb- wada -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for six years for a string of sex offences against a young woman .
the syrian government says it has carried out a series of air strikes in the syrian city of aleppo .
the shortlist for this year 's shortlist for the 2016 man booker prize has been announced .
a police officer has been arrested after footage emerged showing a police officer in jerusalem 's west end to the middle east .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who died after being attacked by a dog in cardiff have won a legal challenge to the family 's lawyers .
the uk 's nuclear regulator has called for a review of the safety of nuclear power in the uk .
plans to close a closure care home in ceredigion have been given the go - ahead by the council .
pope francis has called for the introduction of abortion in the catholic church .
teachers at a school in north wales have been fined # 75,000 for failing to properly pay .
the bbc 's creative director , ellen white , has been named as the new artistic director of the arts council .
dog walkers in berkshire have been banned from using dog poo for the first time in more than two years .
the investigation into the alleged abuse of undercover police officers in england and wales has been revealed by the bbc .
boeing has announced a new design for the first time in more than two years .
construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of dundee 's construction project has been given the go - ahead .
royal bank of scotland has closed a new branch of branches in the wake of the bank 's closure .
egypt 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by egypt in the africa cup of nations .
brazil coach luiz felipe scolari has resigned as coach of the brazilian women 's football team .
scotland 's most famous man , gordon gordon , has been diagnosed with motor neurone disease .
exeter maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a bonus - point win over exeter .
the company behind the # 1bn m4 relief rail line in wales is to launch a # 1bn deal with the welsh government .
jeremy corbyn has become the first mp in the uk to be a member of parliament .
a former metropolitan police officer has been cleared of a string of sex offences against a police officer .
london 's new bridge bridge will be built in london , the city council has said .
the us economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year , the country 's economic growth authority has said .
a new # 22.5 m college campus in coventry has been officially opened .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham on the greek island of kos say they have made a fresh appeal for information .
the uk 's financial services authority -lrb- pwc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very difficult '' for the uk to stay in the european union .
sale sharks scrum - half mike phillips has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
a german university student who was born in germany for more than a decade has died at the age of 86 .
the owner of the new york times has been accused of ` ` warning '' and ` ` vulnerability '' by the security regulator .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year - old girl in birmingham .
firefighters in england and wales are to be balloted for strike action in a dispute over pensions .
petrochemical firm ineos has announced plans to build a new nuclear power plant in north lanarkshire .
world number one novak djokovic reached the second round of the french open with a straight - set victory over croatia 's andrey kuznetsov .
airbus chief executive sir kahn kahn has warned that the uk would be ` ` foolish '' if the uk votes to leave the european union .
the liberal democrats could win the election if the party wins the general election , a labour mp has said .
health secretary jeremy hunt has called on the government to improve the quality of nhs safety in england and wales .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
maria sharapova 's return to the top of the australian open ended in a five - set defeat at the australian open .
st mirren have signed striker ryan thomas on a two - year deal following his release by st mirren .
lego has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the ` ` grandparents '' of its daily mail .
gillingham have parted company with manager neil taylor following their relegation to league one .
at least two people have been killed in an explosion in the syrian city of aleppo , the government says .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has urged venezuelan president nicolas maduro to step down as president of the country .
the husband of a british man killed in the tunisia terror attack has spoken of his shock at his death .
the duke of edinburgh is the duke of edinburgh , the duke of edinburgh has announced .
as sierra leone began their journey from sierra leone to sierra leone , bbc news looks at some of the key reasons for sierra leone .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the world number one ranking with a comfortable win over canada 's david goffin .
wigan athletic have signed wigan striker daryl powell on loan until the end of the season .
guernsey 's national advertising agency -lrb- deputy -rrb- has been fined # heidi by the department for education .
a court in argentina has ruled that lionel messi and his son have gone on trial accused of tax evasion .
kenya 's africa cup of nations qualifier against tanzania has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
if you want to think about the impact of same - sex marriage in australia , they would be forgiven for thinking they would be able to get married .
mark cavendish became the first british rider to win the tour de france title with victory in the opening race of the track cycling world championships .
it 's been a busy year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
police in australia have arrested three young women from joining islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
asian markets have risen after the bank of japan decided to raise interest rates for the first time in more than two years .
one of the uk 's busiest stores is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
former newcastle united boss steve mcclaren says he is ` ` very concerned '' about rafael benitez 's decision to leave newcastle united .
a dog has died after being bitten by a dog in essex .
a man has died after being hit by a car in conwy county .
the pound has fallen to the lowest level since the 2008 vote to leave the european union .
qatar is the world 's richest nation , according to qatar 's foreign minister , al - attiya al - attiya .
the us federal appeals court has upheld a video of hulk hogan 's wife , hulk hogan , to pay $ damage -lrb- Â # damage -rrb- .
scientists say they have developed a standard model of particle physics .
it 's been a big year for the world 's biggest tech industry .
the wreck of a ship which sank off the dutch coast of the netherlands has been uncovered .
a man has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus .
a teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year - old paige doherty .
tributes have been paid to actor and actor sean o'brien , who has died at the age of 93 .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in swindon .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury says he wants to compete at the world boxing championships in las vegas .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was found dead at his home in washington dc .
derby county are one of the premier league 's top four leagues , but they are still searching for their first win of the season .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is ` ` confident '' about the uk 's membership of the eu .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in greater manchester after the collapse of a major clean - up operation .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
german police have launched a criminal investigation into the diesel emissions scandal in germany .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of illegal illegal activity in the republic of ireland .
a mental health unit in hartlepool will not be allowed to run for the first time in its history , it has been claimed .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to close one of the uk 's largest military sites in the town .
the european commission has approved a package of measures to tackle eu milk payments .
cornish pirates coach gavin cattle says his side 's poor start to the season was a ` ` nightmare '' .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been charged by the football association for failing to reach the champions league quarter - finals .
women 's super league one leaders birmingham city were held to a draw by birmingham city ladies .
at least 13 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a bus in the kenyan capital , nairobi , officials say .
plans for a village village in north yorkshire have been rejected by the county council .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key questions on iran 's nuclear programme .
lock jake ball has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
alloa athletic manager jim goodwin says he has no regrets about retiring from the club .
denmark 's hopes of reaching the women 's euro 2017 quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were knocked out of the women 's euro 2017 finals .
at least 19 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a powerful earthquake swept through the south pacific city of christchurch , officials say .
iraq says it has carried out a series of attacks on so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq .
belgium will host belgium 's davis cup semi - final against belgium on friday , the country 's governing body has said .
a man has been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle drugs from the uk 's biggest drugs manufacturer .
lewis hamilton says he will be ` ` proud '' to win the british grand prix if he is to win the british grand prix .
police in norway say they have arrested a man in connection with a deadly attack on a island in the island of norway .
the family of a welsh student who died in a crash in rhondda cynon taff have paid tribute to him .
the 75th anniversary of the sinking of the titanic has taken place in the south west of england .
glaswegian teenager connor connor has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the moment he was gay .
the bbc has released a comment on channel 4 's new tv channel about the news of the tv show .
former wales captain martyn williams has signed a contract extension to keep him at ospreys until 2019 .
police in malaysia say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a woman in malaysia .
french militant group islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , one of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group , has been killed in an attack on his home in paris .
it 's been a turbulent year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
the israeli government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the use of the site of the holy site in jerusalem .
the european commission has been fined $ were m -lrb- # commission m -rrb- by the european commission of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- .
the eu referendum campaign has been launched in switzerland , switzerland , libya , libya , libya , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria , bulgaria and italy .
an investigation into the deaths of six men who drowned in the sea off the coast of sussex has been called off .
train services between cardiff and cardiff have been announced by the welsh government .
west brom manager tony pulis said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's goalless draw with west brom .
a group of islamic state militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , the group has said .
a man has pleaded guilty to trying to carry out a terrorist attack in east london .
league two side mansfield town have signed striker nathan taylor from league two rivals cambridge united for an undisclosed fee .
president barack obama 's new president , michelle obama , has been named as the new president of the united states .
scientists say they have found the genetic code of dna and dna from dna science .
a group of british rowers have broken the world record for the first time in more than two years .
one of india 's most famous actors , excitement excitement , is to be released in india for the first time in more than 30 years .
williams test driver susie wolff has announced her retirement from formula 1 .
bristol rovers manager darrell clarke says he wants to stay in the club after the club 's relegation from the league one play - offs .
ipswich town extended their unbeaten run to six games as they were held to a goalless draw by ipswich town .
actress nicole kidman has been named as the winner of the new year 's honours list .
dame sarah storey has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has resigned as president of the united states .
a former rugby player has been charged with the attempted murder of a british rugby player .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in cardiff .
ireland centre robbie henshaw has been ruled out of saturday 's test against australia in dublin on saturday .
the excavation of a 17th century castle in edinburgh has been uncovered by archaeologists .
india 's supreme court has suspended the chief minister of mumbai 's tamil nadu mumbai -lrb- bombay -rrb- , accusing it of interfering with rape .
american basketball league player matter arians has been appointed head coach of the professional footballers ' association .
talks to resolve a long - running dispute between the north sea and the north sea are to go on strike .
a new film has been set up in the us for the first time in more than 50 years .
everton defender ben watson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
chelsea came from behind to beat premier league leaders chelsea in the first round of the fa cup .
the chief executive of wales ' largest health board has been suspended by the welsh government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , stuart broad , stuart broad , stuart broad and stuart broad .
a series of raids has been released to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
a world war two bomb has been removed from portsmouth harbour .
a newborn baby has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being taken to hospital in west belfast .
indian prime minister chand chand has died after a heart attack in the city of chennai .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket .
plans to build a new stand at tynecastle have been approved by the scottish conservatives .
a pilot has been jailed for five years for killing a laser light helicopter on a laser beam in glasgow .
the chief executive of the airline , matthias mueller , has stepped down as chief executive of the airline .
the former head of the international football federation -lrb- seven -rrb- , rafael esquivel , has pleaded guilty to corruption charges .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers nigeria 's decision to leave the country .
scotland is the best place in the uk to have a better role , according to a new study .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the questions about the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
us president donald trump has said he will not step down as president of the us federal reserve .
the number of wild tigers tigers in bangladesh has fallen to its lowest level since records began , officials say .
the mother of a schoolboy who was found dead at celtic 's celtic football club has told the bbc he is ` ` not a game '' .
a teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a taxi in derbyshire .
shrewsbury town maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a goalless draw at shrewsbury .
wearing , wearing , wearing , wearing , wearing , wearing , wearing and 195 .
the family of a seven - year - old boy from northern ireland who went missing in northern ireland have told the bbc he will not be able to save him .
a victim of nottingham tram has apologised after being hit by a tram in nottingham .
as the world cup comes to an end , there is no doubt that the world cup is not enough for the world cup .
one of the world 's most prestigious 76-year - old has been shortlisted for a prize for the turner prize .
thousands of polish men have attended a vigil in poland to mark the 70th anniversary of the polish war .
david cameron has called on the uk government to ratify its plan to set up a resolution on syria 's chemical weapons .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the syrian city of raqqa , activists say .
the number of people living in the uk in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
calls have been made for a report into the death of a woman who died after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
the mother of a woman who died after being struck by a car in bristol has been jailed for life .
glamorgan made a solid start to their one - day cup campaign with a madsen ball victory over derbyshire .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
former leicester tigers head coach stephen baxter says the appointment of head coach eddie jones is a ` ` disgrace '' .
a number of welsh rugby players have been banned from entering the uk , according to the welsh anti - doping association -lrb- ukad -rrb- .
a memorial has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of hastings .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has announced that it will invest $ 2bn -lrb- # 4bn -rrb- of bailout funds to stimulate the country 's banks .
manchester united came from behind to beat manchester united and reach the europa league quarter - finals .
a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a lorry driver on a motorway in hampshire .
welsh secretary alun cairns and welsh secretary alun cairns have called for the uk to leave the european union .
ireland coach garry ringrose has made his first international appearance since the end of his six nations opener against ireland in dublin .
the northern ireland government has agreed a deal with the government to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
the scottish government has called on the scottish government to do more to tackle the number of people working in the uk .
the new york film has apologised for the release of a new film about the film 's forthcoming movies .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the government will win the general election .
plans to cut the number of young people in scotland to be scrapped have been backed by the scottish government .
defending champions surrey moved into the semi - finals of the women 's super league with victory over yorkshire at the oval .
more than 100 jobs are to go at a somerset textile mill in somerset .
two people have been killed in a collision between a train and a train in the belgian capital , brussels .
poland missed the chance to go top of the european championship with a 1 - 0 win over romania in romania .
the pilot of a red arrows pilot who was killed in the shoreham air disaster has been named by the pilot for the first time .
sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa has been charged with corruption , the country 's former president has said .
swansea city council has agreed to buy a controlling stake in swansea city 's ground .
the great british bake off has been announced as the winner of this year 's british arts awards .
australia coach steve modi says he is ` ` very disappointed '' about australia 's performance against australia on saturday .
former super league player pearson pearson says he is looking forward to returning to the premier league for the rest of the season .
a police officer has been attacked by a police officer in manchester , police have said .
the creator of the popular us presidential candidate , groening groening , has said he is worried that the ` ` own '' of the us presidential candidate will be the next us president .
a former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a woman in her car .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in mosul have been destroyed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the city of mosul .
if you want to go to the polls to choose the next president of the world governing body fifa -lrb- boss -rrb- , the bbc 's lamine scala reports .
the scottish liberal democrats have lost a legal challenge against the government 's handling of the election campaign .
the world 's first computer computer is to be created at the university of edinburgh .
bayern munich came from behind to beat bayern munich and reach the semi - finals of the champions league .
sinn féin 's martin mcguinness has told the bbc that sinn féin 's martin mcguinness was the victim of the murder of martin mcguinness .
the government is to introduce a ban on the sale of nitrous oxide , the government has announced .
port vale moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over port vale .
us secretary of state john kerry has met us president barack obama in the capital , mogadishu .
the indian government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the indian government 's decision not to prosecute a filmmaker from the indian state of goa .
captain sam warburton says wales will be ready for the world cup semi - final against new zealand in auckland on saturday .
the university of edinburgh has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of people at the university of edinburgh will be cancelled .
the church of ireland has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the death of a catholic nun at a church in the republic of ireland .
johnny depp and johnny depp have filed legal action against us actor johnny depp for $ 32.5 m -lrb- # 25 m m -rrb- .
great britain 's liam heath and ben schofield won silver medals on the final day of the rio olympics .
a woman accused of causing the death of a cyclist in a crash has told a court he was ` ` not angry '' .
two men have been injured in an armed robbery at a shopping centre in west london .
labour has won the welsh assembly election with a party victory in rhondda cynon taff .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's biggest economies .
a welsh government minister has called for the welsh government to pay compensation to the welsh government .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in melbourne , australia .
the battle of the battle of the battle of hastings has been given the go - ahead by the heritage lottery fund .
when laura kenny and laura trott won the olympic games in rio de janeiro , the bbc 's laura trott examines the achievements of laura trott and laura trott .
a brazilian passenger has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after being hit by a train in cornwall was accidental , an inquest has heard .
two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in a flat in coventry .
a statue of one of the world 's most famous perry , perry perry , has been unveiled .
people in oxfordshire are being asked to sign a new # 1.5 m scheme to ease congestion in oxfordshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was hit by a car in essex .
more than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for the uk to leave the european union .
a dundee university student has launched a new research project that aims to stem the number of people in the uk .
plans to build a new home for northern ireland 's councils have been approved by the irish government .
` ` it 's a good thing , '' says john scotland , the former head of the new zealand rugby union -lrb- lockhart -rrb- .
retail sales in the uk rose by more than expected last month , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio has been bought by the irish government .
a charity has raised more than # 20,000 for a charity shop in suffolk to raise money for charity .
the mother of an indian woman who went missing after a night out in the indian capital , delhi , has been found dead .
a huge fire has broken out at a manhattan building in the us state of new york .
the head of the uk government has warned that the uk government 's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy is ` ` shameful '' .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
bournemouth missed the chance to go top of the premier league after a goalless draw with bournemouth .
widnes vikings have announced the signing of former widnes vikings player joe walton .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the disappearance of a man in edinburgh .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
a convicted murderer who was jailed for killing his cellmate has been jailed for life .
david cameron has become the first briton to win a gold medal in london 's hyde park .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been granted permission to allow the african football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- to join the confederation of african football .
the bbc 's pumza fihlani looks at some of the world 's most polluted streets .
salford red devils came from two goals down to beat salford red devils in the super 8s .
it 's been a year since the birth of american author tim peake .
the first exhibition of the new exhibition of the great british bake off exhibition has opened in london .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west sussex .
former theatre director graham graham is to play a new play in the west end next year , the bbc has learned .
hundreds of people have taken part in a celebration to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a man in the lake district .
inverness caledonian thistle manager richie foran says the club 's relegation from the premiership was a ` ` massive blow '' .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says the club 's poor start to the season is a ` ` massive '' season .
leicester city 's premier league title defence means leicester city 's premier league title hopes are likely to be at the top of the premier league .
athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics , according to a study by the international olympic committee .
britain 's andy murray made it through to the last 16 of the australian open with a straight - set win over andrey kuznetsov .
the family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in east london have paid tribute to him .
all pictures are copyrighted .
the head of the un security agency in eastern ukraine has accused the government of violating its operations in the eastern region of donetsk .
the deadline is under way for the tax credit system in england and wales .
the university of oxford is to become the first in the uk to create a new wave of diversity .
ulster football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- says the gaa football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- is ` ` on the way '' of the gaa football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has called for the welsh government to be ` ` tariff - free '' on brexit .
joseph joseph , who has died at the age of 74 , travelled to hillsborough in the 1980s .
us president - elect donald trump has criticised taiwan 's ambassador to taiwan , saying he is ` ` not willing '' to be the next president .
bus drivers in dorset are being balloted for strike action over pay and conditions .
the us national security agency -lrb- department -rrb- has shut its doors to the national security agency -lrb- department -rrb- .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he wants to sign a new contract with the club .
one of the uk 's most famous pier , bryan pier , has been put into administration .
toshiba , the japanese firm that owns the japanese nuclear giant , has filed for bankruptcy protection for the first time since 2008 .
france midfielder reveillere reveillere has signed a new one - year contract with the french club .
gps in england could be forced to spend more than # 27 m a year for gp surgeries in england , according to a new report .
a 15-year - old boy has become the first person to be charged with the attempted murder of a 15-year - old boy in rhondda cynon taff .
a medieval castle in county durham has been restored to the public for the first time in its history .
world number one jordan spieth is through to the final round of the masters after carding a six - under - par 66 in the final round of the masters .
the government of the syrian government has said it will begin talks with the government for the first time since the end of the uprising in syria .
at least 30 people have been killed in an attack by boko haram militants in nigeria 's north - eastern borno state , the nigerian government says .
hundreds of people have marched through oxford to protest against plans to cut the number of children 's centres in oxfordshire .
more than 100 firefighters have been killed in a fire at a forest in the us state of pennsylvania , police say .
liberal democrat leader tim farron has died at the age of 82 .
yorkshire opener adam lyth made his first first - class century of the season to help his side beat yorkshire at the oval .
a prison prison in essex has been branded ` ` ridiculous '' by the ministry of justice .
the family of a man killed in the fatal stabbing of a man in oxford have paid tribute to them .
china 's supreme court has ruled in favour of the disputed waters of the disputed south china sea .
the coach of the ghana football federation -lrb- sredojevic -rrb- , sredojevic sredojevic , has resigned from the sport .
wolves missed the chance to go top of the table as they were held to a draw at home to cambridge .
sussex batsman jim wells says he has no regrets about retiring for the rest of the season .
russian president vladimir putin has called for an end to russia 's involvement in the conflict in eastern ukraine .
us secretary of state john kerry has accused the chinese government of violating its territorial territory in the south china sea .
two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of downloading indecent images of children .
the chief executive of a hospital in dumfries and galloway has called for urgent action to improve patient care in scotland .
the world 's first world heritage project has been given the go - ahead by the united nations .
jane christie has been named as the new star of the new series of top gear .
south africa 's biggest mining firm , lonmin , has said it will raise $ 13bn -lrb- # miner -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in cumbria .
researchers at harvard university have found a way to brush the body 's immune system .
a lion has been killed in a lion attack in south africa , officials say .
cuban president raul castro has urged cuba 's president , raul castro , to step down as president of the united states .
scientists say they have developed a new way to tackle the risk of developing antibiotics .
us president barack obama is to become the first us president of the united states .
a man has been jailed for three years for stealing more than # 1 m from the west midlands .
hundreds of people have taken part in a memorial to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the stories about the issue of discrimination .
greenock morton have signed former salford red devils striker duffy duffy on a two - year deal .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in edinburgh to mark the 100th anniversary of the earthquake .
conservative mp george osborne has been elected as the new conservative chancellor of the exchequer .
the county cricket season is under way at the end of the season .
scottish local authorities have been accused of ` ` same '' over the use of parking for parking in scotland .
more than a third of children in the uk are more likely to experience their children , according to a new study .
the uk should stay in the european union , the head of the uk 's science minister has said .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in oxfordshire .
britain 's mark cavendish won the second stage of the tour de france with victory in the tour de france .
it 's been a year since education secretary nicky morgan told the bbc that the government 's plans to force all schools in england to become academies .
a row has broken out over the running of labour mps in the labour leadership contest .
the family of a man who went missing in the uk have said they are ` ` desperate '' to find his son .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend has told a jury he was a ` ` hi '' , a court has heard .
a campaign group has been told to pay more than # 100,000 in a row over pay for a new training contract .
a court in the spanish capital , manuel cunha , has been charged with fraud in the capital , madrid .
the world 's biggest mobile phone , knapp , has announced plans to cut the number of android phones in the uk .
a cat has died after being hit by a cat in leicestershire .
wales ' jodie stimpson says she is ` ` not surprised '' to compete at the 2016 olympic games in rio .
a three - year - old boy has died after being hit by a shark on a beach in denmark , a court has heard .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a four - year - old boy by dangerous driving .
leicester maintained their 100 % start to the european champions cup with a bonus - point win over treviso at welford road .
southend united manager phil brown has been charged with misconduct by the football association for failing to reach the league one play - off final .
league one side wycombe wanderers have signed striker craig harris on loan from wycombe until the end of the season .
captain eoin morgan hit a century as england beat south africa by seven wickets in the first twenty20 international in mumbai .
plans for a new play centre in denbighshire have been given the go - ahead .
a norwegian man has been found guilty of plotting to carry out a terror attack on a university in the capital oslo .
world number one mark selby has been knocked out of the world snooker championship in hong kong .
a chronology of key events : .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack on a farm in newport .
the death toll from a migrant camp in the greek capital , athens , has left more than 100 people dead , officials say .
former rangers manager sir alex ferguson says he is not bothered about his future as rangers manager .
the mexican government has announced a rise in the number of people who have been sentenced to 10 years in jail in the us .
a police officer who murdered a police officer at a hostel in caerphilly county was unlawfully killed , an inquest has heard .
the british grand prix will not be able to host the british grand prix , according to the british grand prix .
sunderland have completed the signing of argentina winger scocco scocco for an undisclosed fee .
kilmarnock extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a hard - fought win over kilmarnock .
a bbc investigation has found that some of its users have been targeted by hackers .
a man has pleaded guilty to the murder of a woman who was found dead at a hotel in hertfordshire .
rock guitarist rick parfitt has died at the age of 74 , his family have said .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a house in sussex .
bbc radio 1 will be broadcast live on bbc one , bbc radio 1 has announced .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in east belfast .
a row has broken out over the nhs 's handling of the nhs in england .
the use of forests in the forests of forest fires has increased , according to a new study .
archaeologists say they have found the first evidence that a hoard finds cave in south africa was found in a cave in south africa .
the number of people working in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
scientists say they have found a way to solve the effects of the ` ` journal '' of students .
a man who died in the united states has died at the age of 72 .
a project to help people with learning disabilities and learning disabilities has been launched .
a man has been suspended from his nursing home after a woman was found dead at a care home in the borders .
a hall in the centre of a borough hall has been given the go - ahead by councillors .
scientists say they have found a way to detect the test of ovarian cancer .
league two side cambridge united have signed striker gary mcsheffrey on a two - year deal following his release by dagenham & redbridge .
great britain 's men 's foil team won the men 's wheelchair basketball at the european championships in london on sunday .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says the introduction of the formula 1 world champion is a ` ` disaster '' .
a council has been criticised for failing to provide council funding for local authorities in wales .
health secretary jeremy hunt is set to announce the resignation of the nhs in england .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has called on the scottish government to scrap the ` ` fiscal cliff '' for scotland .
mcdonald 's , mcdonald 's and mcdonald 's , mcdonald 's and mcdonald 's have been criticised by the european commission of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to sir neville neville , who has died at the age of 89 .
tributes have been paid to former wales rugby player chris corrigan , who has died at the age of 84 .
plans to ban dog fouling in oxford have been approved by the city council .
oxford united have signed oxford united striker enda kenny on loan until the end of the season .
a seven - year - old boy has died after being hit by a farm in county antrim .
two police officers have been shot dead by police in the south of the us city of baton rouge .
a app app that allows users to download a mobile phone app has been found in silicon valley .
thousands of people have visited london 's heathrow airport to mark the 70th anniversary of the crossrail war .
tributes have been paid to career gambaccini , who has died at the age of 86 .
liverpool fans who want to vote against the hillsborough disaster are to hold a vote on the future of the hillsborough disaster .
john murray has announced he will step down as chief executive of the scottish institute of directors -lrb- reported -rrb- .
one of the uk 's most famous steam locomotives is getting under way in aberystwyth .
tributes have been paid to a ukrainian journalist who died after being shot in the head in the capital sarajevo .
more than half a million people in the uk are more likely to have dementia , according to new research .
a car bomb has exploded in the spanish town of pictures , local media report .
one of the world 's most famous music studios , clare studio , has been born at a house in west belfast .
rail passengers across scotland are to be hit by disruption due to modernisation work on the main route .
the chief executive of the east sussex nhs trust has resigned .
the result of the uk 's vote to leave the european union could be the result of britain 's vote to leave the eu , the bbc understands .
a british man has died in myanmar , the foreign office has confirmed .
at least 32 people have been killed and dozens injured in a series of explosions in eastern ukraine , officials say .
schools in england should be able to make sure pupils ` ` comprehensive '' schools in england , according to a new report .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering his wife .
derry city made it two wins from two in the football league as they were held to a draw by galway .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a british man in the uk .
league one side chesterfield have signed chesterfield striker 23-year - old 23-year - old on loan until the end of the season .
the world 's biggest technology maker , the world 's biggest technology maker , is launching a new version of the world 's biggest smartphone .
motorists are being warned to expect delays on the roads on the m4 in cardiff .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in second practice at the hungarian grand prix as mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton took pole position .
marcus bignot 's first game in charge of derby county ended in a goalless draw at blundell park .
a man has been jailed for the attempted murder of a teenage girl who was stabbed to death in sunderland .
dundee flyers head coach marc lefebvre praised his team 's resilience after their 5 - 2 defeat by cardiff devils in the elite league .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in london to mark the 25th anniversary of the orlando attack .
women 's super league one club west ham have been criticised by the women 's super league one club .
star wars actor bafta truetube is among the nominees for this year 's bafta craft awards .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man at a house in the highlands .
the humber bridge in humber , humber , has been given the go - ahead by the humber bridge .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk government 's plans for a second independence referendum .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its new space station .
bbc sport wales pundits live coverage of the 2016 world cup .
philippe coutinho says he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the death of his wife , who has been injured in a crash at the italian grand prix .
the first game of the game against england in the fa cup has been described as ` ` boring '' by the football association .
prince harry has visited the children 's charity unicef for the first time in more than two decades .
police and police officers in england and wales could be forced to operate on public buildings under plans being considered by the police federation .
avon and somerset fire authority -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to be investigated over allegations of a fire and rescue authority -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
league two side morecambe have signed striker shaun edwards on a two - year deal following his release by morecambe .
police in the indian city of mumbai have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the city .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to extend the league one relegation zone .
saracens director of rugby andy eye says his side are capable of winning their first premiership title of the season .
a rare skeleton of the skeleton mongolian has been sold at auction for $ exporting -lrb- Â # desert -rrb- .
white police officers have been shot dead by police in the us state of dallas , police say .
defence secretary david fox and defence secretary liam fox have joined forces in a letter to the defence of the defence secretary .
a formula 1 world champion has been seriously injured in a crash in cambridgeshire .
british artist sir nicholas curator has been named the uk 's most influential artist of the year .
lawyers for legal aid in england and wales are calling for the government to scrap legal aid for legal aid .
police in the indian city of bangalore say they have found the most venomous snake in the world .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the new year 's eve celebrations .
britain 's ian stannard won stage three of the tour de romandie after a thrilling final stage of the tour de yorkshire .
sepp blatter is one of the most influential footballers in world football .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering a man whose body was found in the boot of his body .
a man has been found dead at a motorway in shropshire , police have said .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in blackpool .
ed miliband has accused david cameron of being ` ` insisted '' by the party 's election manifesto .
atletico madrid have appointed diego simeone as their new manager on a three - year deal .
a row has broken out over cardiff 's bid to become cardiff city region .
the head of china 's foreign affairs association -lrb- methods -rrb- , allan mcgregor , has called for the government to do more to protect foreign companies .
england 's james anderson has become the first england player to achieve a world record for the first test against sri lanka .
leeds united manager mark warburton says his side have a ` ` good chance '' of winning the championship play - offs .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in leicestershire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares rose at the end of the week , with shares in mining giant burberry .
the leader of the scottish independence party , james mcconnell , has been diagnosed with pneumonia .
england head coach steve o'loughlin says he is ` ` very proud '' to be named as the new england head coach .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
jazz carlin has become the first welsh woman to win a medal at the 2016 commonwealth games .
stoke city manager mark hughes says he has no plans to sell stoke city forward mark hughes .
veterans at a mental health unit in hampshire have been given a new healthcare programme .
england slumped to a last - wicket defeat by india in their opening match of the third test in mumbai .
olympic gold medallist richard long became the first british woman to win a olympic gold medal at the rio olympics .
former wales and british and irish lions scrum - half john john has died at the age of 90 .
one of the uk 's most prestigious chris has won the # 1 m prize for the first time .
national league side guiseley have signed defender joel joel from guiseley on a two - year deal .
it 's been a year since inmates at a prison in the south of scotland 's prisons .
pakistan 's younus khan has been named the world 's most successful test player of the year .
labour leadership candidate natalie glass has resigned as shadow chancellor of the labour party .
two former military officers have gone on trial in argentina in connection with the murder of former president luiz inacio lula da silva .
one of india 's most influential politicians , j jayalalitha , is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in greater manchester have been approved by the mayor of greater manchester .
the nhs in england has been criticised by the nhs for failing to cope with the cost of the winter health crisis .
a northern ireland prison officer has spoken of his shock after a bomb attack at a prison in county antrim .
thousands of people have turned out for the first time in a new play at the bow theatre in south london .
people in bristol have been asked to leave their homes in the city of bristol for the first time .
a memorial has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
adolf hitler 's former nazi ss leader ken ap has died at the age of 82 .
the number of animal welfare offences in wales has risen to its lowest level since records began , the rspca has said .
unemployment in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade , according to official figures .
manchester united striker zlatan ibrahimovic says he was ` ` proud '' to watch his side 's 2 - 1 win over manchester united on sunday .
a pakistani woman has been arrested on suspicion of adultery over the death of a woman in the indian city of lahore .
a us court has ordered the extradition of a us marine convicted of killing a filipino soldier in the philippines .
the public inquiry into undercover policing in england and wales is to be examined by the high court .
fifa has announced that it is ending its sponsorship of the world 's biggest sponsor , the world cup and the world cup .
the draft draft draft draft guidelines on abortion in northern ireland has been published .
a man has been shot dead by police in south london .
great britain 's rowers have been named in the great britain squad for next month 's rio olympics .
grant grant has been named as the new head coach of stirling university .
rahul gandhi was one of india 's most influential writers .
an inquest into the death of a baby girl at a huddersfield hospital has been described as ` ` exceptional '' by a coroner .
a teenager has broken the world record for the first time at the world championships in bristol .
the number of sex abuse victims in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to new figures .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the world 's paths object .
the world 's largest food company , the world 's largest food company , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of people in the uk .
the former head of tanzania 's education minister , ms tibaijuka , has been suspended from the country .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says wales coach warren gatland has been ` ` alcohol '' and ` ` alcohol '' and ` ` alcohol '' .
a consultation has begun on a proposed consultation on the future of the uk 's largest waste sites in the uk .
scientists say they have found a way to reverse the effects of a drug 's immune system .
judy murray has been awarded a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a police investigation into the death of a man in inverness is being investigated by police .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges about the future of the business .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to the scottish government .
when you think of the premier league this season , it is hard to be the most successful player in the world .
russia has become the first country in the world to adopt a law that allows people to access access to the internet .
a mother has been jailed for life for murdering his newborn baby son .
a man has died after being struck by a lorry on a motorway in central london .
doctors at the royal college of nursing have called for an urgent review of the way doctors are struggling to cope with a growing number of doctors .
bill cosby has said he is ` ` outraged and saddened '' by reports of sexual assault allegations against jimmy savile .
norbrook norbrook , the chief executive of pharmaceutical firm nagle , has died at the age of 88 .
a man has been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash on the isle of man .
the euro 2016 finals will be the last game of the year when they meet in the last 16 of the european championship .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in county donegal .
a 16-year - old boy who stabbed a 16-year - old to death in aberdeen has been jailed for life .
two men have been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl in the 1990s .
the troubled formula 1 car racing club is to close after the company said it had ` ` no risk '' for the company .
a selection of more than a million people in the world are born in the country .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of 2016 , according to the latest report from the ey pound .
voting has begun in elections to elect a new general election .
christopher creator peter christopher has won the top prize at the british film society -lrb- ralph -rrb- awards .
the 2017 indian premier league -lrb- ipl -rrb- begins on wednesday , with indian premier league champions india , india , india , india and india .
former liberal democrat leader nick clegg has called for the prison to be given the freedom of justice .
romania 's former prime minister , dragnea grindeanu , has been expelled from the country 's parliament .
barcelona have agreed a deal to sign barcelona striker neymar for an undisclosed fee .
a hedgehog had to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck at a house in cambridgeshire .
the un says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the alleged war crimes committed by the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
former england captain michael vaughan says he is worried about the future of cricket in the world .
league one side bristol rovers have signed former bristol rovers defender 20-year - old broom on a season - long loan deal .
sri lanka 's international cricket league -lrb- offer -rrb- has rejected an offer from sri lanka to investigate allegations of match - fixing .
olympic gold medallist skeleton yarnold became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world championships in sochi .
scarlets prop rhys williams has been suspended from the welsh rugby union for comments he made on social media .
guildford county council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the decision to demolish guildford county council is to be demolished .
the world trade organisation -lrb- suspension -rrb- has suspended the suspension of the country 's biggest oil company , suspension .
the un says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the deaths of palestinian civilians in the gaza strip .
thousands of syrian refugees have arrived in northern ireland for the first time since the battle of bashar al - assad .
the governor of the us state of indiana has called for a ban on gay marriage in the us state of indiana .
four people have been arrested in the chinese capital , beijing , after the death of a man who was hit by a landslide .
the european union has approved a deal to send asylum seekers back to the greek island of lesbos .
a photograph of a young boy who drowned in the aegean sea in turkey has been released on social media .
plans for a new bus station in belfast have been approved by the transport minister .
sainsbury 's has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
one of northern ireland 's most senior police officers has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a dispute has broken out between teachers and teachers at a school in west belfast .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was ` ` embarrassed '' by his side 's failure to beat liverpool in the europa league .
care homes in england and wales are being given the chance to choose their care services , the national care association says .
pop star justin bieber is in a critical condition after being hit by a car in the us state of minnesota .
the uk 's biggest 4 g mobile phone service is set to begin next month , the uk government has confirmed .
ukip leader diane childs has been suspended for a second time in a row over hiv .
manchester united 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were beaten at home by manchester united at old trafford .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a canal in west yorkshire .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says he was ` ` shocked '' by the decision to leave the european champions cup .
plans for a # 500 m road tunnel in stonehenge have been revealed by the government .
great britain 's bryony bryony won olympic gold in the women 's rosie freestyle at the rio olympics .
the rise in the number of people in northern ireland is set to rise by 5 % over the next five years , according to the paper .
the fa cup third - round tie between england and manchester united will be broadcast live on bbc one .
a pair of red kites have been found shot dead in north yorkshire .
plans to build a cycle route on the a40 in swansea have been approved by the city council .
the number of police forces in england and wales has more than doubled in the past five years , a watchdog has said .
iran 's supreme leader , mahmoud ahmadinejad , has called on the us government to intervene in the middle east .
a police officer has been cleared of assaulting a police officer at a bar in glasgow .
new zealand 's alex thomson has become the first british rider to win a race in the vendee globe .
plans to build a new road on the a40 in swansea have been approved by the welsh government .
cyclist van van uci has been banned from competing at the world championships in italy after being found guilty of doping .
the russian military says it is ` ` appalled '' by russia 's response to the deaths of two russian planes on the syrian border .
liverpool have completed the signing of liverpool midfielder darius henderson for an undisclosed fee .
an immigration removal centre in dorset has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
mikheil saakashvili , the former georgian president , has died at the age of 89 .
leeds rhinos head coach brian mcdermott says his side 's success in the super league final was a ` ` great moment '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died when he was struck by a car .
us president donald trump has condemned a spate of threats to jewish centres in the us .
a man has become the first in the uk to pay a # child auction for a children 's tv advert .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the england and wales cricket board .
the death toll from a prison in iran 's capital , tehran , has led to a wave of violence in the capital , tehran .
the us supreme court has filed a lawsuit against the us government over the use of female military personnel in the military .
royal mail has reported a sharp fall in half - year profits as it reported a fall in half - year profits .
at least five people have been killed in an attack by taliban militants in the southern province of lashkar , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in the city of hannover , police say .
jockey ryan moore has withdrawn from this year 's irish grand prix as he continues to recover from a wrist injury .
bradford 's league one play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by oxford .
one of the world cup 's greats of the world cup has been released .
an inquest into the death of a man who was found dead in a park has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by police .
a cross - party group of mps has called for an end to the uk 's immigration system .
apple has announced that it is investing more than $ 1bn -lrb- Â # apple -rrb- to help women and women with mental health issues .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her painting daughter .
the northern ireland secretary of state has announced plans to cut the number of northern ireland 's civil servants .
a french court has ordered an investigation into the use of a breast implant used by a french surgeon .
if you want to know what 's going to be the next president of the united states ?
police are investigating the discovery of a cannabis factory in cannabis , county londonderry .
the number of patients waiting for treatment in england has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , a bbc investigation has found .
wales defender chris gunter says the euro 2016 finals is a ` ` massive blow '' for wales .
a man charged with the murder of a schoolboy in inverness has appeared in court .
the line - up for this year 's edinburgh international film festival -lrb- festival -rrb- has been announced .
two teenagers have been found guilty of murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death in nottingham .
wales ' world number one jordan nobbs says he has ` ` no problem '' after being knocked out in the final round of the bdo world championships .
bbc sport 's football expert mark paternostro is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
the number of products sold in the uk has risen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a consumer group .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an incident at a police station in essex .
a new railway station in central london has been given the go - ahead by the transport minister .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead in a flat in west belfast .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges surrounding the war in syria .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west indian .
a man has died in a fire at a house in west lothian .
the demolition of the former owners of the collapsed didcot power station collapse has been demolished .
shares in the bitcoin virtual currency have been stolen after a security breach .
the mother of one of the uk 's biggest child sex abuse has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the number of young girls in the town .
a prison at a prison in kent is at risk of collapsing , a report has found .
former england striker darren campbell has been named as the new manager of the fa cup .
police in the us state of indiana have arrested a man in connection with the death of a black man in washington .
primary schools in wales are to be given the chance to spend more than # 1 m a year , the welsh government has announced .
a military commander has been killed in an attack on a military base in the libyan city of benghazi , officials say .
the world 's largest robot , the world 's first robot , is being developed in japan .
england women 's captain laura oshoala has been named in the england squad for the women 's euro 2017 .
premier league leaders manchester united maintained their 100 % start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over bournemouth .
the uk government has launched a strategy to tackle carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 .
manchester united have signed former manchester united and manchester united midfielder victor valdes for an undisclosed fee .
the driver of the french tour de france , chris froome , has been hit by a car in the french alps , police have said .
two cars have been taken to hospital after a fire at a warehouse in birmingham .
monty python , one of the world 's most famous golf players , has died at the age of 85 .
images courtesy of ap , afp , epa and reuters .
supermarket chain tesco has reported a sharp rise in sales for the three months to the end of december .
the number of turtles washed up on beaches in wales has risen to its lowest level since records began , a vet has said .
at least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after an earthquake hit a village in the south of the country , police say .
a us judge has ordered the release of a us prisoner who was freed from guantanamo bay 's guantanamo bay detention centre .
northern ireland 's liam donnelly has been knocked out of the olympic games after being knocked out in the men 's flyweight final at rio 2016 .
the co - pilot of the germanwings flight that crashed in the german alps has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that the co - pilot who crashed into the cockpit of the germanwings plane has been found .
the mother of a boy who was found guilty of a string of child abuse allegations has been found guilty of misconduct .
a section of the m1 on the m1 has reopened after being closed for more than two hours .
the us central bank has cut interest rates for the first time in more than two years , the federal reserve has said .
a hacker has told the bbc he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about a security alert at norwich airport .
the scottish government has won a legal challenge to the scottish government 's decision to grant a controversial wind farm in the north of scotland .
the welsh government has pledged # boost m for the welsh economy .
the number of people with mental health problems in england has risen by almost a fifth in the past year , official figures show .
a collection of one of the world 's most famous famous has sold for # hanson at auction .
star wars actor mark hamill will headline the pyramid stage at this year 's proms .
great britain 's marcus ellis and marcus ellis won olympic gold in the men 's doubles final at the rio olympics .
david haye says he has ` ` no regrets '' with david haye after his fight against tony bellew at london 's o2 arena .
it was one of the most memorable football fans in wales .
zambia 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by zambia in the africa cup of nations qualifier .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has accused the greek government of trying to fulfil the greek debt system .
moderates have been sworn in as the new president of the iranian capital , hassan rouhani .
the government of bahrain has called for an end to the unrest in the capital , manama .
newcastle united have signed netherlands midfielder leroy warsaw on a season - long loan deal .
andy murray made it through to the second round of the scottish open with a straight - set victory over world number one andy murray .
a man who admitted causing the death of a five - month - old baby has been jailed for four years .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said he will vote for the party to stay in the welsh assembly .
a woman who was jailed for life after being found guilty of her life has lost her appeal against her sentence .
the closure of a primary school in edinburgh has been closed due to safety concerns .
cardiff devils head coach stephen bowns says the elite league title race will be a ` ` huge problem '' in the elite league .
easyjet has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the airline 's decision to withdraw its flights to fly from next month .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has told the bbc he is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's decision to cut spending on local authorities .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from cliffs on a beach in cardiff .
a large unexploded world war two bomb has been found in dorset .
two men have been found guilty of helping a farmer to death in a county durham farm .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in southampton .
brewing giant sabmiller has rejected a takeover offer from brewer sabmiller .
members of the unite union and the unite union have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions .
the premier league has signed a new deal with the premier league and the premier league .
it 's the age of the age of the age of the age of the age , according to a new study .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- chief executive bob thompson has called on the uk government to crack down on tax avoidance .
a former doctor who has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of misconduct has been given a suspended prison sentence .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai white has died at the age of 91 .
a man has been jailed for five years for defrauding the uk government 's # register child tax fraud .
green party leader caroline lucas has called for the green party to be given the green light in the general election .
the uk 's first vital vending machine is to be created in kent .
pakistan 's prime minister nawaz sharif and his wife couple murders have been killed in a mob attack in pakistan 's punjab province , police say .
ukip leader nigel farage has said the party will win a majority of seats in the general election .
accrington stanley manager chris coleman says his side 's poor start to the league two season is ` ` not acceptable '' .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in belfast 's pride pride parade .
a conservative mp has called for an end to the west end of the west end of the west end of the year .
gareth bale will return to cardiff city in the final of the champions league final in cardiff on saturday .
bristol rovers midfielder wildsmith wildsmith has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has agreed a bailout deal with the european union .
more than a third of passengers in england and wales have been arrested on suspicion of being drunk in the uk , the bbc has learned .
i i is one of sri lanka 's most famous women .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been suspended from the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- over an alleged sexual assault .
a vote has been held in the investigation into claims of electoral fraud in east london .
england 's justin rose carded a six - under - par 66 to take a two - shot lead into the final round of the us open at thomas .
an edinburgh man has released a video of the moment he was indecently assaulted at a edinburgh music festival .
a woman has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a woman at a house in glasgow .
one of mexico 's most popular businessmen , rafael benitez , has been sacked after being hit by a car .
the us ambassador to the united nations , nikki haley , has said she will not seek re - election in the united states .
the chief constable of south wales has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the head teachers ' union -lrb- consider -rrb- in the wake of the head teachers ' strike .
a lorry driver has been jailed for using a mobile phone while driving on a motorway in oxfordshire .
a former parliamentary speaker has been banned from the parliamentary commissioner for failing to conduct a code of conduct .
turkey 's parliament has approved a bill that would allow police to set up a new police force in the capital , ankara .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
the first section of a capsule bridge in the highlands has been restored to the public for the first time .
the bodies of two people who died in a helicopter crash in north wales have been identified .
a man has been rescued from the river thames in hampshire after being hit by a car .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , boosted by oil prices and a rise in oil prices .
the funeral of watford manager taylor taylor has been unveiled at the club 's stadium .
pupils in england will be able to get pupils in england 's secondary schools in england , the education secretary has said .
sir bradley wiggins says sir bradley wiggins ' use of therapeutic use exemptions -lrb- tues -rrb- is ` ` disrespectful '' .
a man has been found guilty of terrorism offences after being found guilty of terrorism offences .
the campaign for the uk to stay in the eu has been launched by field field campaigners .
at least six people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a powerful earthquake hit the northern indian city of banda .
former england manager graham taylor has died at the age of 83 .
the indian state of uttar pradesh -lrb- lowest -rrb- is one of the world 's biggest and most powerful countries .
a rare copy of jane austen 's jane austen is to be displayed in a new exhibition .
cruise group carnival has reported a sharp fall in profits in the first three months of the year .
inspectors have been told to improve care for patients at a dundee hospital .
harlequins missed out on a place in the european challenge cup quarter - finals after a break defeat by brive .
the families of two children killed in a fire at a government - run nursery in the us state of los angeles have been ordered to pay more than $ 6 m -lrb- Â # jail -rrb- in damages .
a busy street in manchester city centre has been closed because of a busy hole .
netflix has announced it is to launch its first video streaming service in china .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has been appointed as the new leader of the labour party .
a new choir is to be held in gloucester cathedral for the first time in more than 40 years .
the police force in england and wales has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the force 's police and crime commissioner .
mae ' r gwasanaethau brys yn dweud bod nifer o r yn cael eu nawr yn cael eu nawr yn cael eu nawr .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in london 's hyde park .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has said he will not seek re - election in the presidential election .
ukip leader arron banks has said he will not stand in the party 's bid to become ukip 's next leader .
the skipper of a fishing boat has been rescued from the sea off the coast of south wales .
two police officers have been charged with gross misconduct offences .
the head of the university of oxford has called on the uk government to tackle extremism .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's premier league title hopes were a ` ` huge mistake '' in the premier league title race .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has been accused of ` ` their '' after being accused of ` ` finsbury '' a labour mp in the house of commons .
one of scotland 's largest engineering companies , barry mccoll , is to close its operations at the end of the year .
thousands of people have marched through the french city of calais to mark the 70th anniversary of the auschwitz death camp .
a former trader accused of contributing to the 2010 wall street attack has pleaded not guilty to charges against the us federal reserve .
a man who died after being hit by a car in gwynedd has been named by police .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a gene that could be linked to male genital mutilation .
the number of adult social care services in england has risen by more than a third in the past year , a survey has found .
here 's a round - up of interesting robots .
scientists have discovered what is thought to be one of the world 's most famous particle insects .
three people have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a car in flintshire .
the european commission president jose manuel barroso has criticised the european commission 's decision to leave the european union .
a blind man has won a competition for the first time in more than 30 years .
tributes have been paid to a former glamorgan cricket club player who died after being hit by a car .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a four - year - old boy was struck by a car in leeds .
volkswagen , the german car maker , has said it will stop cheating in the wake of the emissions scandal .
southampton defender virgil van dijk has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
johnston group profit has reported a 20 % rise in annual pre - tax profits to # shareholders m for the three months to december .
work to repair a railway line between london and reading has reopened .
the mother of a boy who was killed in the hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he had been involved in the hillsborough disaster .
a four - year - old boy has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in dorset .
a court in california has sentenced a man to 10 years in jail for the murder of a crimes in california .
ireland women 's hockey team were knocked out of the women 's world cup by reaching the semi - finals of the women 's world cup .
british formula 1 driver christian horner says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the great british grand prix .
northern ireland secretary theresa villiers has called for an end to the protests over flag protests in northern ireland .
republic of ireland skipper michael o'neill has been called up to the republic of ireland squad for the world cup qualifier against austria .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on tuesday , as oil prices fell sharply .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gang of masked men were attacked in county antrim .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a house in greater manchester .
more than a third of university nurses in england are to be offered a degree by the government , the bbc has learned .
scotland 's dufner dufner carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the jordan championship .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most famous people in the world .
a man has been jailed for stealing more than # 1 m from her mother 's body in bedfordshire .
britain 's richard jung has won the british grand prix for the first time .
the uk 's special relationship between the united states and the united states has been welcomed by the us ambassador to the us .
the national trust has announced plans for a national trust for the national trust of the national trust .
police in iran have arrested a video appearing to show a video appearing to show a video appearing to show a popular video of young women .
team sky have been fined # 30,000 by the sport 's governing body after he was charged with racist abuse .
two people have been injured in a crash involving a bus and a bus in oxfordshire .
an asbestos processing building in dumfries and galloway has been closed because of an outbreak of the building .
the mayor of sao paulo , the mayor of sao paulo , has called on the mayor of sao paulo to stop selling homeless people .
peru 's president , ollanta humala , has announced he will step down as president of the country .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday , with the dow jones hitting the dow jones lower .
the trial of an egyptian man detained in egypt for more than two years has been adjourned until the end of the year .
connacht moved to the top of the pro12 table with a touchdowns win over bottom side zebre at the sportsground .
all images are copyrighted .
st helens maintained their unbeaten start to the super league season with a narrow victory over leeds rhinos .
london mayoral candidate zac goldsmith has been elected as the new mayor of london .
a norwegian soldier has been killed in a collision with a car in norway , the norwegian military says .
an inquest into the death of poppi worthington is to be held in april , a coroner has ruled .
french president recep tayyip erdogan has been arrested in france on suspicion of preparing to travel to france .
the gap between the uk and the rest of the uk has fallen to its lowest level in nearly a decade , according to a report .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been found guilty of corruption and sentenced to 20 years in jail for embezzlement .
the leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , jim murphy , has said he will not be able to deal with the democratic unionist party .
great britain 's women 's hockey team have qualified for the 2018 world cup in russia .
a collection of charles dickens has been sold at auction for # london .
the dominican republic , the dominican republic , has become the first country in the world to be deported to the dominican republic .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to cut the number of army troops in afghanistan .
former south sudan president gianni infantino has been appointed as the new president of south sudan .
british number one johanna konta says she is ` ` very proud '' to be beaten by british number one johanna konta at the australian open .
one of the most famous movies in the uk is to be turned into a new film .
it has been a year since the discovery of an archaeological dig in the belfast area of northern ireland .
a deal has been reached between scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon after a deal was agreed by the scottish government .
the number of people using opium cultivation in afghanistan has risen by more than 20 % in the past five years , according to a report by the bbc .
hull city have signed hull city striker toni abraham on loan until the end of the season .
a man with terminal cancer has been awarded # judge to help save the life of a cancer patient .
scientists say they have discovered the existence of the sun 's ability to communicate in the sun .
plans to devolve the number of welsh mps in wales have been announced by the welsh government .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the extradition of the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- .
the truce between the syrian government and its allies in the syrian city of aleppo has led to a truce between the us and russia .
two men have been arrested after jewellery worth more than # 1 m were seized in londonderry .
concerns have been raised that plans for a new car park in powys have been approved by powys council .
swiss voters in switzerland have voted in favour of a proposal to curb the migrant crisis in europe .
league two side colchester united have signed midfielder jon guthrie on a two - year deal following his release by colchester united .
hong kong 's pro - democracy leader , tsai ing - wen , has been elected as hong kong 's new leader .
catalans dragons ' hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten by catalans dragons .
two men have appeared in court in chicago charged with the abduction and murder of a teenager in chicago .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won stage four of the tour de romandie in a sprint finish to win the tour de france .
the number of plastic bags found in plastic bags in england has risen to its lowest level in four years .
two men have been charged with raping a woman in newcastle .
worcester secured their first premiership win of the season with a bonus - point win over worcester warriors .
shares in the chinese stock market have fallen after the federal reserve said it would cut interest rates in the wake of the global financial crisis .
it 's one of the biggest movies in the world , but it 's been a big year for the us box office .
a woman accused of raping a woman in a hotel room has been found not guilty of attempted murder .
two men have been jailed for the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car in dorset .
a multi - million pound regeneration project in dundee has been given the go - ahead by the city council .
a collection of letters written by john lennon , who has died at the age of 90 , has sold for # shortly at auction .
a woman who stole jewellery from her home in a burglary at her home has spoken out for the first time in her memory .
a railway line between devon and cornwall has been restored to the public for the first time .
a report into the collapse of welsh enterprise -lrb- 05:00 -rrb- has heard that a deal between the firm and the welsh government was ` ` not acceptable '' .
a church dedicated to st george 's cathedral has been given grade ii listed status .
a legal challenge to the government 's legal challenge over term - time absences in england has been rejected by the high court .
prime minister david cameron is calling for an end to david cameron 's tax arrangements in the wake of the panama tax scandal .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of a city centre in hull .
the use of neonicotinoid pesticides in the uk has been discovered in the uk , according to a study .
a man who claimed he was banned from a pub in leeds has been banned from the pub for a second time .
the chief constable of police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- , stuart hogg , has announced he is stepping down .
a code of conduct for police officers in scotland has been published by the scottish parliament .
a pilot has died in a plane crash in myanmar , killing at least two people , officials say .
thousands of people in northern germany have been left without power after heavy rain caused severe weather conditions in northern germany .
the final anfield match between the 96 fans and fans at the hillsborough stadium has been held at anfield .
lord lord has become the first person to die in the house of lords .
a former chief executive of bristol city council has been criticised by the bbc .
the great british bake off is to be unveiled at london 's o2 arena , the bbc has announced .
all images are copyrighted .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in oxford .
in the wake of the killing of a canadian student at a university in the central province of trump , the bbc 's stephen now reports .
more than 200 children have been arrested by boko haram militants in the north - eastern nigerian town of maiduguri , the un says .
the president of the european commission has accused david cameron of ` ` scaremongering '' over the uk 's exit from the european union .
mansfield town manager green green has confirmed that striker matt green has left the league two club .
the number of people killed in accidents in london has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , new figures show .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been charged with violent conduct by the football association .
boreham wood have signed striker lucas green from tranmere rovers for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of thousands of people have taken to the streets of bangkok to protest against prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
more than a third of people in england and wales are failing to access their pension savings , according to the information commissioner 's office .
rangers have signed striker craig gordon from premier league champions leicester city for an undisclosed fee .
it 's been a turbulent year for donald trump .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the links between the two countries .
all images are copyrighted .
a wildlife enthusiast has been named as the new leader of the national trust .
kent 's hopes of reaching the division two play - offs suffered a setback as they drew with kent at canterbury .
the number of nurses in scotland has fallen by 5 % in the past year , according to official figures .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed robbery at london 's heathrow airport .
an inquest into the death of a man who was found dead at a house has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by a coroner .
dozens of people have been evacuated in chile after a fire broke out in chile .
british number one johanna konta says she is ` ` very proud '' to become the first british woman to win the british open for the first time .
sunderland have sacked manager dick advocaat after less than three months in charge .
a volcano in the guatemalan capital , guatemala , has killed at least 11 people , officials say .
plans to build a planning wind farm in the uk have been given the green light .
a man has been jailed for three years for threatening to kill a seven - year - old boy in aberdeen .
british number one andy murray is aiming to become the first british player to reach the wimbledon quarter - finals for the first time .
one of scotland 's biggest retailers , aberdeenshire - based , has reported a pre - tax loss of # across m for the year to june .
a county durham primary school has been given the go - ahead by the county council .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- is to investigate an investigation into the sale of nama 's northern ireland portfolio .
the first minister has called on the uk government to take action on cross - border cross - border activity in the republic of ireland .
one of the world 's most famous artists , 15 ! ,   has died at the age of 74 .
superted young , who has died at the age of 83 , was one of the most famous characters in the world .
prince harry and prince harry have been released from the prince harry in new zealand by the prince of wales .
russian president vladimir putin 's former military chief , alexei navalny , has died at the age of 89 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
the japanese government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the arrival of the japanese island of okinawa .
afghanistan 's special forces have agreed a deal to end the country 's war in afghanistan .
romelu lukaku scored a hat - trick as everton came from behind to beat everton and move up to third in the premier league .
new zealand prime minister john key has announced he is leaving the national party .
a pilot has been flown to the uk for the first time in more than two years .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have been celebrating the 50th anniversary of her 90th birthday .
more than a third of people in the uk are being charged with fraud , according to new research .
doncaster rovers moved to within a point of the league one play - off places after a goalless draw with raith rovers .
chelsea 's victory over chelsea at stamford bridge was a remarkable moment for the premier league title race with chelsea at stamford bridge .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group , the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group , has been killed in a suicide attack in the capital , sanaa .
a judge in brazil has ruled that the construction of a dam dam in the northern indian state of karnataka is unlawful .
the number of people registered in the uk has fallen for the second month in a row , according to figures released by the bbc .
the mother of a three - year - old boy who was trapped in a forest fire in canada has described her son 's life .
england 's ben flower has been named england 's player of the year for the first time .
one of the first women in the world to be the first female female cricketers in the world has been named as the new women 's cricket player .
super league leaders castleford tigers came from behind to beat super league leaders castleford tigers in super league .
a weather wind farm in northumberland has been put up for sale .
two - time olympic gold medallist helen glover says she will return to the great britain squad for next month 's world championships in london .
plans to build a new car park in pembrokeshire have been approved .
the metropolitan police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to review the safety of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
greenock morton moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with victory over montrose .
romania 's romania romania won olympic gold in the women 's guide kg weightlifting title in london .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a link between dumfries and galloway is to be carried out .
a convicted murderer has been arrested in liverpool after being arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs .
nigeria coach stephen keshi has been appointed as the new coach of the nigeria football federation .
a russian concert has been held in moscow to mark the 70th anniversary of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
donald trump has urged us president - elect donald trump to be ` ` global '' in the wake of donald trump 's presidency .
london 's tallest nightclub has been given the go - ahead by the city council .
the russian military says it has begun an investigation into the killing of a russian warplane on the syrian border .
super league side widnes vikings have been accused of ` ` bear '' injuries after a surface pitch was found on the pitch .
plans for a new secondary school in carmarthenshire have been approved .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences after the finsbury park terror attack in london , police have said .
blackberry has reported a net loss of $ fanfare -lrb- # future -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
police scotland 's chief constable has called for an independent inquiry into the armed forces in scotland .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on parking in essex .
scotland 's men have been named in the great britain squad for next month 's world championships in glasgow .
farmers have been using your questions to ask us what they want to know about the economy .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of birmingham to protest against the closure of the attraction attraction .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has pulled out of the race for the republican presidential nomination in the us presidential election .
the mother of a two - year - old boy who died in fife has told a court she had no concerns about the safety of two - year - old liam fee .
thousands of people have taken part in the west bank of israel for the first time in more than two decades .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack on a teenage boy in north london .
the ukrainian government has been accused of ` ` cyber crime '' in the ukrainian capital , kiev .
the number of people dying from a hospital in wales has risen to its lowest level since records began , the health secretary has said .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 100th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
at least 16 people have been killed in an attack by boko haram militants in nigeria 's north - eastern borno state , officials say .
the grenfell tower fire is ` ` not good enough '' , the home secretary has said .
the royal mint is to introduce a new # 1 coin for the royal mint , the royal mint has announced .
real madrid 's hopes of reaching the champions league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by real madrid .
a gwynedd police officer has been sacked after posting a message on facebook about his facebook page .
the european court of human rights has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the government 's handling of the killings of police officers in northern ireland .
greece 's political leaders have warned that greece will not be able to form a new government after the country voted to leave the eu .
stoke city midfielder lee johnson has signed a new two - year contract with the premier league club .
a journalist has told a murder trial that he was attacked by a man during a night out in glasgow .
glasgow warriors have signed glasgow warriors lock jonny gray on a two - year contract .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north london .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
women 's super league one club liverpool ladies have signed former liverpool defender mandy mandy on a two - year contract .
ulster 's hopes of qualifying for the champions league quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by galway .
a collection of more than # 100,000 has been donated to the public for the first time in the history of britain 's oldest museum .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has been sworn in as south sudan 's president salva kiir .
it 's been a turbulent year for northern ireland 's political parties .
the fbi 's director general , james comey , has told the bbc he will not be able to monitor security flaws in the security system .
forest green rovers have signed midfielder mark kirby and midfielder jordan kirby .
britain 's dan evans won the vacant wbc cruiserweight title with a unanimous points win over fight evans in the final round of the welsh open .
a man has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of fraud .
a man from west africa who contracted ebola in west africa has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the ebola outbreak .
one of the uk 's biggest technology firms has been sold by the welsh government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a flat in glasgow .
the scale of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the middle east is the subject of a new report .
a community pub in north yorkshire has been given a community community award .
us secretary of state john kerry has called on north korea to hold talks with north korea over its nuclear programme .
china has become one of the most powerful countries in the world .
the bank of england 's financial regulator , the treasury , has said it will raise billions of pounds for the first time since 2008 .
ross county have signed former republic of ireland defender sernas sernas on a two - year deal .
venezuela 's parliament has begun a parliamentary session in the capital , caracas , after a power cut in the capital , caracas .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a car in west lothian .
rock star dean richards says he is ` ` very excited '' about the band 's return to the uk .
the number of children living in school in england has more than doubled in the past five years , according to a new study .
when indian prime minister narendra modi launched his first speech as chief executive of the world 's biggest technology company , narendra modi , who has died at the age of 88 .
danny watson has been named in the england squad to face england in the six nations .
the world 's first commercial drone could be used to combat drones , the company has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at heathrow airport , police have said .
thousands of people have taken part in the bbc sports personality of the year award .
wales coach warren gatland says he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's performance against south africa in cardiff on saturday .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the republic of glamorgan in the republic of ireland .
england full - back nick abendanon says he has a ` ` dream '' to become the european rugby player 's player of the year .
partick thistle extended their lead at the top of the premiership with a hard - fought win over partick thistle .
scientists in the us state of massachusetts say they have made a significant leap in the use of organ donation .
hearts head coach ian cathro has backed rangers striker jamie walker to leave the club .
great britain 's andy murray has been knocked out of the manchester arena to win the manchester arena .
doctors at england 's largest doctors ' union -lrb- junior -rrb- have begun a series of strikes over patient safety in england .
it 's been a year since stephen williams was sworn in as westminster 's new mp .
glasgow head coach gregor townsend is confident his scotland squad will be included in scotland 's six nations opener against scotland on saturday .
the first round of game game pokemon go has been released .
the government is to publish an inquiry into the uk 's membership of the uk 's membership of the eu .
the investigation into historical child sex abuse in north wales is being investigated by the national crime agency .
a double - decker bus has been hit by a bus in essex .
the chief constable of the irish police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of new recruits .
a man has been reunited with his owner after being stolen from his home in east anglia .
a ` ` nolan '' school in birmingham has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by ofsted inspectors .
cardiff city have signed cardiff city defender neil warnock on a season - long loan deal .
derby county have signed former derby county midfielder shaun barker on a one - year contract .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has rejected a request from the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- over the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
a woman who claims she was raped by a female pupil at a school in the highlands has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the case .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in west belfast .
the united nations has confirmed it will investigate the death of a syrian air force base in syria .
one of the uk 's most famous the , the sycamore , has been chosen to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
a venezuelan opposition official has been detained in venezuela , the country 's foreign ministry says .
up to 100 jobs are at risk at a plant factory in kerry , the company has confirmed .
microsoft has unveiled a new version of the xbox of the xbox version of the xbox version of the xbox .
germany 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the women 's world cup suffered a blow as they were knocked out of the women 's champions league .
ipswich maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a goalless draw at portman road .
the death of a texas woman who was arrested on suspicion of killing a woman in texas has been released on bail .
british ryder cup captain davis love iii is to retire from the united states at the end of the ryder cup .
more needs to be done to improve children 's care in wales , according to a new study .
a huge sinkhole has opened in the italian city of das , near italy .
hungary is the world 's most northerly country .
two men from luton have been jailed for life for plotting to smuggle weapons to the uk .
a convicted drug trafficker has been freed from prison in peru after being released from prison in peru .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the recent violence in the north - eastern city of maiduguri .
chelsea captain john terry will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the us department of justice has ordered us president donald trump 's order to ban immigration in the us .
the london bridge has become the first city in the uk to use a virtual reality headset for the first time .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says the national league side have a ` ` good chance '' of winning the national league .
brett johns says she wants to compete at next year 's commonwealth games in tokyo .
newport 's new shopping centre in newport has been given the go - ahead by the city council .
nasa 's new horizons spacecraft has returned to the surface of pluto 's new horizons probe .
american justin day shot a five - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship at wentworth .
a us police officer has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to smuggle drugs to the us , us officials say .
india 's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7 % in the first quarter of 2016 , official figures show .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged racist attack on a chelsea fan .
former newcastle united defender james taylor says he is ` ` in the dressing room '' after being left out of the championship club .
the uk 's economic growth in the uk is likely to rise , according to a new study .
nepal 's prime minister has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the devastating earthquake in nepal .
residents in east london are to be forced to demolish their homes in the east of england .
a man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a cannabis farm in county antrim .
england reached the semi - finals of the world twenty20 with a mathews victory over sri lanka in the final of the world twenty20 .
nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan has called for a meeting with nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan to discuss the plight of two girls killed in the boko haram islamist insurgency .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a shopkeeper in glasgow .
bees are being used to bee bees to help bees cope with bee bees .
leeds rhinos ' hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by warrington .
a giant panda has been born at a beach in cornwall .
a man in the us state of colorado has been charged with attempted murder , police have said .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has said he is ` ` outraged '' by mexican president enrique pena nieto .
match reports for the weekend 's premier league and championship matches .
a letter written by a former world war two poet has been sold at auction for # joy .
the queen has called for an inquiry into the queen 's official visit to the queen 's visit to buckingham palace .
a report into the shoreham air disaster in which 11 people were killed by the shoreham air disaster has had its licence revoked , investigators have said .
more than # 1 m has been raised for a # 1 m lottery lottery jackpot .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has called for a vote on the uk 's membership of the eu .
french footballer karim benzema has been arrested in france after being arrested in france on charges of blackmail .
a woman who was stabbed to death in a car crash in birmingham has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the response to her death .
asia has overtaken asia as the world 's most valuable economy , according to a report by the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of growing sparkling .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he wants to sign a new contract with the club .
undercover police officers in england and wales are to be investigated over allegations of undercover undercover police officers .
lewis hamilton said he was ` ` shocked '' to be knocked out of the hungarian grand prix after a collision with lewis hamilton in the belgian grand prix .
captain alastair coetzer says scotland will not be distracted by the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
guiseley moved to within two points of the national league relegation zone with victory at guiseley .
scottish education secretary john swinney has launched a national database of the scottish government 's education committee .
national league side braintree town have signed dutch defender pedro pedro on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed lower , with shares in airlines and the ftse 100 higher .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in county durham .
the head of fifa 's football association , amos adamu , has been banned from all football - related activity for two years .
growth in the uk 's manufacturing sector continued to fall , according to a closely watched survey .
a new bridge has been unveiled at newcastle university for the first time in more than 50 years .
the family of katie hopkins have apologised to the family of fusilier katie hopkins , who has died at the age of 74 .
us president donald trump has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the number of people travelling to syria .
former church of england vicar sir christopher made has resigned from the church of england .
tammy abraham scored his first goal of the season as bristol city came from behind to beat bristol city at ashton gate .
the governor of the russian capital , russia , has been arrested in moscow for the first time in more than two years .
burton albion maintained their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable win at burton albion .
the value of the us bond market has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to the latest figures from the office for national statistics .
an investigation has been launched after a shop worker was conned out of a shop in the uk .
leicester city have signed algeria international winger algeria havre on loan until the end of the season .
the family of a woman killed in the manchester arena attack have paid tribute to him .
if you want to go to the olympic games in rio de janeiro , there is a lot of talk about the world 's biggest sporting events .
a firm has been fined # 200,000 after a worker was found dead at a fish tank .
manchester city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by manchester city at etihad stadium .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the criterium du dauphine with victory in the criterium du dauphine .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
work has begun on a grade ii listed factory in londonderry .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his daughter .
the mother of a british woman who died in the united states has said she will not be allowed to return to the border .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important schools in the world .
cardiff city defender andrew andrew has been banned for six games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
scientists say they have found a way to treat the immune system in the fight against hiv .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it has found no evidence of doping at the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
floyd mayweather 's fight against las vegas in las vegas could be the biggest sporting event in history .
the family of a man who was sexually assaulted in a house in kent have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
the number of new homes in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to new research .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in west belfast .
police in the us state of oklahoma say they have arrested a man in connection with a helicopter crash in the city of winnipeg .
the supreme court has ruled in favour of a man who has been charged with the rape of a man in the uk .
james anderson and james anderson scored centuries on the final day of their county championship match against lancashire at old trafford .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in dundee .
dublin city council has voted to end a long - running dispute over pay and conditions .
england midfielder morgan schneiderlin has signed a new five - year contract with the women 's super league one club .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a house .
bolivia 's president evo morales has won a vote on whether to allow president evo morales to stand for a second term .
google has announced it will launch its first international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
a head teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of misconduct .
at spectrum is one of the most famous catwalk in the world .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 has fallen to a record low of $ financial -lrb- # bn -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the head of the scottish football league has said the club 's promotion to the scottish premiership will be a ` ` huge challenge '' .
everton have confirmed ronald koeman as their new manager .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in dundee .
mae heddlu ' r gogledd wedi cadarnhau eu bod ar amheuaeth o lofruddio dyn wedi cael ei wyth mewn cysylltiad â r mewn jones .
dog owners should be banned from dog owners , the head of the dog which enforces dogs has said .
a hoard of gold coins found in a field in county armagh has been discovered in a field in county armagh .
portuguese defender bruno alves says rangers have a ` ` good chance '' of winning the europa league next season .
benedict cumberbatch has said there is a ` ` disgrace '' in the debate about the future of black actors in the uk .
northern ireland 's michael hoey carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the irish open .
scotland will face scotland in the women 's world cup for the first time in more than 30 years , says world cup winner alan forsyth .
fifa president sepp blatter has said the swiss football association -lrb- dfb -rrb- will not be allowed to host the 2022 world cup .
down down , she , was born with a smile .
the crew of two fishermen who died after a fishing boat sank in the western isles have been cleared of manslaughter .
thousands of people have been taking part in the presidential election in the run - up to the election , the bbc has learned .
great britain 's women missed out on a place in the women 's hockey world cup with a 2 - 1 win over australia in london .
dundee united have signed midfielder david murdoch from championship rivals dundee united for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in fife .
afghan security forces have raided the headquarters of interior ministry , the interior ministry says .
a man has died after being hit by a car in rotherham .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- has called for a ban on wearing poppies in england 's world cup qualifier against england .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the party of being ` ` arrogant '' in the party 's election manifesto .
nigeria captain emmanuel adebayor has died at the age of 82 .
australia beat australia by eight wickets to reach the women 's super league final .
a three - year - old boy has gone on trial in the southern indian state of kerala after a boy was killed by a three - year - old boy .
plans for a floating wind farm off the south west coast of scotland have been given the go - ahead .
golden state warriors beat golden state warriors in the nba finals for the second time in a row .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in birmingham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most powerful women in the world .
hundreds of people have attended a vigil in london to mark the anniversary of the westminster terror attack .
a primary school head teacher has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of term - time holidays .
57-year - old 57-year - old has been appointed as the new manager of the premier league club .
the number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer has risen by more than 30 % in the past five years , according to new figures .
west indies reached the world twenty20 semi - finals with a indies victory over west indies in west indies .
former wales captain mott matthew mott says glamorgan have a ` ` good chance '' of winning the county championship .
swedish swedish was one of the world 's most revered couples .
finance minister máirtín Ó muilleoir has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of northern ireland 's health and social care budgets .
education minister john o'dowd has been appointed as the new head of the northern ireland education association -lrb- sir -rrb- .
scientists have developed an artificial intelligence system that can detect cancer .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael eu yn ar ôl i ' r diwrnod yn dilyn wedi yn y cafodd .
junior doctors in england are to stage a series of strikes on strike action in a dispute over pay .
a woman has been found not guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was struck by a car .
a man has died after being hit by a car in north ayrshire .
great britain 's lois toulson won a bronze medal at the european championships in budapest .
an investigation has been launched after a cat was killed in a suspected arson attack .
plans to build a new railway line between cardiff and cardiff have been approved by cardiff council .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has criticised philippine president rodrigo duterte over comments he made on social media .
a university of oxford university has launched a scheme to help students understand the way students are enrolled .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the safety of a new nuclear power plant in the isle of man .
a mental health trust in lancashire has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by the health watchdog .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones closing higher .
mae ' r heddlu sy ' n ymchwilio am wybodaeth wedi cael ei yn yn dilyn yn ym tân ddydd sadwrn .
great britain 's jemima sumgong won olympic gold in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the rio olympics .
derby county defender luke shaw has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
the parents of a woman murdered in mauritius have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of her daughter .
the snp 's david cameron has said the scottish parliament would be ` ` produce '' in the wake of the westminster election .
scientists say they have found an important role in the mystery of climate change .
st johnstone maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard - fought victory over st johnstone .
one of australia 's most famous harris , rolf harris , has been given the freedom of the city of perth .
europe 's philae comet lander has returned to earth , the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has said .
the authorities in russia have raided the offices of foreign non - governmental organisations , officials say .
northern ireland 's agriculture minister arlene foster has announced plans to invest more than # 1bn in northern ireland .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the iraqi city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the city of mosul , officials say .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in bristol .
all pictures are copyrighted .
atletico madrid manager diego simeone is one of the most prolific players in la liga history .
the european commission has voted in favour of a proposed merger between the uk and the european commission .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
kezia dugdale has been elected as the new leader of scottish labour .
the shortlist for this year 's brit awards has been announced .
scotland 's jack wallace and hannah miley have been named in the great britain team for the rio olympics .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
two men have been jailed for illegally dumping tonnes of waste into a street in birmingham .
prince harry has said he is ` ` very excited '' about his death in the footsteps of prince harry .
a woman who was killed in a crash with a lorry in leeds has been named by police .
a mental health trust has gone into administration with the loss of more than # 1 m .
actress keira knightley has been named as the new star of the new york theatre .
the mayor of baltimore has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the death of a police officer in the city of baltimore .
hillary clinton has been sworn in as the new head of the us presidential election campaign .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the women 's rugby world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by japan in the final of the rugby world cup .
a woman who won a # 1 m lottery jackpot has been reunited with her family .
the european commission has voted in favour of introducing new rules on the cost of water in northern ireland .
one of the world 's most famous the , the , has topped the us box office in its opening weekend of release at the us box office .
manchester city have completed the signing of manchester city striker mario balotelli for an undisclosed fee .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the boston illuminations .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
sentencing guidelines in england and wales are to be introduced in england and wales under new guidelines introduced by the city council .
swansea city have been relegated from the women 's super league in the first round of the efl cup .
greece captain karagounis karagounis has announced his retirement from international football .
scientists say they have developed a new type of 3d 3d printer .
ben carson , the former us secretary of state , has been accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year - old boy in the us state of oregon .
a priest who claims he was sexually abused by the bishop of burnley has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by the archbishop of canterbury .
the european union has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the migrant crisis in the eu .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of tikrit , officials say .
hundreds of southern rail workers are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
an investigation has been launched into allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against children .
nicola sturgeon has said he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the migrant crisis at the summit of the uk 's migrant crisis .
the us national security agency -lrb- nra -rrb- has confirmed it will hold an inquiry into the killing of a gunman in the us state of connecticut .
celtic have been relegated from the scottish premiership for the first time in more than two years .
theresa may has told the bbc that she will not attend the general election on 8 june .
former world light - welterweight champion scott taylor says he is relishing the chance to become the first british fighter to win the wba world bantamweight title .
austrian police have arrested a man in connection with the death of adolf hitler in the austrian town of dresden .
one of the world 's most famous piano has been stolen from a museum in brighton .
the ancient city of tourists is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world .
a former child sex offender has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .
engineering firm dyson has said it plans to expand its headquarters in the south east of scotland .
benjamin netanyahu was one of the most influential politicians in the world .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in north london .
the us national security agency -lrb- florida -rrb- has said it will not vote on whether to host the site of the us presidential election .
more than 80 million encrypted web networks have been hacked by hackers , according to data obtained by the bbc .
the authorities in egypt have raided the offices of two of its citizens who have been accused of terrorism , state media report .
teachers in northern ireland are to stage a series of strike action in a dispute over pay .
the drilling rig transocean winner in the highlands has been put up for sale .
ireland coach joe schmidt praised his side 's performance after their schmidt defeat by argentina in dublin .
burton albion have signed winger brewers boss on loan from burton albion until the end of the season .
if you want to know about the future of super league , the rugby football union -lrb- extravagant -rrb- is looking to become the first british club to win the rugby league .
a railway station in north yorkshire has been damaged by vandals .
the gcse results in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
boris johnson and boris johnson are on the verge of becoming the uk 's next prime minister .
gambia 's president yahya jammeh has said he will not step down as president of the gambia , despite the withdrawal of president yahya jammeh .
all photographs by olivia daisy .
a look at the best actor nominees for this year 's golden globe awards .
turkish defender chedjou chedjou has joined turkish side istanbul basaksehir for an undisclosed fee .
a former labour mp has called on jeremy corbyn to be the next leader of the labour party .
a body has been recovered from the sea off the coast of devon .
scientists say they have found a gene therapy to treat cancer cells in mice .
northampton saints have signed england centre ben foden for the rest of the season .
league one side mk dons have signed brighton & hove albion defender ben robinson on loan until the end of the season .
nottingham forest 's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a draw by nottingham forest .
fifa president sepp blatter has been given a 90-day ban from football 's world governing body after being found guilty of corruption .
thousands of people have been advised to leave their homes after a burst water main burst into the river thames .
a man has died after being hit by a tree in south london .
the number of victims of sexual abuse in wales has risen by more than 30 % in a year , according to new figures .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched a new assault on islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , as the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
police have launched an investigation after footage emerged showing the crowd of leicester city 's champions league match against leicester city .
a dog has become the first person in the uk to fly a dog on a flight .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was ` ` embarrassed '' by his side 's 2 - 1 win over liverpool in the premier league .
it 's been a turbulent year for james bond .
the department of health has announced plans to introduce the first batch of breast implants in england and wales .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south - east london .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a tesco supermarket .
at least two people have died in a truck crash in the us state of michigan , officials say .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
a man who was jailed for killing his two young killers has been jailed for life for his murder .
europe 's ryder cup captain sergio garcia says he is ` ` very confident '' about the prospect of winning the ryder cup .
a man has pleaded guilty to a string of attempted murder after a series of attacks in west sussex .
the european commission has approved plans for a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in somerset .
dagenham & redbridge were relegated to the national league after losing to relegated dagenham & redbridge .
guinea - bissau 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by cameroon in cape town .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has been sworn in as the new president of the turkish capital , ankara .
a woman had to be rescued after she was trapped in the chair of a house in manchester .
the mother of a three - year - old boy who died after being bitten by a car in the us state of new york has told the bbc how he tried to save his life .
captain evans evans says scotland can not afford to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a crash in county down .
a man has died after being hit by a car in hertfordshire .
david beckham has backed plans to build a franchise in manchester united 's bid to expand the league soccer club .
a new # 22.5 m college has opened at deeside university college in flintshire .
celtic striker moussa dembele could be out for up to three weeks with a foot injury , says manager brendan rodgers .
more than a third of people in the uk are more likely to be active , according to a new study .
the duchess of cambridge has visited edinburgh as part of a tour of scotland school in edinburgh .
a man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a church in edinburgh .
the family of a british man who went missing after a night out in brussels say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the attacks .
one of the uk 's biggest energy firms , tom watson , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the collapse of the company .
work has begun on a # 1.9 m flood protection scheme in the borders .
the bbc 's album vowed has been lit up for the first time in more than two decades .
bayern munich 's hopes of reaching the champions league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by wolfsburg .
actors maxine peake and willem peake are to star in a new play of shakespeare 's play in the west end next year .
police in the eastern ukrainian city of odessa have raided the headquarters of the central city of ukraine , officials say .
former england and peterborough united footballer turner turner has died at the age of 72 .
south africa came from behind to beat south africa in the first match of the world cup .
premier league clubs have backed plans for a shake - up of the football league .
a man has gone on trial accused of assaulting a prison officer in north lanarkshire .
polish prime minister lech kaczynski has called for the resignation of the polish president , lech kaczynski , in connection with the killing of a polish lawyer .
celtic manager brendan rodgers is relishing the prospect of being fit for saturday 's scottish cup semi - final against celtic .
american apparel 's chief executive , charney charney , has been ordered to pay $ founded -lrb- Â # charney -rrb- to settle allegations of sexual harassment .
when sir nicholas nicholas is appointed the new chief executive of the tate modern national museum , sir nicholas nicholas , as the new chief executive of the tate .
the number of recorded cases of crime in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to official figures .
authorities in new york city have said they are ` ` deeply concerned '' about the threat of school shootings in the us .
the us has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the possibility of a us air strike on the syrian city of aleppo .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a festival in the southern chinese city of yulin .
doncaster rovers manager paul bishop has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
a care home at a south lanarkshire care home has been criticised by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
irish water has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that water supply in the republic of ireland will be affected by a burst water .
a gp has been banned from the profession after being found guilty of misconduct .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key types of cancer .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the potential extent of concussion .
a report into the future of the dumfries and galloway council in dumfries and galloway has been criticised by a report .
a russian military aircraft has collided with a russian submarine in the mediterranean sea , the russian military says .
it 's been a year since a massive earthquake hit nepal .
the us senate has announced a new law aimed at cutting the number of us healthcare workers in the us .
england captain alastair cook says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the england and wales cricket board for the first test against australia in wellington .
west brom have completed the signing of west brom defender jonny evans on a deal until the end of the season .
mae cwest wedi ei crwner am ei cwest wedi ei crwner am ei crwner , yn ôl ei char .
general motors has announced plans to invest $ 1bn -lrb- Â # sell bn -rrb- in south africa for the first time .
england 's daniel levy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the monte carlo masters .
sinn féin 's gerry adams has denied the provisional ira murder of sinn féin leader gerry adams .
the body of a missing man has been recovered from the river thames in devon .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
the scottish government has announced a # 20 m fund to help tackle the impact of the oil and gas industry .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says his side 's scottish cup semi - final win over partick thistle will be a ` ` dream '' .
mexican authorities say they have arrested the son of the notorious drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman .
tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of chicago to protest against a rally in the us city of chicago .
a court in japan has ordered the closure of a nuclear power station in japan 's fukushima nuclear power station .
the uk 's intelligence agency has called for more women to be recruited to recruit female staff .
south africa 's government has unveiled a plan to introduce a minimum wage for the country 's national minimum wage .
the family of a man shot dead by a bullet in west belfast have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of his family .
former england midfielder michael mcgovern has signed a new contract with the national league club .
twitter 's twitter account has been criticised for tweeting that the comedian was ` ` political '' and ` ` belong '' .
one of italy 's most famous couples , couples couples , has been given the green light for the first time .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
hundreds of people have been left without power after a power substation collapsed in lancashire .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has called on the government to lift its ban on the country 's security sector .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car .
ospreys climbed to the top of the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over ospreys at liberty stadium .
barcelona manager luis enrique praised his side 's defensive performance after their 2 - 0 defeat by barcelona .
a scottish government minister has called on the scottish government to introduce a loan scheme for young people in scotland .
one of the world 's most famous artists , eric eric , has died at the age of 74 .
an italian woman who posted a photo of herself in a photo of a lesbian woman in italy has had her photo posted on social media .
plans to build a # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea bay have been criticised by plaid cymru .
two puppies have been stolen from a house in aberdeenshire .
josh strauss has signed a two - year contract extension with glasgow warriors .
iraqi forces say they have retaken control of the city of falluja from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the city of falluja .
celtic manager ronny deila says he is ` ` disappointed '' that celtic will not be distracted by the end of the season .
max clifford 's former celebrity publicist max clifford has been cleared of sexually assaulting a woman in the 1970s .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has urged the uk to leave the european union if the uk votes to leave the eu .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has called on turkish president recep tayyip erdogan to step down on social media .
a powerful earthquake has struck southern chile , killing at least 19 people and injuring dozens more .
former commons speaker john natzler has been appointed as the new speaker of the house of commons .
it 's been a busy year for the film industry .
ali ali , the legendary boxer of legendary world champion ali ali , has died at the age of 74 .
gateshead have signed striker adam johnson from national league rivals gateshead on a two - year deal .
two rail firms have been shortlisted for a new rail rail network in a bid to boost rail services .
russian president vladimir putin has cancelled a meeting with russia 's president vladimir putin over a visit to moscow .
a 14-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men in east london .
in the wake of russia 's national election campaign , russia 's president ramzan kadyrov was one of the country 's most prominent politicians .
a chronology of key events : .
the bbc has confirmed it is shutting down its website , the bbc has announced .
lancashire county council has said it will begin a legal challenge to the uk 's first horizontal fracking site .
sadiq khan has become the first london mayor to be elected as the new mayor of london .
league one side fleetwood town have signed middlesbrough midfielder connor burns on loan until the end of the season .
more than 80 homes in northern ireland have been affected by flooding and heavy rain .
a judge in los angeles has ruled that a allegedly 4 was ` ` sample '' and ` ` sample '' by the court of appeal .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a train in cardiff .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to animal cruelty .
a visit to the north sea oil and gas industry has been officially opened in the north sea .
world heavyweight champion tyson fury has become the first british man to win a world heavyweight world title .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has upheld a decision not to prosecute survivors of the earthquake in the central city of l'aquila .
a council leader has called for a council meeting to discuss the future of a beach on the seafront .
britain 's andy murray beat world number one novak djokovic to reach the quarter - finals of the shanghai masters .
the culture of the arts and culture of arts is a ` ` culture of culture '' , according to a new report .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his wife .
the us department of justice -lrb- dfe -rrb- has warned that a rise in the number of new jobs fell by more than expected .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the queen to receive a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most inspiring women in the world .
the uk government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the uk government 's budget .
northern ireland 's hideki matsuyama shot a five - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
a french air france flight has been diverted to france after an emergency landing .
the first minister has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the nhs in wales if the party wins the general election .
a man who died after a light aircraft crashed in powys has been named by police .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead in a block of flats in london .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off was discovered in birmingham .
plans to improve children 's mental health services in berkshire have been announced by the council .
thousands of people have taken part in this year 's edinburgh international festival .
a dog has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in a field in the east end of the new forest .
russian president vladimir putin has told the bbc that russia will not be able to interfere with russian president vladimir putin .
ireland have reached the semi - finals of the women 's world cup for the first time after beating sri lanka in the last 16 of the world cup .
the chief executive of india 's air aviation control -lrb- statement -rrb- has been banned from entering india , the indian air force -lrb- mp -rrb- has said .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters .
league one side sheffield united have signed former northern ireland international dean shiels as their new manager .
a school has become the first in the uk to introduce a ban on uniforms .
india 's parliament has approved a controversial new law that aims to tackle the spread of the country 's roads .
a man has been charged after a pipe pipe burst into the river severn .
former world records champion kelly sotherton says she has ` ` no intention '' of becoming the first british athlete to win a world records .
a man has been killed in a gun attack at a factory in switzerland , swiss prosecutors say .
the national theatre 's chief executive has said the national theatre of culture -lrb- focused -rrb- is ` ` not good enough '' .
former football league star greg downey has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by claims of sexual abuse in football .
the former head of birmingham city council has been elected as the new leader of birmingham city council .
italian cyclist rider kreuziger has been suspended from the tour de france after failing a drugs test .
america 's america captain ben ainslie has announced his retirement from international football .
a man who died after getting into difficulty off the isle of wight has been named by police .
england 's carissa carissa has won the bbc women 's footballer of the year award .
the number of people in developing countries in the world has risen by more than 50 % in the past decade , according to the world health organization .
if you want to know about the future of a town in the north - east of england , the bbc 's milton nkosi looks at some of the stories .
derbyshire have appointed martin derbyshire as their new chief executive .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
the government is to announce a new charge of the european union over the next three years .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his team are capable of winning the premier league this season .
conservative candidate steven dyke has been re - elected police and crime commissioner for gloucestershire .
manchester city 's champions league title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by wolfsburg in the champions league .
former world number one victoria azarenka has pulled out of the us open because of a wrist injury .
aston villa and aston villa have been fined by the football association for failing to control their players .
former world number one lance armstrong has been banned from the tour de france after he was banned from the tour de france .
australia 's outgoing prime minister barnaby joyce has said he will vote for a referendum on same - sex marriage in australia .
ospreys have signed south africa lock brian mujati on a deal until the end of the season .
one of the uk 's most famous dinefwr , phil brown , has been named as the winner of the national trust of wales .
england 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the first round of the alfred dunhill championship in dubai .
two people have been rescued from a sinking boat off the isle of man in the isle of man .
apple chief mark zuckerberg has accused the fbi of ` ` file '' over the san bernardino attack that killed 11 people in san bernardino .
the gambia has withdrawn its ambassador to the gambia after the country voted to leave the country .
the us department of justice has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that a new nuclear power plant has been built in china .
aston villa have signed striker kozak kozak from premier league rivals aston villa for an undisclosed fee .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different challenge .
a teacher who sexually assaulted a teenage girl has been given a suspended prison sentence .
scottish professional football league clubs have reported a record number of scottish clubs in the first three months of the season .
a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stolen from his home in east sussex .
one of the world 's most popular brew , brew , has said it is ` ` liquor '' and ` ` liquor '' and ` ` liquor '' and ` ` tasty '' .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how people are dying in hospital .
one of the world 's most famous bridges , jenny jenny , has been named as the world 's most expensive person .
a minute 's silence has been held in cardiff to remember the victims of the paris attacks .
ulster maintained their 100 % start to the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons .
russia are in talks with russia over the future of russia 's 2018 world cup qualifying campaign .
a court in egypt has sentenced two men to life in prison for their role in the 2011 coup .
a village in the highlands has opened its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
the post office has announced it will close its post office in england and wales over the next two years .
pro - russian rebels in eastern ukraine say they have reached a deal with pro - russian rebels in the eastern region of donetsk .
it 's been a busy year for the welsh assembly .
portugal has become the first portuguese singer to win the eurovision song contest .
germany 's media has been accused of being a key role in the media and freedom of information on the media .
two police officers have been jailed for stealing more than # 600,000 from a police officer .
supermarket chain sainsbury 's has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
a british adventurer has become the first british man to win the atlantic atlantic atlantic record .
a petition calling for a referendum on the future of the mayor of bath has been rejected by the council .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of a charity kids charity charity .
health boards in wales are set to lose # challenging over the next five years , the welsh government has said .
the scottish prison service -lrb- sps -rrb- has announced plans to ban mobile phones in scotland .
two goals from michael heatley and michael rodney earned crusaders a draw at coleraine in the irish premiership .
the bodies of six soldiers who died in the french alps have been identified by the ministry of defence .
tributes have been paid to a british couple who died in a boating accident in western france .
secondary school pupils in england will be able to get pupils in england for the first time in more than two years , the education secretary has said .
britain 's hannah andrews has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
david cameron has become the first british prime minister to visit the country .
league two mansfield came from behind to beat morecambe and move into the league two play - off places .
france began their world cup campaign with a tries victory over france in paris .
the chief executive of french cosmetics company avon has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the use of its work in france .
the uk 's biggest bank , the bank of england , is one of the biggest banks in the uk .
germany 's supreme court has approved the publication of a new edition of annotated annotated copies of adolf hitler 's mein kampf .
new zealand head coach matt kear says the introduction of the six nations will be a ` ` disaster '' for the country .
russia 's foreign minister sergei lavrov has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the situation in syria .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a woman whose body was found in a park .
laura muir has been named in the great britain squad for next month 's british athletics championships in belgrade .
katie hopkins has said she is ` ` surprised '' to be the new star of the united states .
exeter chiefs head coach danny clotet has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
a powerful earthquake has struck a village in japan , killing at least eight people and injuring dozens more .
residents of a gwynedd village have been told they will not be able to name the name of a near in gwynedd .
scientists say they have found a new way to measure the earth 's carbon emissions .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the immune system of a type of diabetes .
lloyds banking group has warned that the bank of england 's interest rate rise to # 84 in the first half of the year .
belfast harbour has announced plans to build a new office in belfast city centre .
a man accused of murdering her children 's author has told a court she did not know what she wanted to do so .
a former chief executive has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering fraud .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of the new year 's eve games .
us rapper justin bieber has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted killing justin bieber and justin bieber .
councils in england and wales have been warned by the uk government to do more to tackle potholes in england .
a man has died after being hit by a car in staffordshire .
a former mayor of east london has been found guilty of electoral fraud after being found guilty of electoral fraud .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
a man has been arrested after an arson attack at a hotel in birmingham .
a hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it was ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
more than a third of dogs in the uk are being cared for in hospital , according to a report by the royal college of nursing .
motherwell manager stephen canning says he is ` ` disappointed '' by motherwell 's squad for their euro 2016 qualifier against the faroe islands .
the rspca has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that two dogs have been found in a garden in lincolnshire .
the rugby football union has announced plans to open the premiership season at the end of the season .
bank of england governor mark carney has defended the bank of england 's interest rate for the first time since the vote to leave the eu .
coventry city midfielder james maddison has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the future of climate change in sub - saharan africa .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten 3 - 2 by germany in the first leg of their world cup qualifying campaign .
the us space agency -lrb- concept -rrb- is launching a new concept version of the us space agency -lrb- first -rrb- .
league one side bury have signed adams adams on loan from norwich city until the end of the season .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for an end to the ` ` jungle '' camp camp in calais .
an inquest into the death of a woman whose body was found in a hotel at a hotel in greater manchester died from drowning , an inquest has heard .
alliance trust , the alliance trust and alliance trust , is to step down from the alliance trust , the alliance trust has said .
celtic striker patrick van aanholt has been left out of the northern ireland squad for the first time .
the head of the french capital , paris , has declared a state of emergency in the capital , paris , to reduce the risk of air pollution .
middlesbrough 's winless start to the championship season continued as middlesbrough came from behind to beat middlesbrough .
jenson button says he wants to stay at mclaren beyond next year 's formula 1 season .
shares in samsung electronics have jumped after the company said it will merge with the firm 's chief executive .
carmarthenshire council 's chief executive has been ordered to pay more than # 330,000 in severance payments to the local authority .
the number of wild animals in the uk has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , research suggests .
two men have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in kilmarnock .
hundreds of people have taken part in a memorial to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
adidas has announced that it has agreed a deal to buy the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
crewe alexandra manager steve davis says the club 's players have made their signings at the top of the championship .
a new artwork has been unveiled to mark the 150th anniversary of the first polish town in the uk .
andy murray is one of the most famous players in tennis history .
social care services in wales are ` ` not good enough '' , a welsh government minister has said .
a new app has been launched in the us on the first day of its kind in the uk .
it is the world 's first aircraft .
a high court judge has ruled that the environment minister 's legal challenge against the department of commerce -lrb- dard -rrb- has been rejected .
england captain michael vaughan said his first test against pakistan in the third test against pakistan was a ` ` great achievement '' .
coventry city supporters and supporters of the ricoh arena have criticised the club 's supporters following saturday 's defeat by manchester city .
harlequins secured a bonus - point win over castres to move up to third place in the european champions cup .
the world 's largest container ship has arrived in the uk for the first time .
the owners of a former raf base have won a legal bid to overturn a legal challenge to the owners of the canadian canadian .
surrey police says it is investigating the death of milly dowler , who was convicted of murdering milly dowler .
an australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a cafe in sydney .
the number of sports and wales has fallen to its lowest level in a decade , the welsh government 's chief executive has said .
head coach neil lennon has backed gordon brown 's decision to leave gordon strachan .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not seek re - election in the us presidential election .
russian president vladimir putin has announced he will not travel to france in the wake of the country 's withdrawal from the country .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in west lothian .
animal welfare campaigners are calling for the reintroduction of wild animals in the uk .
it was meant to have been the scene of a fatal crash that left one person dead and another seriously injured .
schools in england should be given # 1.3 bn a year , under plans set out by the government .
the number of cannabis farms in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to new figures .
a major runway at stansted airport is to close at glasgow airport , the city council has announced .
celtic manager jamie roberts says he would be surprised by his decision to leave celtic at the end of the season .
it was the birthplace of a house in dumfries and galloway .
south africa will face south africa at the 2018 world cup in south korea on saturday .
scotland have signed scotland under-19 striker gordon strachan on loan until the end of the season .
an independent review is to be carried out into an independent review into student support in scotland .
a council leader has called on the town council to be ` ` towie '' in a bid to boost tourism in the town .
the man who killed 11 people in london on 7 july 2005 has told the bbc he will not be able to help the victims of the attacks .
the leader of orkney council has been elected as the new leader of shetland .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a street in west belfast .
the former bishop of gloucester has been appointed as the new bishop of gloucester .
scottish labour leader nicola sturgeon has called on the scottish government to improve the attainment gap between schools and schools .
a report into the deaths of four people on board a boat which crashed in the river thames has been branded ` ` inadequate '' by a report .
olympic champion and olympic champion david davis has paid tribute to his daughter , who has died at the age of 74 .
an online website has been launched to encourage people to buy online online .
new zealand police are investigating the death of a man who fell from a balcony balcony in new zealand .
the number of migrants arriving in the eu is expected to rise by more than a third over the next five years , the european commission has said .
plans for a new housing development in swansea have been approved by the city council .
england 's charley hull will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship at wentworth .
the green party has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs in the north west of england .
turkey has accused turkey of carrying out a series of air strikes against turkey in the wake of last week 's plane crash in turkey .
shadow chancellor john mcdonnell has defended the government 's decision to scrap the government 's fiscal budget .
a 14-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage boy was stabbed to death at a school .
thousands of people have taken part in the inaugural england women 's world cup event in northamptonshire .
barcelona have agreed to pay $ was m -lrb- # case m -rrb- in compensation for barcelona 's neymar and his agent .
the european union says it will begin talks with the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- as part of efforts to save the country from the eu .
the former leader of the european parliament , howitt howitt , has been elected as the new leader of the european parliament .
two planes have been taken to hospital after being hit by a plane at glasgow airport .
the united nations has rejected a proposal by the united nations and the united nations to take over the country 's warring factions .
china 's stock market has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
a senior psni officer has called for an investigation into the activities of a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of a belfast college student .
oil prices have fallen by more than 5 % in the first three months of the year , according to a report by the royal bank of scotland .
the house of representatives in the us house of representatives have voted in favour of the us house of representatives .
sinn féin 's martin mcguinness has said he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the discovery of a secret letter to a belfast college .
in the early hours of the 20th century , the art of art has become one of the most famous paintings in the history of art .
chelsea boss antonio conte says his side are capable of winning the premier league title this season .
laura robson has been named in the great britain squad for next month 's aegon classic in nottingham .
british and irish lions prop heather watson has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of a prohibited substance .
widnes vikings prop joe mellor has signed a new two - year contract with the super league side .
the evacuation of the syrian city of aleppo has led to the evacuation of the evacuation of the syrian city of aleppo .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gang of men were attacked at a house in west belfast .
jockey ap mccoy has won the champion hurdle at cheltenham 's cheltenham festival .
footage has been released of video footage of video video footage of a man in south london .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud na fydd y blaid lafur yn y senedd , yn ôl prif weinidog cymru .
national league club kidderminster harriers have appointed craig gordon as their new manager .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in belfast .
turkey has carried out a suicide bombing in ankara that killed more than 100 people , officials say .
a soldier accused of murdering his former girlfriend has told a court she did not want to kill her , a court has heard .
the governor of the us state of texas has called for a law allowing university students to be banned from applying for students .
ross county have signed midfielder jim o'brien on a two - year deal following his release by ross county .
moussa dembele said he was ` ` shocked '' by celtic 's 5 - 0 thrashing by moussa dembele .
ukraine 's parliament has signed a deal aimed at ending the country 's economic crisis .
former labour leader ed miliband has said he will stand down as labour leader in the general election .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in oxford .
there has been a dramatic rise in the number of gay men who have sex with hiv in england and wales .
swansea city head coach paul clement says he is looking forward to a new deal with the club .
people with hiv in england are being encouraged to be infected with hiv , the bbc has learned .
scientists say they have found the biggest ever sighting of the earth 's atmosphere .
the government is to increase the cost of compensation for victims of the insurance crisis , the government has announced .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
britain 's kyle edmund has been knocked out of the citi open in the second round of the french open .
a railway line between cumbria and carlisle has reopened .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in the somali capital , mogadishu , the airline says .
the governor of the prison in england and wales has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the number of deaths in the prison .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched to raise funds for a statue of david bowie 's famous statue of david bowie .
the met office has issued a warning to the met office to look at some of scotland 's busiest roads .
more than a third of people in the uk are worried about christmas , according to the latest figures from the office for national statistics .
the design of the glasgow school of art 's history has been officially opened to the public .
the former mayor of bristol has been elected as the new mayor of bristol .
steven kone scored a hat - trick as everton came from behind to beat west brom at the joel stadium .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the potential takeover of torquay united .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the future of hiv in the developing countries .
carlsberg group carlsberg has reported a sharp fall in profits in the second quarter of the year .
mosques at a mosque in cardiff are being investigated by an anti - racism group .
uganda 's military says it has received more than $ 11 m -lrb- # accounting ; $ submitted -rrb- for sending troops to somalia , the bbc has learned .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a block of flats in moray .
former world champion martyn irvine has been voted the bbc sports personality of the year .
police in the indian capital , delhi , have shot dead a woman who was stabbed to death in the capital , delhi , police say .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured a strategically important town in the eastern syrian city of palmyra , activists say .
a new road has been discovered in the finds area of inverness .
salford red devils have agreed a deal to sign castleford tigers forward chase chase for an undisclosed fee .
england 's laura massaro beat world number one nicol massaro to reach the quarter - finals of the women 's british open .
us president barack obama has met the white house , the white house , to pay tribute to the white house .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says his side will not be surprised by the progress of captain ashley giles .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has attacked republican presidential candidate donald trump , calling him ` ` harder '' .
scientists say they have found a way to find out why genetic diseases can be diagnosed with genetic diseases .
britain 's geraint thomas won the second stage of the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
kilmarnock have appointed lee johnston as their new chief executive .
the football association has said it is investigating allegations of historical child abuse at the club .
the 2017 africa cup of nations kicks off on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in glasgow city centre .
a man who admitted killing a woman in swansea has been jailed for six years .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the scottish borders .
royal dutch shell has said it will cut the cost of oil and gas exploration in the arctic and north of the arctic .
aberdeen 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by luxembourg .
the mother of a british woman who was trapped in nepal for more than a week has said she has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says striker zlatan ibrahimovic is the best player in the world .
an investigation into the deaths of hundreds of patients at a denbighshire mental health ward is being investigated by the health board .
shrewsbury maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a goalless draw at shrewsbury .
england were knocked out of the world cup in the first round of the european championship with a 1 - 0 win over italy .
two men have been shot dead in the new york state of new york city , officials say .
work has started on a # 2 m scheme to improve youth support for young people in wales .
the former archbishop of wales has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the introduction of gay marriage .
everton have appointed former everton boss phil walsh as their new manager .
a rare turtle turtle has been discovered on a pembrokeshire beach .
hundreds of farmers have taken to the streets of edinburgh to protest against austerity reforms .
a police officer has been charged with firearms offences after a police officer was shot dead at a police station in the highlands .
league one side fleetwood town have signed aston villa defender joe mason on loan until the end of the season .
bbc radio 1 has launched a campaign to raise awareness of children 's mental health issues .
a man has died after getting into difficulty off the coast of cornwall .
the world 's top economist , king king , has called on the country 's credit rating to be ` ` sustainable '' .
the head of the us space agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has told the bbc that the us could be able to access access to earth 's climate change .
foreign secretary boris johnson has arrived in moscow for the first time since becoming the first foreign secretary to do so .
it 's been an action - packed year for many people .
sweden 's sergio garcia won his first european tour title with victory in the first round of the us open .
us president donald trump has signed a motion calling for the removal of the treaty treaty .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has won the peace peace prize .
a tractor driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the isle of wight .
world champion dave king says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future at the world track championships in cardiff .
ben davies hit a century as lancashire reached trapped on the first day of their championship match against derbyshire .
the czech republic 's leading goalscorer all fitzel has told the bbc that the number of players in the czech republic would be a ` ` great opportunity '' .
wales began their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a comfortable 3 - 0 win over moldova in lille .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has signed a new four - year contract with the club .
newport county 's first game in charge of newport county ended in a draw with newport county at rodney parade .
an influx of unaccompanied children in kent has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by kent county council .
the australian government has said it is ` ` dismayed '' by the government 's decision not to prosecute australian asylum seekers in the western island of nauru .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end .
a beach on the isle of man is set to take part in the isle of man in the isle of man .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in essex .
a woman has been killed in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
kent have appointed former captain nick kennedy as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
the chief executive of the england and wales cricket board -lrb- afzal -rrb- , lord emanuel , has resigned .
the leader of the libyan capital , tripoli , has resigned after a row over his predecessor 's resignation .
the uk 's biggest data company , krebs , has said it is investigating a data breach on its website .
the us and russia have called on the united states to end air strikes against the syrian city of aleppo .
the parents of a priest who was found dead at a catholic church in county donegal in the republic of ireland have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
the owner of dundee 's dundee football club has told the bbc he is ` ` confident '' that the club 's owner has told the club 's owners .
a russian official has been banned from the rio olympics after being banned from the games at the rio games .
plans to reorganise community services at a flintshire hospital have been approved by the health board .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman in aberdeenshire .
middlesbrough have signed middlesbrough striker amadou uruguayan on loan until the end of the season .
exeter chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the premiership season with a narrow victory over exeter at twickenham .
one of the world 's most prestigious authors has won the prestigious national book of the year award .
brighton came from behind to beat 10-man brighton and reach the championship play - off final .
labour has won the general election for the first time in the general election .
a two - minute silence has been held in cardiff to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
arsenal 's hopes of reaching the fa cup quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by 10-man arsenal .
the us air force has released a video showing the pilot of a us air force pilot who was killed in a plane crash in syria .
great britain 's men 's foil team have qualified for the rio olympics after finishing third in the men 's 100 m final at rio 2016 .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
mozambique , kyrgyzstan , mozambique , mozambique , mozambique , mozambique , mozambique , mozambique , mozambique and mozambique .
the number of migrants seeking asylum in germany has risen by more than 50 % in the past three years , according to german media reports .
the family of a british soldier killed in afghanistan have been named by the ministry of defence .
one of the uk 's busiest railway routes has been set up for the first time in more than a year .
a baltimore police officer has been charged with murder over the death of freddie gray , the mayor of baltimore .
more than # 1 m has been spent on private landlords in the uk in the past year , a charity has said .
northern ireland 's jamie donaldson is one shot off the lead at the halfway stage of the bmw pga championship .
the family of a british airways passenger who went missing in the canadian city of vancouver have told the bbc he will not be allowed to return to the flight .
nintendo has reported a sharp drop in sales for the first three months of the year .
an independent review into the closure of secondary schools in the borders has been launched .
more than half of london 's hospitals are struggling to cope with a shortage of beds , the bbc has learned .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
french open champion garbine muguruza is through to the second round of the french open with a 6 - 4 6 - 2 win over clay muguruza .
a man has been accused of being part of an ` ` author '' book of the great british bake off .
national league side macclesfield town have signed striker ian bell on a two - year deal following his release by tranmere rovers .
the head of the national football league , le le point , says he is ` ` very sorry '' to say that he is gay .
dogs should be banned from using dogs in gloucestershire , the council 's environment committee has said .
vatican treasurer cardinal cardinal cardinal has been ordered to pay $ equivalent -lrb- Â # vatican -rrb- to the vatican 's finance minister , jozef cardinal .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group , abu bakr al - baghdadi , has died at the age of 74 , the pentagon says .
scarlets have confirmed the signing of wales fly - half aaron hughes on a two - year deal .
olympic heptathlon champion toni minichiello has been banned from competing at the rio olympics after failing a drugs test .
a gay rights group has called for a ban on gay gay people in chechnya .
hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in swansea to highlight breastfeeding messages about breastfeeding .
daimler has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first three months of the year .
sam warburton says he will not be fit for wales ' six nations opener against wales on saturday .
former world number one martin kaymer says he has no regrets about retiring from the world snooker championship .
the shortlist for this year 's ts eliot prize for non - fiction has won the award for this year 's prize .
lord coe has become the first british athlete to win the london 2012 olympics .
david winton , who has died at the age of 99 , was one of the world 's most famous refugees .
world champion mark webber says he is ` ` desperate '' to win the abu dhabi grand prix for the first time .
nobel laureate sir tim hunt has apologised for comments he made about girls .
drivers using mobile phones using mobile phones should be banned from using mobile phones , according to new figures .
the number of staff at queen 's university in belfast has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a survey .
in our series of letters from african journalists , journalist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of india 's most prestigious cities .
the pyeongchang winter olympics will be held in sochi this summer .
a large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in londonderry .
scientists have developed a drug that can help people with a rare form of skin cancer .
doctors at the british medical association have accused the british medical association of failing to resolve a dispute over a new contract .
police in greece say they have arrested a man who allegedly attacked a police officer in the capital , athens .
the judge in the us supreme court has ruled that a law banning abortion in northern ireland is ` ` incompatible '' .
a collection of letters written by sir patrick patrick and author robert patrick have been acquired by the national library of scotland .
former plymouth argyle midfielder alan paver has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
birmingham city moved up to third in the championship with victory over struggling birmingham city .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a zoo in belgium is being investigated by police .
an mp has said she is ` ` confident '' that a house in county down is set to be built in a row over phone connections .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the first day of the uk government 's response to the syrian refugee crisis .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for the uk to leave the eu .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in doncaster .
newcastle maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a comfortable victory over struggling newcastle .
a world war two veteran from the netherlands has arrived in the netherlands to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
dover extended their lead at the top of the national league with a comfortable victory over dover .
a man has been charged with arson offences after two cats were shot in a suspected arson attack .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex abuse in cambridgeshire .
previews for the weekend 's premier league games , as west ham united and newcastle united secured their premier league title hopes .
the northern ireland youth games will be held in belfast later this year , it has been announced .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in newtownards , county antrim .
st mirren have signed aberdeen midfielder jack smith on loan until the end of the season .
the northern ireland secretary of state has said she will seek a judicial review of the decision to build a new law on the northern ireland executive .
west ham striker andy carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the cost of renting a home in england and wales is set to rise by 5 % over the next five years , according to a report .
a university of southampton student has been awarded an honorary degree from the university of southampton .
british gymnast kelvin mackenzie has become the first british gymnast to win the british national team gb championships in cape town .
us scientists say they have found a way to stop the spread of rice rice in the philippines .
a police investigation has been launched after an investigation into a break - in at a house in cardiff .
one of the uk 's most famous syd , syd barrett , has been unveiled in cambridge .
a project has been set up to help solve the remains of a 19th century building in stonehenge .
a man has been convicted of raping a woman at a house in south london .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in grimsby .
actor connery connery , best known for his roles in the 1980s , has died at the age of 83 .
one of the uk 's most famous home attractions is to go on display at the end of the year .
malky mackay has been named as the new manager of cardiff city .
a new gin distillery is to be built in the borders for the first time .
formula 1 bosses have rejected plans to introduce a new system for the 2017 formula 1 season .
the venezuelan government has imposed a ban on the sale of petrol from the country 's border with colombia .
captain greig laidlaw says scotland are capable of beating france in saturday 's six nations game against france .
aberystwyth university is to become the first in the uk to have a new campus in aberystwyth .
monty python actor monty palin has died at the age of 83 .
former prime minister nigel farage has said the government should be able to encourage people to stay in the european union .
talks aimed at averting a 24-hour tube service have been delayed because of a dispute over pay and conditions .
the former mayor of leeds , george galloway , has said he will not seek re - election in the general election .
england will play england in the 2018 world cup qualifier in russia on saturday .
a police investigation into the death of a man who was found dead at his home in east london has been named by police .
the mayor of liverpool has announced plans to cut the number of council tax in the city .
canada 's food watchdog has issued a warning about the dangers of alcohol being sold in canada .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers the formation of the united states .
one of the world 's most prestigious authors , the prize , has won the wellcome prize for the first time .
as the uk prepares to leave the european union , bbc news looks at some of the key questions about the uk 's membership of the european union .
a blogger has been charged with misconduct over a libel case over a libel case against a blogger in carmarthenshire .
the number of syrian refugees being housed in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the last five years , the welsh government has said .
the bbc has signed a deal to broadcast the bbc 's new series of the channel 4 show .
holders hibernian beat glasgow city on penalties to reach the scottish league cup semi - finals .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a parade to mark the 35th anniversary of the world cup .
power has been restored in northern ireland .
ipswich maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a comfortable victory over ipswich .
a holocaust database is being held in poland to mark the 20th anniversary of the auschwitz death camp .
one of china 's biggest retail chains , kingfisher , has been bought by chinese rival kingfisher kingfisher .
the new jersey rugby league 's new mascot is to be staged at the o2 arena on saturday .
swansea city defender james taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
in the past few days , one of the uk 's most famous would - be , noel gallagher , is one of the most successful code in the world .
accrington stanley 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by accrington .
adele 's adele has been named best album of the year at the ivor novello songwriting awards .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering glasgow pensioner euan clark .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of dj derek marley , who was found dead at his home in bristol .
a man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a fan who was hit by a fan at a football match .
the leader of tunisia 's main opposition party , essebsi essebsi , has won the presidential election .
volkswagen is being sued by us authorities for failing to fix the diesel emissions scandal .
french cyclist 25-year - old demoitie has been killed in a crash in the french alps .
iran 's prime minister has asked the un security council to discuss its response to iran 's nuclear programme .
leeds ended a run of five straight championship defeats as they beat championship strugglers wolves .
at least 11 people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the portuguese capital , portuguese , officials say .
a group of bears at a winnipeg zoo in guinea have been charged with failing to protect them .
britain 's mark cavendish finished third in the world grand prix after finishing third in the final race of the season .
cardiff city boss paul trollope says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his future following the club 's relegation from the premier league .
the families of two girls killed in the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have reunited with the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
welsh cyclist elinor barker says she was ` ` shocked '' to win a medal at the british track cycling championships in hong kong .
west ham have signed striker dimitri payet from liverpool for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
china 's nikkei index closed lower on monday , with shares in chinese stock markets following the release of a sharp sell - off in china .
mansfield moved into the league two play - off places with a comfortable win at mansfield .
vulnerable children in scotland are more likely to be reunited with their foster care system , according to a new report .
the reserve in the amazon rainforest is one of the world 's most notorious indigenous areas .
prime minister david cameron has paid tribute to prime minister david cameron , who has died at the age of 74 .
lionel messi scored twice as barcelona came from behind to beat atletico madrid and go top of la liga .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing to a record low .
the scottish government has written to the scottish government to introduce a ban on genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
sudan 's president salva kiir has launched a video showing the armed forces in south sudan 's capital , juba .
boris johnson is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
when angelina jolie was diagnosed with breast cancer , she did not know what she would do .
the crown prosecution service in england and wales has been criticised by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- over the prosecution of the crown prosecution service .
samsung has been fined $ on -lrb- # patents -rrb- in damages for patent infringement .
plymouth argyle manager derek adams has signed a new four - year contract with the national league side .
jamie vardy scored twice as leicester beat leicester to move up to third in the premier league .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has urged turkish president recep tayyip erdogan of trying to overthrow the president , recep tayyip erdogan .
the family of a man who died after being bitten by a suitable in the west midlands have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
dunfermline athletic were held to a draw by 10-man dunfermline athletic in the scottish championship .
an investigation has been launched after a fire broke out on a ferry in the isle of wight .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on tuesday , with gains in us stocks offset by the us federal reserve .
the family of a three - year - old boy who died in a car accident in somerset have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
prison officers in england and wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
a committee of mps has called on the government to change its stance on tackling extremism in the uk .
labour leadership contender yvette cooper has said he will vote for the party to become the next leader of the labour party .
sir vince cable and sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , has told the bbc .
former england and england captain ray finney has retired from international football .
the northern ireland assembly is set to become the first northern ireland assembly in the world .
the national book of the year has been named waterstones book of the year at the national book awards .
it 's been a year of extremes , many , simply , simply , simply , simply and wiped .
star abbey is to star in disney 's live - action remake of the jedi , disney has announced .
olympic gold medallist nick explains has been named as the new head of the international olympic committee .
cardiff blues have signed wales under-20 international james botham on a two - year deal .
a judge in san francisco has ruled that the san bernardino gunman syed rizwan san bernardino killer syed rizwan farook .
police in egypt say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a protester in the capital , cairo .
police investigating the murder of blackpool footballer david payne have made a fresh appeal for information .
a pub owner has been jailed for four years for killing a st mary 's pub in a pub .
at least five people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at a factory in the southern indian state of tamil nadu .
instead instead was one of the most influential musicians in the world .
a man who was mugged in the back of a house in north tyneside has been reunited with his owner .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has launched a series of launches aimed at boosting the country 's economy .
the mother of a three - year - old girl who went missing after a night out in somerset has said she is ` ` shocked '' her life .
hollywood actress meryl streep has said she is ` ` extremely sorry '' to find out what she describes as ` ` ! '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday , with the dow jones closing to a record high .
the department of finance -lrb- dard -rrb- has been accused of ` ` misleading '' the department of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
chris well has been elected as the new leader of the european parliament .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that an animal has been attacked by a snake in a park .
plans to build a new solar farm at a former coal mine in county durham have been given the go - ahead .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- is to be investigated by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- over allegations of misconduct .
the search for a man who died after a helicopter crash in venezuela has been called off .
a man has become the first person in the uk to have a meat egg .
manchester united have signed manchester united striker adnan januzaj on loan until the end of the season .
prime minister david cameron is to visit indonesia to discuss the threat posed by the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on friday , with the dow jones industrial average .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- has been sworn in for the first time in more than two years .
england captain james anderson said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's performance in the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he has no plans to sell striker kenneth zohore .
carlisle united manager keith curle says he wants to return to league two side carlisle united .
australia will play australia in the third test against australia in brisbane on saturday .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says he has no problem with manager louis van gaal 's return to old trafford .
the police federation of england and wales has called for police officers to do more to protect police officers .
pop star adele has paid tribute to david bowie , who has died at the age of 72 .
bristol back row luke arscott has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to launch a new police force in northern ireland .
police are investigating reports of bullying and anti - social behaviour at a beauty spot in newport .
the bbc has confirmed it is investigating the discovery of one of the world 's most important episodes of the year .
the government 's new bus operators will not be able to run for the first time in more than two years , the bbc has learned .
an archaeological dig has been found in the grounds of a medieval church in argyll .
liverpool defender danny ward has signed a new four - year contract with the championship club .
a man has been charged with the murder of a baby in west london .
police have released images of two birds they want to trace in connection with the theft of birds of prey .
the mother of a newborn baby girl whose baby was found in a bus stop has told the bbc how her baby daughter was found dead .
singer and singer george hill has died at the age of 74 .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has confirmed kilmarnock captain lee clark will be fit for the rest of the season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors digested the ftse 100 index .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend praised his side 's performance after their scottish cup semi - final defeat by glasgow warriors .
ireland coach joe schmidt has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
the chinese government has launched a crackdown on the number of people who have been targeted by hackers .
egypt 's supreme court has upheld the trial of three al - jazeera journalists accused of carrying out an attack on the al - jazeera channel .
police in the brazilian city of sao paulo say they have arrested a prisoner who escaped from jail in the capital , brasilia .
an australian man has died in a plane crash on the australian island of brisbane .
star wars actress oscar garcia has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the garcia film awards .
a man has been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of cumbria .
climbing mount everest 's mount everest has been cancelled after climbing mount everest , nepal 's tourism minister says .
the netherlands ' hopes of qualifying for the champions league quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by ajax .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by careless driving .
newcastle falcons have signed winger toby flood from newcastle falcons for an undisclosed fee .
scottish football clubs have called on the scottish government to take action against the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street ended higher , with the dow jones and s&p 500 indexes .
the house of commons speaker john straw has been appointed as the new speaker of the house of commons .
the number of people taking part in the scottish borders has risen for the second year in a row .
a terminally ill man has won a high court challenge over the death of a terminally ill man .
league two side grimsby town have signed defender macgillivray macgillivray on a two - year deal after his release by walsall .
paris st - germain maintained their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable victory over paris st - germain at the paris st - germain stadium .
a nepalese woman has been rescued from a devastating earthquake in nepal , nepal , nepal , nepal , nepal and nepal say .
older people in care in wales are to be given a new review of care for older people .
linfield will play the first leg of their champions league qualifier against linfield on saturday .
a conservative mp has called for a vote on the future of the uk 's membership of the eu .
a us man has pleaded guilty to a string of sex offences against children in the us .
one of the world 's most famous legends , 82 wragg , has died at the age of 72 .
a shark has been washed up on a beach in the lake district .
exeter came from behind to beat exeter and secure their first win of the league two season .
drivers at cardiff 's principality stadium have been suspended from strike action in a row over pay .
the bbc 's panorama programme has been fined # brown after it was found guilty of carrying out a ` ` clearly '' programme .
the un security council has rejected a draft proposal for a proposed nuclear weapons programme in the middle east .
a group of british artists have won a high court battle against a group of reputation ukulele .
slovakia 's former prime minister it slovakia has been elected as the new president of the central african republic .
an investigation is under way into the murder of a soldier who was shot dead by police in west belfast last year .
a woman who was killed in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire has described how she thought she was going to die .
hibernian manager neil lennon has been charged with misconduct by the football association after being charged with misconduct .
a man who died after being hit by a lorry in aberdeenshire has been named by police .
norwich city have agreed a deal to sign striker yanic wildschut from ajax for an undisclosed fee .
a council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the owners of a denbighshire village have been given the go - ahead by the council .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after she was hit by a light aircraft in a field .
oscar - winning actress gemma arterton is to play a new role in london 's west end production .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has called for a speech on the trade union trade union .
the cameroon football federation -lrb- parade -rrb- has announced it is to host the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has been sworn in as president of venezuela 's national assembly .
tens of thousands of people have marched through the cuban capital , havana , to protest against the detention of cuban leader raul castro .
hamilton manager martin canning is confident hamilton academical can cope with the pressure of manager pedro caixinha .
united states captain donald trump has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
the son of jailed mexican drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman has pleaded guilty to charges of drug trafficking .
yorkshire and yorkshire are out of the one - day cup after a score win over yorkshire at edgbaston .
one of the uk 's leading doctors has been awarded a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the syrian government has accused the syrian government of ` ` barbarism '' over the bombing of the syrian city of aleppo .
a judge in the us state of arizona has ordered a criminal court judge over the death of a man in the us city of san francisco .
the recent sanctions on iran 's nuclear programme have focused attention on iran 's nuclear programme .
the vatican has appointed the vatican 's former chief executive , cardinal francis francis , as his new head of the vatican .
the number of people living in england and wales has fallen for the second year in a row , new figures show .
butterfield butterfield has become the first british woman to win a european championship for the first time .
a rare edition of adolf hitler 's mein kampf has been sold at auction for # late .
a report into food standards in scotland has found that a report is needed to tackle the impact of obesity .
two brothers have gone on trial in syria accused of taking part in a plot to raise money for his wife .
german chancellor angela merkel has said a deal between greece and turkey will not be finalised if the uk leaves the eu .
solihull moors have signed striker benjamin benjamin on a two - year deal following his release by solihull moors .
england 's women 's team have defended their squad for next month 's world cup in brazil .
the uk government has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the uk government 's decision to remove the uk 's first rock ship .
lufthansa pilots have begun industrial action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
a us aircraft has collided with a us jet in the baltic sea , officials say .
the governor of india 's central bank has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's central bank .
maternity services at caithness general hospital in inverness are to be scrapped , the health board has said .
shrewsbury town have signed arsenal defender jack hendrie on loan until the end of the season .
ireland beat ireland 4 - 1 to reach the semi - finals of the women 's hockey world league semi - finals in johannesburg .
warren feeney is one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the world .
the chief constable of cleveland police has been cleared of misconduct after being found guilty of misconduct .
mae ' r adeilad yng nghymru wedi dweud ei bod hi ' n cael ei stryd yn dilyn ymosodiad terfysgol yn llundain .
the number of people using the european union in the european union has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
a man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a supermarket in manchester .
one of the uk 's leading tech firms , mario draghi , says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's technology industry .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in surrey .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill has resigned as head coach of leicester tigers .
mark joyce 's unbeaten century led sussex to a lloyd win over sussex in the one - day cup at hove .
at least 11 people have died in a plane crash in the eastern chinese city of south - eastern .
prime minister david cameron and russian president vladimir putin have called for an inquiry into the murder of russian spy alexander litvinenko .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has gone missing from her home in swansea .
it has been described as one of the biggest names in the history of wales .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west end .
bookmaker ladbrokes has reported a pre - tax loss of # racing for the first half of its financial year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in leicestershire .
care services in scotland have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
the bbc has announced it is to host the bbc 's next year .
the number of people caught speeding in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a new railway station in central london has reopened after being closed for more than two years .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in west london .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the mental health of nurses nurses .
tottenham maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over manchester city .
scotland 's vote to leave the european union could have a negative impact on income tax .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he will vote for a second bailout in the eurozone , after the country voted to leave the european union .
kenyan authorities have launched a video showing the beheading of a kenyan shopping centre in nairobi , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
pop star sam smith has pulled out of this year 's brit awards , saying it is ` ` not a pop song '' .
a teenage girl who was killed in a crash on a school trip has been named by police .
a dog has been shot in the back of a dog in lincolnshire , police have said .
one of the uk 's youngest mountain has urged people to do more to help people with mental health problems .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been shot dead in the capital , bujumbura , officials say .
a police officer has been cleared of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car .
scientists have developed a new method of helping stem cell cells in laboratory cells .
more than 100 people have been killed in clashes between rival factions and pro - government forces in the libyan city of benghazi , officials say .
a man has been given a suspended jail sentence after a fire at a derelict hotel in exeter .
japan 's defence ministry has warned japan 's government of ` ` increasingly '' after japan voted to hold a new national security laws .
arsenal missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by hull city at emirates stadium .
the head of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
a man has been appointed as the new chief executive of the scottish national football association -lrb- successful -rrb- .
virtual reality pioneer oculus vr is one of the most famous people in virtual reality .
the first round of the efl cup in the english football league has been confirmed .
the m4 has reopened following a crash involving a lorry and a lorry on the m4 in south lanarkshire .
britain 's andre ward will defend his ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points win over titles ward in london on saturday .
lewis hamilton says he has ` ` no problem '' with mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in the first session of the bahrain grand prix .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash on the lincolnshire in lincolnshire .
more than half of children in wales are at risk of developing heart disease , according to a new study .
a prominent argentine rights activist has been found dead in the capital , buenos aires .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a man who was attacked in leeds .
a japanese judge has ruled that a woman has been found guilty of kidnapping a three - year - old girl in japan .
the culture of the leveson inquiry into the phone - hacking scandal has been criticised by mps .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the mental health of the world .
imran imran , one of the uk 's most famous men , has been shot dead by islamic state militants in syria .
china 's foreign minister has called on china to do more to tackle the ` ` devastating '' of china 's territorial policy .
a council 's decision to sell a sculpture of a former mayor of london has been branded ` ` fascist '' by the council .
andy murray and andy murray will play in the davis cup final for the first time since 1936 after beating belgium 's david goffin at wimbledon .
manchester city have been drawn in the group stage of the champions league group stage for the first time .
leicester city supporters have been banned from attending football matches for ` ` unacceptable behaviour '' at the club 's fans .
newcastle 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by newcastle .
south wales police has been named as the new police and crime commissioner for south wales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed lower on wednesday , with the dow jones closing lower .
barcelona have accused the spanish football federation of failing to pay a $ 10 m -lrb- # 34 m -rrb- fee for neymar and neymar .
a mother and her baby son have been killed in a house fire in northumberland .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says his side 's performance in the 21 - 16 defeat by munster was a ` ` disaster '' .
a animal lion has been shot dead in south africa 's kruger province .
katie archibald became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the european track championships in rio , germany .
worcestershire 's match against worcestershire was abandoned because of heavy rain .
the number of councils in england and wales has risen for the fourth year in a row , according to local councils .
a man has been stabbed to death outside a hospital in greater manchester .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in the south korean state of south korea .
ams have voted in favour of a new devolution bill for wales .
former england striker ravel morrison has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the paris attacks in paris .
great britain 's men have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
lydia ko has become the first woman to win the lpga women 's open at the women 's world championship .
former bond star craig craig has been named as the new james bond film spectre .
queen 's park moved into the league one play - off places with victory over queen of the south .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the highlights of this year 's strictly come dancing .
former formula 1 driver paul wurz has been named as the new head coach of the manor team .
more than half of uk households in the uk are likely to be able to buy broadband costs , a charity has said .
tom daley has become the first british athlete to win a bronze medal at the rio olympics .
four people have been charged with the kidnap of a ring ring dating back to the uk .
ballymena united have signed northern ireland striker liam boyce on loan until the end of the season .
one of the most important hoards of the history of the island of islay has been awarded # heritage for the first time .
banking giant standard chartered has announced plans to close its uk operations in the european union .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city striker stewart stewart on loan until the end of the season .
the world 's biggest technology firm , fewer , has filed a $ patents -lrb- Â # patents -rrb- deal with the us government .
the liberal democrats have launched their manifesto for the general election on 8 june .
the royal navy 's first aircraft carrier has arrived at the royal navy base in portsmouth .
a man has died after being hit by a train in calais , the channel tunnel has said .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
the first child to be born in the uk has been born in the uk .
if you want to know about the super bowl , you do n't want to know about the super bowl .
afc wimbledon are set to play afc wimbledon in a bid to find the club 's new owners .
the welsh football association -lrb- original -rrb- has agreed a deal to buy the principality stadium at the principality stadium .
wycombe wanderers striker adebayo akinfenwa has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
glamorgan missed the chance to go top of the county championship as they were held to a draw at glamorgan .
the us space agency -lrb- developers -rrb- has launched a project to build a new allen space plane .
the european union and the european union are on the verge of the ` ` remaining '' of the european union .
the liberal democrats have won the general election for the first time in the general election .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme is being investigated by the irish government over the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman in greater manchester .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at her home .
two men who died in a crash in aberdeenshire have been named by police .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack on a bus in manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car .
unemployment in scotland rose by 11,000 between september and september to stand at 123,000 , according to official figures .
a breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary cancer has told a court he felt ` ` like a bomb '' , a court has heard .
leicester city have signed defender michael vaughan on a season - long loan from premier league rivals burnley .
sam allardyce has been named as the new england manager for the first time .
league one side charlton athletic have signed former charlton athletic defender danny pearce on a two - year deal .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south - east london .
toymaker hasbro , the world 's bestselling toy maker , has reported a rise in sales for the three months to december .
a dorset school has been forced to close its school in special measures after being rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted .
hearts have agreed a deal to sign republic of ireland defender rherras rherras on a season - long loan .
belfast city council is planning to close its headquarters in belfast , the bbc understands .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a car crash .
the chief executive of the western pacific state of tamil nadu has told the bbc he is ` ` extremely troubling '' for the country 's land .
mobile devices are being exploited by hackers using apple 's android operating system , security experts say .
a court in india has ruled that a 15-year - old girl has been found guilty of killing a 15-year - old girl .
national league side maidstone united have signed former england defender herd herd on a two - year deal .
fleetwood maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with victory at fleetwood .
one of the uk 's oldest and most famous buildings in the uk has been put up for sale .
it 's been a year since the death of a young child .
ac milan legend herbert footballer has died at the age of 83 .
wales striker joe saunders has been left out of wales ' euro 2016 squad after being hit by a car .
republican presidential hopeful jeb bush has clashed with republican presidential candidate donald trump .
england full - back sam tomkins has signed a new three - year deal with the super league side .
actress helen mirren has said she wants to be the best actress to win this year 's oscars .
one of the uk 's most popular ports sites has been put up for sale .
hundreds of people have taken part in a parade to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
dame judi dench is to become the first in the uk to raise awareness of the ancient woodland in surrey .
former celtic striker kris commons says he has no plans to move to celtic for the rest of the season .
the body of a missing scottish child has been found in a river in the scottish borders .
formula 1 's governing body , the world 's most successful formula 1 team , has the ability to win the formula 1 world title .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in west lothian .
a former police officer has been jailed for five years for stealing more than # 500,000 from his employer .
a public consultation is to be carried out on plans for a new part of dumfries and galloway .
stevens stevens has won the bbc cymru sound of the year award .
a former england rugby team player has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the west midlands .
two members of a counter - terrorism group have been convicted of terrorism offences .
hull city came from behind to beat hull city and move top of the championship .
prosecutors in germany say they have arrested a man in connection with a bomb attack on a bus in the german city of cologne .
plans for a new # 50 m leisure centre in warrington have been given the green light .
pro - russian candidate igor dodon has been elected as the new president of the centre - right republic of moldova .
former olympic champion 29-year - old 29-year - old has been banned from the rio olympics after failing a drugs test .
china 's economy grew by 6.9 % in the first quarter of 2015 , according to official figures .
the number of young people in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a new report .
the north wales ambulance service -lrb- gething -rrb- is to launch a new emergency service in north wales .
lancashire captain sam smith has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
kent have reported a pre - tax profit of # interest m for the second year in a row .
a pod of whales have been killed by a pod of rescuers in the western french state of tamil nadu .
glasgow warriors have signed full - back nakarawa nakawara from glasgow warriors for an undisclosed fee .
liverpool maintained their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable victory over liverpool at anfield .
a grade ii - listed museum in nottinghamshire is to be transformed into a # 3 m lottery grant .
belgium has become the first country in europe to introduce a ban on women wearing headscarves on women .
japanese conglomerate nikkei little has been bought by japanese conglomerate little acquisition for $ decline -lrb- # decline -rrb- .
plans to reduce the number of bus routes in oxford have been approved by oxford county council .
great britain 's james wallace and james wallace won gold medals at the world championships in budapest .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has said the uk will be ` ` illegal '' in the wake of the north korea crisis .
the uk has the highest rate of public health in the uk , according to a new report .
a report into the conduct of whistleblowers in the wake of the hillsborough disaster has been criticised by mps .
michelle payne , the first female jockey to win the melbourne cup , has died at the age of 58 .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes praised his side 's performance after their 5 - 0 defeat by celtic in the scottish cup final .
the european union has voted to hold a referendum on the future of eu membership in the eu .
two men have been arrested in connection with the killing of a british soldier in the iraqi city of tikrit .
a new home for the great british bake off has been unveiled by the royal mail for the first time .
one of india 's most famous restaurants is one of the most famous restaurants in the world .
millions of people have been arriving in greece for the first time in more than 30 years .
league two side leyton orient have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players .
the first children 's hospital in wales has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
sam smith has been voted the bbc music director of the year award .
newport rfc shareholders have agreed a deal to sell newport gwent dragons from rodney parade .
plans for a # 100 m regeneration scheme in woking have been approved by the council .
tyrone will face donegal in sunday 's ulster sfc final at croke park as mickey harte 's late goal gave them victory at croke park .
great britain 's men 's handball team have been criticised by the british rowing association -lrb- 52 -rrb- .
one of the most popular web users in the uk is being investigated by the independent regulator .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the political reform of democracy .
police in north wales are being urged to take action to tackle the spread of human trafficking .
the snp has gained overall majority of scottish councils in the second round of the scottish conservatives .
swansea city have appointed former manchester city boss garry monk as their new manager .
an investigation has been launched after a controlled explosion at a cardiff university campus .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in north london .
saudi arabia has said it will hold talks with saudi arabia in the fight against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
the co - operative bank has said it is in talks with the co - operative group over the sale of its co - op bank .
bbc wales has confirmed it is to close its headquarters in pembrokeshire , the bbc has learned .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
democratic republic of congo beat democratic republic of congo in the first leg of their 2017 africa cup of nations qualifier .
the chief executive of the muslim community in england and wales has defended the use of the so - called islamic state in the uk .
streaming service spotify has announced it will launch a new streaming service in the us .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in rhondda cynon taff .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's funding for eu students in the republic of ireland .
a primary school head teacher has been charged with possessing indecent images of children .
championship side fulham have signed denmark international winger christensen christensen on loan until the end of the season .
lewis hamilton says he is confident he can return to formula 1 at the season - opening australian grand prix .
newport county have re - signed defender sweeney sweeney from hartlepool united on a two - year contract .
actor abbey has been named as the new star of the new series of the voice .
a landlord accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he did not think he was the victim of a ` ` sexual ordeal '' .
world number one mark selby beat world number one novak djokovic to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
sir bradley wiggins says he is ` ` shocked '' sir bradley wiggins and team sky boss sir bradley wiggins and team sky boss sir bradley wiggins .
a man has been arrested in connection with the talktalk hacking attack on the talktalk website .
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has been sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo .
andy murray came from a set down to beat andy murray and reach the third round of the australian open .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a world war one soldier .
the northern ireland assembly has voted to introduce a ban on gay men in northern ireland .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a collision with a car .
a british man has been sentenced to life in prison in syria for trying to join islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
derbyshire all - rounder shiv thakor has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
the chief executive of royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's financial crisis .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
a woman has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
austria has set out its first emergency applications for asylum seekers in austria , the country 's interior minister has said .
the president of haiti , privert privert , has been expelled from the presidential election , the electoral commission says .
the scottish government has announced plans to create more than 80 new jobs in scotland .
the father of a man who was convicted of raping a 15-year - old girl in australia has been jailed for two years .
a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a police officer in east london .
the republic of ireland 's finance minister , ann coulter , has been arrested in connection with the sale of nama 's northern ireland portfolio .
michael dunlop continued his impressive start to the season with victory in the opening practice session at the ulster grand prix .
it 's been a year since the release of his new album , strangely .
a british adventurer has become the first in the uk to successfully drill to mount everest .
a north sea oil company has been fined # 12,000 after a worker was injured in a helicopter crash in moray .
telecoms giant bt has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of broadband services in the uk .
pro - russian rebels in eastern ukraine have clashed with pro - russian separatists in the east of the country .
pop star janet jackson has announced she will return to the london tour of new zealand next month .
it 's been a busy year for british tennis .
a bird has been spotted on a beach in the arctic , the environment agency has said .
ross county have signed striker scott martin on a one - year deal after his release by ross county .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors reacted to the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
foreign secretary boris johnson has called on the government to scrap tuition fees in england and wales .
bradford bulls have confirmed they are to leave the club at the end of the season .
a bus driver has been suspended after a bus driver was filmed on a bus in norwich .
the family of a three - year - old boy who died in a boat accident in the aegean sea on sunday have been reunited with their families .
manchester united 's # 16 m move from manchester united to the premier league will be worth more than # 16 m .
northern ireland 's chief executive , willie walsh , has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of airline air passenger duty .
two men have gone on trial accused of selling beef worth of beef products .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the top women in the world .
fifa president sepp blatter has called for an independent investigation into the bidding process for world football 's governing body .
the police force at the centre of the hillsborough disaster has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' about the force 's response to the hillsborough disaster .
a powerful earthquake has struck italy 's earthquake in italy , killing at least 19 people , officials say .
a man has died after being hit by a taxi in dorset .
tourism giant tourism has been named the best tourist attraction in the uk for the first time .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has been sent back to the uk for the first time , the bbc has learned .
the us supreme court has ruled that the home office of england and wales will not be allowed to give birth in the uk .
israel has approved a resolution to the un security council 's resolution on the un security council 's draft resolution to the un security council .
glasgow is the most congested city in the uk , according to a new study .
thousands of syrian refugees are to be resettled in northern ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house .
private ambulance service -lrb- las -rrb- has been accused of breaking the number of private ambulance staff in england and wales .
the number of motorists caught speeding in wales has risen for the second year in a row .
a new # 1.2 m arts project will be held in cardiff later this year , it has been announced .
new zealand international ta'ai ta'ai has signed a new two - year deal with the super league side .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to remember the victims of the nepal earthquake .
pakistan 's former military chief has been appointed as the new head of the pakistani army .
former republic of ireland assistant boss roy keane says he is happy to leave the republic of ireland 's euro 2016 squad .
scottish engineering firm lamont has agreed a deal to buy technologies energy firm deals deals .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in west london .
national league play - off hopefuls dover athletic moved up to second in the national league with a comfortable win over welling .
league one side leyton orient have appointed former southend boss nicky edwards as their new manager .
police in germany have arrested a man suspected of trying to smuggle a plane into a plane .
a man has died after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
manager russell slade is confident that cardiff city are capable of winning the championship play - offs .
human rights activist rajab rajab has been sentenced to 10 years in jail for insulting the detention of human rights activist rajab rajab .
plans to cut a library library in wrexham have been given the go - ahead by councillors .
sir bobby moore 's tribute to sir bobby charlton 's world cup triumph has been celebrated by sir bobby charlton .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
a mental health worker has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of misconduct .
australian prime minister tony abbott has called for an end to the refugee crisis in syria .
david mundell has been appointed as the new secretary of state for scotland .
british number one johanna konta has won the final of the women 's singles at wimbledon .
the world 's oldest landmark , the wellington , has been given the go - ahead by the national trust for the first time .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline has agreed to buy $ sales -lrb- Â # pharmaceuticals bn -rrb- to buy us pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline .
north korea 's government has said it will shut a key nuclear deal with north korea , amid a row over the country 's nuclear programme .
bradford city moved to within two points of the league one relegation zone with victory at colchester .
scientists say they have found a way to fix the risk of diabetes in the uk .
two men have been charged in connection with a protest at a protest against the government 's expansion of the airport .
the mother of a teenage girl who said he was sexually assaulted in the house of lords has said he is glad to be a ` ` queries '' .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men on a busy road in dorset .
tata steel has announced plans to sell its loss - making port talbot business , the bbc understands .
one of the world 's most endangered frogs has been born at a zoo in california .
two police officers have been injured in a shooting at a car park in county antrim .
scientists say they have found the biggest ever drought in the world 's oceans .
birmingham city will host birmingham city in the women 's fa cup final at wembley on sunday .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the liberal democrats have lost control of the liberal democrats in the liberal democrats .
the family of a terminally ill five - year - old boy who was diagnosed with leukaemia have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the support of his son .
fifty shades of grey , the coen brothers , have been released in cinemas across the uk for the first time .
league two side cambridge united have signed midfielder jason evans on a two - year deal after he rejected a new deal with the league one club .
england slumped to a crushing 273 victory over bangladesh in the first test in chittagong .
a campaign has been launched to try to reduce the number of medical and medical services in wales .
an inquest into the deaths of two children at a children 's home in gwynedd was accidental , an inquest has heard .
rochdale ended rochdale 's unbeaten start to the league one season with victory at rochdale .
plans for a new housing development in glasgow have been approved by the scottish government .
tyson fury 's world heavyweight title rematch with wladimir klitschko has been suspended .
a man has died after a light aircraft crashed into a field in essex .
north korea says it has successfully tested a nuclear reactor in north korea .
a memorial service has been held in memory of two men killed in the tunisia terror attack .
the us cyber attack on the uk 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has been hacked by hackers , according to a report .
one of wales ' biggest tourist attractions , snowdonia , has been closed due to a lack of funding .
china has successfully launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
two teenagers have been jailed after being found guilty of taking part in a plot to steal a number of teenagers in birmingham .
staff at a food company in lisburn , county down , have been told to leave their business .
the us department of representatives has said it is investigating a cyber attack on a us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the queensferry crossing will open to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
a social media campaign has been launched after residents complained about noise and noise .
mae ' r heddlu sy ' n gyfrifol am wybodaeth wedi cael ei rhyl yn dilyn gafodd yn y bala .
former home secretary gary anderson has said he is ` ` shocked '' after being diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
the british and british governments have issued a warning to the british and irish governments to do more to reduce the risk of breast cancer .
air strikes on rebel - held areas of the syrian city of aleppo have left at least 80 people dead and more than 100 injured .
newport gwent dragons prop matthew region has retired from rugby with immediate effect .
german chancellor angela merkel has been arrested on suspicion of spying for spying , german media report .
hurtling hurtling is one of the most famous riders in the world .
barnsley came from behind to beat barnsley and reach the championship play - off final at wembley .
the government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the government 's decision to block the uk 's membership of the european union .
nigel farage has said he will not stand in the party 's general election next year .
queen 's university in belfast has announced plans to cut the number of students in northern ireland .
bury have appointed lee lee as their new manager on a two - year contract .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's biggest oil producers .
worcester warriors head coach stuart hogg says his side are capable of winning their first premiership game of the season .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for raping a six - year - old girl in lincolnshire .
a man who absconded from a detention centre in cambridgeshire has been released from prison .
linfield moved up to second place in the irish premiership by beating queen of the south .
chris 26-year - old and chris follows have signed a new deal with chris brown , who has died at the age of 28 .
thousands of people have been left without power after heavy rain caused severe flooding in the west midlands .
eritrea has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' by the united nations and the united nations and the united nations .
two men have been jailed for the attempted murder of a man who was attacked by two men in a london street .
a teenage girl has died after being hit by a train in the us state of indiana , police say .
russian president vladimir putin has said russia is ` ` extremely concerned '' about russia 's annexation of crimea .
eddie howe has died at the age of 72 , his family has announced .
england began their world cup campaign with a home victory over new zealand in auckland .
real madrid kept their la liga title hopes alive with a comfortable win at real sociedad .
bournemouth maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over bournemouth at vitality stadium .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old boy at a gwynedd hospital has been met by a coroner .
manchester city 's champions league hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by lyon in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car in a pub in wiltshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in north wales .
it 's been a turbulent year for the conservatives .
tammy abraham scored a stoppage - time winner as bristol city came from behind to beat ipswich in the championship .
chile , chile , chile , chile , chile , chile , chile , chile , chile , chile and chile .
google has announced it is launching a new search for google 's echo smart speakers .
mae arweinydd plaid cymru wedi dweud ei bod hi ' n cael ei oedd yn y senedd , yn ôl prif weinidog cymru .
a campaign to raise funds for the iraq war has been launched by the uk government .
padraig harrington won the cheltenham gold cup at cheltenham 's cheltenham national cup at aintree .
the house of lords has voted to allow mps to vote against the uk 's membership of the eu .
a new species of bird has been discovered in india , according to a new study .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder during a fight in the west midlands .
a judge in the us supreme court has ruled that president donald trump 's nomination for the us supreme court would be ` ` infringed '' .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
the funeral of a man who was shot dead in a paramilitary - style attack in north belfast has been released on bail .
stoke city manager mark hughes says he will not be interested in signing portuguese midfielder porto hughes .
great britain 's double olympic gold medallist nicola lines has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a man has been injured in a house fire in west belfast .
a jury in the trial of a man accused of the rape of a man in the uk has been dismissed by the high court .
a new treatment centre is being set up in north wales for the first time in more than two years .
england 's russell knox leads the defence of his pga tour title with victory at the halfway stage of the south african open .
russia boss leonid slutsky says his side will not be able to play in the 2018 world cup in russia next month .
chancellor george osborne has told the bbc that the uk will remain in the european union after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a humpback whale has been spotted on a beach in northern ireland .
the leader of the orange order has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the rights of the band 's orange order .
the funeral has taken place of a former rugby player who died in a heart attack in london .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in his home .
manchester united have signed striker conor ferguson from manchester united for an undisclosed fee .
thousands of migrants living in the french jungle camp in calais have been told to leave their homes in the port of calais .
former us secretary of state hillary clinton has been sentenced to eight years in prison in the us .
one of the world 's most famous dogged , marco marco , has died at the age of 97 .
ed sheeran has been named as the new star of the new series of top gear .
long - awaited long - awaited is one of the most famous actresses in the world .
scotland head coach anna signeul has criticised the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- for failing to resolve the euro 2016 finals .
newport county manager graham westley says he has no plans to extend his stay in the county championship next season .
the cuban government says it is ` ` disappointed '' that the country 's first granma project , the cuban , has been given the go - ahead .
burnley maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a hard - fought victory over burnley .
the government 's plan to cut free school lunches for free school pupils has been launched by the government .
the uk 's migration to leave the european union would be ` ` disastrous '' for the uk to leave the eu , the uk 's migration minister says .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by morocco 's decision to suspend the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy will take a two - shot lead into the final round of the open championship at royal birkdale .
leeds united have signed striker antonsson antonsson from leeds united for an undisclosed fee .
northants and northants played out a tame draw against northants in the one - day cup at wantage road .
armed police officers in scotland are to be targeted by police as part of an investigation into the use of terrorism .
australia took a 2 - 0 lead at the top of the one - day cup with a regular victory over australia in brisbane .
the us economy grew by more than expected in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest figures from the us federal reserve .
the leader of highland council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the handling of asbestos in a highland council .
world number one jason day moved into the final round of the open championship with a one - shot lead at the halfway stage .
engineers at stanford university have developed a flexible printer that can control the structure of the universe .
malaysia 's prime minister najib razak has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the us government 's decision to withdraw $ 100bn -lrb- Â # fronts -rrb- .
a prison inspector has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the death of a prisoner at maghaberry prison .
german chancellor angela merkel has announced a new law aimed at reducing the number of asylum seekers in germany .
the us federal bureau of justice -lrb- alabama -rrb- has released an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse by a us author .
a daily guide to the key stories , newspaper headlines and quotes from the campaign for the 7 may general election .
calls have been made for the nhs 111 helpline to call 999 calls for the nhs 111 helpline .
us republican candidate donald trump is to host the democratic presidential nomination for the first time in the us presidential election .
a us woman has been charged with causing the death of a woman in a car crash in california .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in east london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack at a house in county antrim .
sony has unveiled a virtual reality headset for virtual reality virtual reality headset .
all images are copyrighted .
one of the world 's most important species of extinction has been discovered by scientists at the university of california .
the cia has released documents relating to the cia 's handling of documents released by the cia .
police in the us state of michigan have arrested a man in connection with a car that killed three children .
couple knightley , one of britain 's most famous bride , has died at the age of 74 .
olympic long jump champion greg rutherford says he has no regrets about retiring from the olympic games in rio .
channel 4 has commissioned a series of series tv series tv series tv series tv series tv series tv .
a review into the rape of a rape victim has been launched by the attorney general .
a terminally ill five - year - old boy has donated # 50,000 to a terminally ill five - year - old boy .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a mental health unit .
former jockey ackerman ackerman has been banned from all racecourses for three years after being found guilty of match - fixing .
scotland 's transport minister has said there will be no changes to the future of scotrail services in scotland .
a student who was killed in a terror attack in tunisia has been named by police .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan has been knocked out of the world championship in the first round of the world championship .
more than half of nhs trusts in england have been paid more than # 400,000 over the past five years , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
it 's been a year since rugby rugby 's governing body was found to be one of the most successful players in the world .
the university of england 's largest teaching union , unison and college lecturers have rejected a pay offer from the university of england .
former super league side leigh centurions have parted company with head coach eddie jones .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in north belfast .
a group of lawyers has called for the introduction of a new law to be introduced in england and wales .
a sinn féin mla has been sent to the northern ireland assembly over comments he made about unionist mp tom elliott .
the labour party needs to be ` ` more ruthless '' if it wins the general election , the party 's deputy leader has said .
former world number one andy murray said he was ` ` not surprised '' after he was caught on camera in the first round of the paris masters .
a woman who died after being hit by a car in swansea has been named by police .
tottenham defender jan vertonghen has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a chronology of key events : .
belfast giants moved to within three points of elite league leaders cardiff devils with a comfortable win over cardiff devils .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in newcastle .
aston villa manager steve bruce says aston villa boss steve bruce is the best manager in the premier league .
the former chief minister of the liberal democrats , mr opstelten , has been charged with fraud , officials say .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's response to the publication of the uk 's ` ` regrettable '' .
dame judi dench has been named as the new star of itv .
it 's one of the most influential fans in the world .
police investigating the murder of former eastenders actress sian blake have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the police inquiry into her disappearance .
hearts have completed the signing of danish striker eckersley gomis on a two - year contract .
the number of people waiting for work to work in wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , a charity has said .
a device has been found in the grounds of a house in the republic of ireland .
a group of members of the islamic state group -lrb- allows -rrb- , formerly known as isis , is on the verge of being hijacked by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
it 's one of the most influential actresses in british history .
america 's president obama has returned to the united states for the first time since becoming president of the united states .
a man has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in rhondda cynon taff .
two men have been found guilty of the sexual abuse of two children in norwich .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering glasgow teenager paige doherty .
norwich city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by west brom .
it 's been a tough year for twitter users .
the bbc has announced plans to cut the number of its studios in wales , the bbc has learned .
when van van persie won the olympic men 's road race in rio de janeiro , the bbc 's that van de crushed was not a dream of joy .
heavy rain is causing disruption in parts of scotland , the met office has said .
all images are copyrighted .
mae cais y du wedi cyhoeddi y bydd hi ' n cael ei ddatblygu i ddatblygu ymysg newydd yn y golygu .
a man has died in a fire at a house in fife .
nigeria 's former foreign minister , dasuki dasuki dasuki , has been arrested in nigeria , officials say .
us coffee giant starbucks has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first half of the year .
jim mcintyre has been named as the new manager of the scottish league cup .
brian matthew , who has died at the age of 74 , has died at the age of 82 .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about israel 's response to israel 's attacks on israel .
england all - rounder james vince hopes to play for england in the first test against south africa at the oval .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key events in the western city of timbuktu .
the head of china 's education agency , xi jinping , has called on china to become the first children 's school in the world .
the head of zimbabwe 's national national park has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the death of a man who was shot dead in zimbabwe .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has called for an end to the country 's national security council -lrb- officers -rrb- .
the chief executive of dundee - based investment firm alliance trust has announced it is to step down as chief executive .
foreign secretary boris johnson has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about russia 's involvement in the conflict in syria .
braintree town manager paul cowley says his side are capable of reaching the national league play - offs .
us president - elect donald trump has accused russia of ` ` cyber attacks '' in the wake of donald trump 's us election victory .
a primary school in oxfordshire is to close after it was rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was assaulted in east renfrewshire .
prime minister david cameron has urged leaders of the world 's most powerful leaders to discuss their reform of the g8 summit .
the authorities in poland say they have arrested a man on suspicion of involvement in the disappearance of a nazi train in poland .
tesco has announced that it is to buy its distribution business in the us .
ipswich town have signed striker samuel samuel on loan from championship side ipswich town for an undisclosed fee .
great britain 's katie ledecky won olympic gold in the women 's 100 m final at the rio olympics .
a campaign has been launched to tackle the spread of bovine tb in south west england .
great britain won two gold medals at the european rowing championships in london .
a search is under way for a british man missing in a remote part of argyll .
jessica ennis - hill 's decision to retire from athletics at the end of the world championships has been ` ` reluctantly '' , says toni minichiello .
thousands of people have been affected by the devastating earthquake in haiti , the country 's prime minister has said .
it 's been a turbulent year for the european union .
preston north end manager simon grayson has confirmed he will remain at preston until the end of the season .
a new musical set up by the church of england has been criticised by the church of england 's new children 's choir .
a man accused of murdering his wife at their home in east london has been found guilty of murder .
the nhs in england has gone into administration with the loss of up to # says , the bbc has learned .
the uk and the european union are due to meet in brussels on friday to discuss brexit talks .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has said he will not resign as president of the democratic republic of congo .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the questions about the election campaign .
a number of people have been forced to leave their homes after heavy rain caused severe flooding in the republic of ireland .
an inquest into the death of a baby who was born at a cornwall hospital has been described as a ` ` story '' .
a man from hong kong has been arrested in hong kong on suspicion of stealing more than # 1 m .
nigerian president muhammadu buhari has ordered the release of more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram militants .
morecambe have signed defender mutually barkhuizen on a two - year deal following his release by morecambe .
the london art gallery has opened its doors to the public for the first time .
a train travelling from london to london has returned to london for the first time in more than 30 years .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- headsets has come up with a virtual reality headset .
uk industrial output fell by 0.8 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
nigeria captain vincent enyeama has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of match - fixing .
the us national football league -lrb- seahawks -rrb- has set a new world record for the first time in more than 30 years .
human rights activists in the democratic republic of congo say they have found dead bodies at the burial site in the democratic republic of congo .
the us national football federation -lrb- judge -rrb- has rejected a dispute over a pay dispute between the united states and the united states .
st johnstone striker steven maclean has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
nigeria 's national football league -lrb- nff -rrb- has been suspended by the football federation and the national football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- .
scottish labour leader andy murray has called for a new generation to be the next scottish party .
education secretary philip hammond has accused the government of ` ` shortfalls '' over the government 's handling of funding cuts .
the number of taxi applications handed out by taxi drivers in scotland has risen by almost 50 % in a year , according to the scottish government .
malorie wilson has been named as the new children 's laureate of the year .
a man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the german city of cologne , police say .
a council has proposed plans to cut council subsidies in a bid to cut council subsidies .
the us supreme court has backed the obama administration 's decision to scrap the religious care act -lrb- tie -rrb- .
a us woman has been shot dead in the us state of michigan , police say .
researchers at the university of manchester say they have developed a tiny sensor that could be used to speed up software .
the authorities in the indian capital , delhi , have launched a series of ` ` hands '' and ` ` hands '' and ` ` chapter '' .
moeen ali said he was ` ` very fortunate '' to be recalled to the england squad for the first test against india in abu dhabi .
oil prices have risen by more than 5 % in the first three months of the year , as oil prices continued to fall .
a hospital in the english state of lincolnshire has been hit by a cyber attack , the bbc has learned .
channel 4 is to return to the west end next year , it has been announced .
two women have been sacked after they were sacked in a dispute over pay , the bbc has learned .
russia has accused turkey of trying to destabilise its airspace in syria , saying it is ` ` russian '' .
the chief constable of avon and somerset police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been cleared of misconduct .
ben stokes 's century helped england to a bowl victory over australia in the first test at trent bridge .
bolton wanderers defender david dervite has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
the us federal justice department -lrb- lounge -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by the us government 's decision to allow marijuana for recreational marijuana .
nottingham forest have signed striker britt assombalonga from nottingham forest for an undisclosed fee .
nottinghamshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a spectacularly win over nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
swansea city head coach paul clement is expected to be the new manager of the premier league club .
a londonderry woman has said she is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the threat posed by the so - called islamic state in syria .
a coroner has called for an inquiry into the deaths of an elderly woman at a hospital in nottingham .
mexico 's government says it will investigate the investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in the mexican state of guerrero .
tributes have been paid to two british tourists who died in a speedboat crash in australia .
england 's women 's hockey team will compete at the women 's world cup for the first time .
hundreds of whales have been washed up on a beach in the southern indian state of tamil nadu , officials say .
the world 's largest offshore wind farm is to be built in the north sea .
in our series of letters from african journalists , journalist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the implications for the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- .
one of the uk 's biggest research projects , port vale , has launched a campaign to help people affected by the attack in nepal .
sam allardyce has left his job as manager of crystal palace after the sacking of manager sam allardyce .
a south african court has ruled that oscar pistorius will not be allowed to return to the south african capital , pretoria .
a man has been found guilty of fraud and fraud over the deaths of four people in cheshire .
the channel tunnel is set to become the first operation to cross the channel tunnel after the collapse of the channel tunnel .
ed sheeran has pulled out of the uk album of the year .
cambridge came from behind to beat league two cheltenham in the first round of the fa cup .
ireland moved to the top of the pro12 table with a hard - fought win over ireland in dublin .
more than 100 jobs are under threat at a royal navy base in yeovil , a union has said .
human rights groups in indian - administered kashmir have called for the removal of the armed forces in indian - administered kashmir .
an inquest into the death of a teenage boy at a school in bradford is being investigated by an inquest into the death of a boy .
venezuelan security forces have shot dead two military planes in the venezuelan capital , caracas , officials say .
london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has issued a safety warning following the death of a baby boy in london .
the former president of the democratic republic of congo , eric fattah , has pleaded guilty to charges of fraud .
a us judge has sentenced us president barack obama to six years in prison for the murder of a us inmate .
the us federal appeals commission -lrb- directive -rrb- says it will ban a ban on muslims entering the country .
mae ' r cwest i mis brif weinidog cymru , irfon williams , wedi marw ar ôl i ' r mis fu farw .
that that is one of the most famous spears in the world .
ireland 's shane lowry is one shot off the lead after the first round of the lowry championship at royal troon .
the family of a woman who died in the turkish city of istanbul have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of a journalist .
wales manager joe allen says he is ready to sign a new deal with euro 2016 .
scunthorpe secured their first win of the league one season with a comfortable win over scunthorpe .
two men have been charged in connection with the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the middle east .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a teenager in dumfries .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a road crash .
first minister nicola sturgeon has said the scottish independence referendum will be a ` ` disaster for independence '' .
nico rosberg headed team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the singapore grand prix .
broadband speeds are to be changed by the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- by the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- .
police have said a spate of damage caused by a series of incidents in edinburgh is being investigated by police .
the boss of credit card credit card credit card credit card has told bbc radio 4 's today programme of credit card credit card credit card credit card repayments .
super league side salford red devils have signed former super league side castleford tigers on a two - year contract .
chelsea have signed chelsea defender kenneth omeruo on a season - long loan deal .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the country 's most influential men .
this year 's booker prize , which tells the story of this year 's booker prize , is to be named waterstones book of the year .
tens of thousands of people have marched through the streets of london for the first time .
the age for the 2017 british and irish lions tour to new zealand has been announced .
thousands of bin bin collections of bin bin collections are to be collected in england , the government has said .
two men have been jailed for a series of drug trafficking raids in cardiff .
a school in oxford has become the first in the uk to name the name of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a world record holder has become the world 's oldest world record .
solo uk solo player solo solo has been banned for two years after being found guilty of drink - driving .
hull fc will face salford red devils in the semi - finals of the super league table .
david bowie has been announced as the winner of this year 's brit awards .
hundreds of people have been forced to leave their homes in the capital , accra , in the wake of cyclone pam .
google has confirmed that it has successfully tested a drones drone in the us .
a woman has been killed in a collision with a car in oxfordshire .
plans for a # 325 m motor racing plant in blaenau gwent have been given the go - ahead .
german banking giant deutsche bank has reported a sharp rise in profits in the first three months of the year .
wrexham moved up to second place in the national league with a comfortable win over wrexham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and producer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most successful games in the world .
barrie mckay scored a hat - trick as rangers came from behind to beat rangers in the scottish championship .
in the wake of the election on tax evasion , the bbc news website looks at some of the key questions about the future of tax avoidance .
a british man has been barred from entering the united states after being refused entry to the us .
a report into the redevelopment of casement park stadium has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the redevelopment of the casement park stadium .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the world .
turkey 's prime minister has met turkey 's president , ahmet davutoglu , to discuss the threat posed by turkey .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a parade in the 1945 town of 1945 .
plans to demolish a former coal mine in cardiff have been approved by cardiff city council .
west ham 's west ham has been given a new home for the first time since the end of the season .
star wars actor james butler is to star in a tv remake of the great train robbery in london .
pop star olly murs is to return to the x factor at this year 's x factor in london .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes praised his side 's defensive performance after their 1 - 1 draw with aberdeen at pittodrie .
wales midfielder aaron ramsey says the euro 2016 match between russia and euro 2016 is the biggest game of his life .
league one side mk dons have signed former bolton wanderers midfielder lee wallace on a two - year deal .
a memorial has been set up to protect a crumbling cliff which was hit by a cliff in dorset .
police officers in england and wales are being investigated over allegations of misconduct , the metropolitan police has said .
the uk 's first air ambulance service -lrb- helicopter -rrb- is to launch a new service in wales for the first time .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a huge art festival in the west midlands .
leinster moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
a murder investigation is under way after a man 's body was found at a house in fife .
the number of small businesses in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than three years , according to new figures .
cardiff blues maintained their 100 % start to the season with a ramsey victory over cardiff blues in cardiff .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two women at a school in leicester .
league two side luton town have signed defender jake morgan - smith on a deal until the end of the season .
an investigation has been launched into the use of waste collections in edinburgh .
the director of the popular indian film festival , samson samson , has been cleared of rape allegations .
national league side leyton orient have appointed former national league club cloud cloud as their new chief executive .
it 's been a year since india 's prime minister narendra modi said it would be ` ` . ''   and ` ` updated '' .
a body has been found in the search for a man whose body was found in a river in shropshire .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has been fined $ being -lrb- # hong -rrb- by the uk 's royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- .
a volcano on the pacific ocean island of lava has been washed up on the pacific island of lava .
britain 's chris froome won stage four of the vuelta a espana as britain 's chris froome won stage eight of the vuelta a espana .
mobile phone services in the uk are lagging behind by mobile phones , according to a new study .
us ryder cup captain darren reed will play the defence of the united states at the us pga championship .
tens of thousands of people have gathered in brighton and hove to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the nobel peace prize .
a passenger passenger has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
a cat has been found guilty of theft after a cat was found at a house in surrey .
prime minister theresa may has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the threat of terror attacks in the middle east .
an inquiry has been launched into allegations of historical abuse at a children 's home in moray .
uk retail sales fell by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
facebook has unveiled a new app that allows users to communicate with the social network .
a woman from south carolina has told bbc radio 4 's today programme she is ` ` a bit of a joke '' .
it 's been a year since facebook started in california .
actor and director wes dick is to star in a tv remake of harry potter and the cursed child .
norwich city have completed the signing of former bournemouth and norwich city defender adam el - abd on a one - year deal .
thousands of people have been evacuated from costa rica in costa rica after a volcano in the capital , costa rica .
the families of victims of the hillsborough disaster have called for the families of the victims of the hillsborough disaster .
saracens moved level on points with premiership leaders saracens with a bonus - point win over reigning champions saracens at twickenham .
a 15-year - old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 15-year - old girl .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a neo - nazi mp has told a court he did not think he was the victim of a ` ` terrorist attack '' on the day of the somme .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in northern ireland fell by 40 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in first practice at the bahrain grand prix .
the scottish government has launched a multi - million pound contract with the uk government .
turkey has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' that kurdish forces in syria have been targeted by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the mother of a boy who died after being hit by a boat in devon has been named by the ministry of defence .
the poll of northern ireland and the republic of ireland 's poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of the poll of northern ireland 's political poll .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england .
a french diplomat has been arrested in connection with the rape of a french diplomat in the southern indian city of bangalore .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the earth 's most powerful solar eclipse .
the football world cup takes place on saturday , with the first round of the fa cup , the football world cup is under way .
footballer ched evans has been cleared of raping a woman at a hotel in denbighshire .
two men have appeared in court in connection with the seizure of drugs with a street value of # men .
us cable giant charter has agreed to buy us cable giant charter for $ 45bn -lrb- Â # regulators -rrb- .
the father of a man who was stabbed to death in northern ireland has said he is ` ` devastated '' by his death .
ukraine 's president has called for an end to anti - government protests in ukraine , amid a row over the government 's handling of anti - government protests .
bangladesh 's highest court has upheld the conviction of a former leader of bangladesh 's highest court for crimes against humanity .
a tweet has been made in the footsteps of a gay man who has been posting a tweet on social media .
english rugby league champions leeds rhinos have been banned from all sport for two years after testing positive for cocaine .
the bbc 's sports personality of the year will be announced in the queen 's birthday honours list .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important public toilets in the uk .
england reached the semi - finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a seven - wicket victory over sri lanka in the women 's world twenty20 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in north london .
two libyan soldiers have been found dead in the libyan city of benghazi , officials say .
a us judge has sentenced a transgender man to life in prison for plotting to kill a us passenger .
the founder of the greggs bakery chain has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s .
a partnership with a rare genetic partnership with a rare genetic condition has been launched in belfast .
an inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations against former prime minister sir edward heath is to be investigated by the police watchdog .
three men have been charged in connection with the death of a teenager who was hit by a car .
former world record holder nick matthew has become the first british man to win the world record for the first time .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
a school teacher accused of raping a student at a school has told a court he was a victim of sexual activity , a court heard .
too many young people in scotland are being subjected to sexual abuse , a committee of msps has said .
afc wimbledon were knocked out of the league two play - off places as they were beaten at home by afc wimbledon .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes after heavy rain caused flooding in north wales .
the wimbledon women 's tennis championship gets under way in france on sunday .
joey barton has been banned from all football - related activity for three years for breaching betting rules .
it 's one of the most influential musicians in the world .
work has begun on a new # 500 m railway station in bristol .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the french open with a 6 - 4 6 - 3 win over -rrb- impressed .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about his conversations with president donald trump .
plans to build a wind farm off the south wales coast have been approved by the high court .
dublin fought back from two points down to beat mayo in the all - ireland football semi - final at croke park .
a group of kenyan nobel prize winner joseph kibaki has won the nobel prize for literature in the capital , kampala .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused israel of ` ` outrageous '' over the death of a senior commander in the occupied west bank .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a taxi driver in leicester .
a world war one machine has been given the go - ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
hundreds of people have taken part in a mass brawl in the west midlands .
microsoft has unveiled a blog system that allows users to communicate with the microsoft operating system .
the parents of a man who suffered serious head injuries in a bristol hospital have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the case .
police in india say they have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a woman in the capital , delhi .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at how nurses are going to work .
world number one dustin johnson is out of the open after being knocked out in the first round of the us open .
hundreds of people have attended a christmas carol event in londonderry .
world number one mark selby beat world number one ding junhui to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
hundreds of protesters have taken part in a protest against the closure of a council in sheffield .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss tony xia as their new chief executive .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north london .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important moments of the year .
peterborough united have signed peterborough united midfielder luke nichols on loan until the end of the season .
carrick rangers have been cleared of breaching the conduct of the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- .
national league side dover athletic have signed former luton town defender nathan lawless on a one - year contract .
hundreds of people have attended a festival in leicestershire for the first time in more than 30 years .
the bank of england 's chief economist , sir john vickers , has told the bbc that the uk 's financial services authority -lrb- bba -rrb- will not be affected by the financial crisis .
the ozone layer of the ozone layer of the ozone layer has come into effect .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in three years , according to official figures .
manchester city boss pep guardiola says he would be ` ` proud '' to be the best player in the world .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder simon yates on a two - year deal after his release by forest green rovers .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his friend who was stabbed to death at his home .
a chronology of key events : .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after being trampled by a herd of cows has been described as ` ` irresponsible '' by a coroner .
aldershot town manager gary waddock has signed a new two - year contract with the national league club .
welsh conservative leader nathan morgan has said the uk should stay in the eu if it leaves the eu .
in the wake of the death of cryptography cryptography , the bbc 's cryptography cryptography looks at some of the most important moments in the world .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died at a london hospital died from a cardiac arrest , an inquest has heard .
it 's been a turbulent year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
ulster pair liam henderson and tommy bowe have been ruled out of saturday 's six nations game against south africa .
a man has been seriously injured in a ` ` targeted attack '' at a house in renfrewshire .
a rare bird of prey has hatched at a nature reserve in east lothian .
she she is to return to the strictly come dancing series , the bbc has announced .
the number of adoption adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
great britain won their first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory over japan 's available ma in rio .
at the end of the new york city of kareem , mohammad richard stepped out of the coffee shop in austin , ohio .
the european football league -lrb- scheduling -rrb- has announced it is to host the premier league for the first time in more than two years .
australian prime minister entsch entsch has called for an end to the number of eggs eggs in australia .
the home secretary has said she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by a report into the conduct of undercover police officers in england and wales .
sunderland ladies have signed sunderland ladies forward beth mead on a season - long loan deal .
a report into the electrification of the great western railway line between london and york has been criticised by a report .
the paris climate agreement would be ` ` would '' by the paris climate agreement , according to a us study .
premier league clubs have been charged by the football association for failing to monitor anti - doping .
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was stabbed to death in the brecon beacons .
a motorist has been banned from driving in the uk after being caught speeding on the m1 .
drivers in bristol are being asked to pay more than # 1 m a year in a bid to reduce parking charges .
a six - year - old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in hertfordshire .
one of the uk 's most decorated ian has been returned to the uk to mark the 25th anniversary of her death .
at least two people have been killed and scores wounded in clashes at a religious festival in the democratic republic of congo , witnesses say .
cardiff city maintained their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable victory over cardiff city at the cardiff arena .
swansea city 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the premier league were dented as they were held to a draw at swansea .
dyfed - powys police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been criticised by the police and crime commissioner .
indian police have arrested five people in connection with the collapse of a construction building in the indian capital , delhi .
tottenham striker harry kane has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the result of the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union could be the result of the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the us open with a straight - set win over kazakhstan 's yulia bautista .
edinburgh head coach alan solomons is relishing the prospect of extending the pro12 season at murrayfield .
in our series of letters from african journalists , journalist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why ukraine 's government is being investigated .
french actress stepson casablanca has died at the age of 89 .
celtic manager ronny deila said it was a ` ` big mistake '' for celtic to reach the europa league group stage .
alloa athletic midfielder jack ross has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that northern ireland 's deputy first minister , lord alderdice , is to step down .
eastleigh 's national league play - off hopes suffered a setback as they were beaten at home by eastleigh .
the government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to cut the amount of child support for children in the uk .
james james won his second game of the season with a 32-year - old victory over american teams hawk in the best - of - seven nba final .
a flight from australia to australia was forced to make an emergency landing at sydney 's heathrow airport after an engine landing , officials say .
celtic striker jamie roberts has signed a new four - year contract with the club .
a court in indonesia has sentenced two men to death for the murder of a three - year - old girl in indonesia .
us president barack obama has said kenya 's president will not be able to take part in the country 's civil war .
hundreds of people have attended a vigil in surrey to remember the victims of the shoreham air disaster .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the outcome of the presidential election .
one of the uk 's largest restaurants , the mushtaq , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of restaurants in the uk .
` ` it 's a humanitarian crisis , '' says the that , the head of the un humanitarian aid agency -lrb- embattled -rrb- .
ryan lawrie says he is ready to return to golf in the scottish open at castle castle next month .
eu leaders have called on the european union to do more to tackle the migrant crisis in europe .
italy 's prime minister has urged the european union to do more to tackle the migrant crisis in europe .
a man has died after a light aircraft crashed into a house in lincolnshire .
the police investigation into the bloody sunday investigation into the loughinisland massacre is to be investigated by the police watchdog .
more than 100 people have been killed in an outbreak of ebola in the west african city of ebola , officials say .
relatives of the victims of the hillsborough disaster have called for the families of the victims of the hillsborough disaster .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in devon .
blackpool chairman pete reed has been given a three - month suspended jail sentence for breaching the club 's ownership of the club .
a group of migrants from the french port of calais have arrived in calais for the first time .
ulster moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus - point win over treviso at kingspan stadium .
plans to build a former primary school in flintshire have been given the go - ahead .
the russian space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced the first ever images of the earth 's cameras satellite .
the irish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the sale of northern ireland 's agri - food industry .
at least two people have been killed in a shooting at a police station in the german city of cologne .
the bodies of two british tourists found dead in thailand have been found in the thai island of koh tao , police have said .
league two side notts county have signed former nottingham forest defender tom wilson on a two - year deal .
a man accused of sexually abusing children in birmingham has told a court she did not know she was going to die , a court heard .
burnley midfielder sam vokes says he has no plans to sign a new contract with the championship club .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not support labour leader jeremy corbyn as labour leader .
turkey has launched a crackdown on the way it handles access to the country 's internet network .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has carried out a series of photographs of syrian soldiers in syria , human rights watch says .
the mexican football federation -lrb- insult -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by mexico 's friendly against mexico at the confederations cup .
plaid cymru leader lord dafydd elis - thomas has said he will not stand in the welsh assembly .
england batsman nick compton has retired from international cricket .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in birmingham .
sir howard stewart has called for an independent inquiry into the expansion of heathrow airport .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in a drive - by shooting in south london .
world number two stuart bingham says he will not be able to play at the world championship because of a wrist injury .
one of the world 's biggest cinema studios is to be demolished in a bid to save # 65 m .
england women won their world cup campaign with a comfortable victory over new zealand in auckland .
a former police officer has been found guilty of attempting to murder a hitman to kill his partner .
motorists in leicestershire have been told to stop speeding speeding in a bid to reduce congestion .
two men have appeared in court in barcelona charged with the murder of a man in a las vegas resort .
us president donald trump has signed a deal with us president donald trump for the white house .
a rare 18th century portrait of the national trust has been sold at auction for # 17th .
league two side luton town have signed luton town goalkeeper craig goalkeeper on loan until the end of the season .
a humpback whale has been spotted on a beach in fife .
britain 's greg rutherford won olympic gold in the men 's 200 m at the world championships in london .
the queen has released a video showing the moment the queen was filmed in the queen 's 90th birthday .
fiji rugby star josh matavesi has become the first rugby player to win the rugby world cup in australia .
a major shopping centre in oxfordshire has been closed to the public for the first time in more than 30 years .
thousands of athletes in the british city of sao paulo are being treated for skin cancer .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the world cup suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by scotland .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has been fined $ delay -lrb- Â # cash -rrb- by the competition commission -lrb- cma -rrb- .
lewis hamilton says he does not know whether he will be fit for next year 's abu dhabi grand prix .
former derby county boss daryl powell has been sacked by the championship club .
crisp crisp has become the first british woman to win the world series of the world series in chicago .
one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges , eddie hearn , is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges .
a painting by francis bacon has been valued at $ sold m -lrb- # picasso m -rrb- at an auction in new york .
nigel farage has been sworn in as ukip leader .
former labour leader johann lamont has been appointed as the new leader of scottish labour .
a man has died after being hit by a car in birmingham .
the company behind the hinkley point nuclear power station in somerset has called on the uk government to pay for the hinkley point nuclear power station .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- has announced that jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- will be built in jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- .
favourite won the goodwood cup for the second time in a row with victory in the favourite stakes at newmarket .
a man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in county kerry in the republic of ireland .
a man has become the first person to pay a # 10,000 fine to raise money for a photograph at a hotel in ipswich .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after being arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
israel has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by israel 's decision to withdraw the use of an israeli ambassador to israel .
one of the uk 's most famous wagon is to be turned into a city centre as part of a drive to raise money for the city .
mae ' r un o ' r mae sy ' n cael ei gyhoeddi yn cael ei benfro i ' w y , yn ôl un o ' r benfro .
scottish salmon company ssc has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first half of this year .
northern ireland 's economy is continuing to grow , according to a new report .
olympic bronze medallist helen tait has been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
the mother of a schoolgirl whose body was found in the river thames has said she is ` ` devastated '' by her death .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has declared the country 's second largest lender , the country 's second - biggest economy .
police in spain say they have arrested a man in connection with a series of images of child sex abuse .
queen of the south moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with victory over montrose .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the capital , damascus , ahead of protests against the government .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a 10-year - old girl in belfast .
plans for a shake - up of welsh councils in wales have been announced by the welsh government .
the 70th anniversary of the bbc proms will be held on bbc radio 2 's this year .
one of the world 's biggest drone has been banned from flying drone for the first time .
a scottish energy firm has announced plans to create 250 jobs in the north of scotland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most famous landmarks .
a judge in the democratic republic of congo has ordered the arrest of former congolese musician congo koffi judge .
emergency services at cardiff 's traffic park have been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
the british colony of the british colony of the british colony of the uk are likely to fall , according to a new study .
plans for a solar power project in west yorkshire have been approved by the council .
one of the world 's biggest banks , boris johnson , has told the bbc that the world 's biggest financial exchange , boris johnson , is one of the world 's biggest financial markets .
one of peru 's most prominent human rights groups , fujimori figallo , has been freed from prison , the country 's interior ministry says .
it is one of the most famous men in the world , but it is one of the most important stories of his life .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the use of a viewing dog in staffordshire .
scotland 's busiest airports have reported a sharp rise in passenger numbers for the second year in a row .
world number one mark selby beat world number one michael van gerwen to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
apple has said it will pay $ 1.3 bn -lrb- Â # corporate bn -rrb- in cash to $ 2014 bn -lrb- Â # corporate -rrb- .
the international olympic committee -lrb- suspensions -rrb- has upheld a ban on the athletes of russian athletes at the rio olympics .
nick gubbins hit a century as middlesex dominated middlesex on day one against middlesex at lord 's .
oscar - winning actress karen gillan is to return to scotland for the first time in more than 30 years .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it will not be able to travel to london 's transport network because of a surge in ticket prices .
the world 's most powerful technology network has been launched by the world 's biggest technology firm , special .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has announced he will step down as president of the farc rebel group .
ed sheeran has topped the uk album chart for the second time in three years .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the us president 's decision to leave the white house .
commuters on the southern rail network have been hit by a 24-hour strike by the rmt union .
the conservatives have retained control of derbyshire county council .
widnes head coach denis betts says his side 's poor start to the super league season will be ` ` around '' .
the us supreme court has ruled that us president donald trump 's travel ban is unconstitutional , after the us supreme court rejected a ban on immigration .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a disturbance at a train in edinburgh .
an outbreak of avian flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire .
the body of a man whose body was found at a hospital in birmingham is being investigated by the nhs trust .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said the russian military is in a ` ` critical position '' in syria 's air strikes in syria .
gareth southgate has been appointed england manager at the end of the season .
for the first time , the first round of talks between the european union and the us and the european union have been debating the debate for the first time .
one of the uk 's most famous graham , graham , has been put up for sale .
the number of climate change in the uk has reached a 10-year high , according to new research .
a team of staff in the us state of new york have been reacting to a team of players who want to take part in this year 's white house .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the technology industry in south africa .
elgin city extended their lead at the top of scottish league two with a comfortable win over elgin city .
wales fans have praised the euro 2016 semi - final to france in their final euro 2016 match in france .
one of wales ' biggest car companies , jones , has been bought by the welsh government .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has confirmed it will begin distributing a vaccine against the ebola virus .
olympic champions helen glover and heather stanning won olympic gold at the olympic games in london .
at least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in romania , officials say .
the conference of the national league for the first time since the end of the season has come to an end .
the captain of the wreck of the wreck of the wreck of the wreck of the wreck of the wreck of the wreck of the warship has been returned to the uk .
the family of a young woman who died in a car crash in essex have paid tribute to their ` ` beloved '' family .
the irish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of human rights in the republic of ireland .
wigan athletic have sacked manager paul cook after less than three months in charge .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of arson after a suspected gas explosion at a shop in bristol .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a lake in the lake district .
welsh liberal democrat leader kirsty williams has been elected as the new leader of the welsh liberal democrats .
great britain 's laura massaro beat world number one caroline wozniacki to reach the final of the dubai masters .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the 150th anniversary of the tower of the city of st paul 's cathedral .
a man has been killed in a gun attack in the us state of montana , officials say .
one of the uk 's most famous the , parsons , has been forced to leave the european union for the first time in more than 50 years .
the bank of england 's chief economist , mark carney , has decided to quit the bank of england at the end of the year .
the chief constable of devon and cornwall police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has announced he is to step down as chief constable .
the summer transfer window closed at 23:00 bst on 1 september .
a museum dedicated to the war of world war one has opened in dorset .
google 's chief executive joe schmidt has said he will pay taxes on tax avoidance in the uk , saying it is ` ` morally indefensible '' .
the irish government has launched a multi - million pound project to help boost the number of renewable projects in northern ireland .
a man has been injured in a fire at a house in county antrim .
a man who attacked a woman in a ` ` brutal '' attack has been given a life sentence .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has launched a joint appeal against the seizure of the illegal ivory smuggling .
denny solomona scored a hat - trick as castleford tigers beat widnes vikings to go top of super league .
haile daniel , one of the world 's most decorated haile , has died at the age of 83 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
a special exhibition has begun to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
new south africa coach revenge chambeshi says he has been ` ` shocked '' by his side 's 1 - 0 defeat by zambia in the africa cup of nations .
scotland head coach gordon strachan says he is ` ` very confident '' that scotland will be given a chance to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
british gymnast ben bevan has been ruled out of the world championships because of illness .
a cessation of hostilities has been lifted in the syrian city of aleppo , the un has said .
two men have been arrested in nigeria 's capital , abuja , in connection with gay marriage .
one of the uk 's most famous artists , damien hirst , has died at the age of 91 , his publisher has announced .
plans for a # 500 m redevelopment of glasgow city centre have been approved by glasgow city council .
a man who died after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire has been named by police .
a new species of subtle has been discovered in the grounds of a new york museum .
pop star katy perry is to headline the pyramid stage at this year 's glastonbury festival .
stephen hawking has been announced as the new host of bbc radio 4 's today programme .
china 's economy grew by 6.7 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about his relationship with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats has called on the uk government to do more to protect the uk 's membership of the eu .
arsenal ladies are to rename the name of women 's super league one club arsenal ladies .
royal dutch shell has approved a plan to drill for oil and gas exploration in the arctic sea .
health secretary jeremy hunt has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the uk 's broadband network .
actress and actress jane horrocks has spoken out about the return of her ` ` third '' .
high street chain greggs has reported a rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
england captain keaton smith said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's performances in the second test against south africa at the oval .
a protest has been held over plans to build a wind farm off the lincolnshire coast .
more than a third of patients in northern ireland are suffering from cancer , according to a new report .
china 's first children 's home in china has been temporarily suspended due to a shortage of newborn babies .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing lower , with the ftse 100 index closing lower .
edinburgh moved back to the top of the pro12 table with a hard - fought victory over edinburgh at murrayfield .
three russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio 2016 olympics , the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says .
goals from alexis sanchez and theo walcott gave hull city victory over 10-man hull city at the kcom stadium .
a canadian teenager has been charged with raping a three - year - old girl in ottawa , canada .
juventus boss gianluigi buffon says his side 's poor start to the premier league season will be ` ` leagues '' .
a rise in the number of women working in the uk has risen by more than a third in the past year , research suggests .
the welsh government will not be allowed to vote on whether the uk should vote on the uk 's brexit process , the uk 's top brexit negotiator has said .
the number of dog incidents in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since the end of 2015 , according to police scotland .
supermarket chain morrisons has announced plans to cut dairy prices for the first time in more than two years .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a bill to legalise abortion laws .
league one side charlton athletic have signed charlton athletic defender franck moussa on a season - long loan deal .
the netherlands ' hopes of qualifying for the euro 2016 finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by the netherlands .
a mother has admitted causing the death of his mother , whose body was found in a house in rhondda cynon taff .
national league side forest green rovers have signed midfielder matt roberts on a two - year deal following his release by tranmere rovers .
the mayor of london has apologised to boris johnson , the mayor of london , on suspicion of breaking the law .
sunderland midfielder sam allardyce has been banned for two matches after failing a drugs test .
leicester tigers prop nick tompkins has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the leader of the welsh government has defended the welsh government 's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy subsidies .
london mayor boris johnson has defended the club 's decision to buy the stadium of london stadium .
us basketball star lamar odom has been diagnosed with drug addiction , police have confirmed .
an nhs trust has won a legal battle over the death of a woman who died after being scalded in a bath hoist .
it 's been a year for google chief executive tony fadell .
astronomers say they have found the most accurate supernova ever seen in the atmosphere .
the football association of england and wales cricket board -lrb- those -rrb- will not be able to play in the fa cup , according to the football association .
the us government has blocked a controversial dakota protest on the controversial dakota access pipeline in north dakota .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the snp 's election manifesto .
nato is to become the first military base to be held in afghanistan for the first time in more than 50 years .
police investigating the disappearance of joanna yeates have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the search for a missing woman .
the number of transgender characters in the uk has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , according to a new report .
heavy rain is expected to cause travel disruption across parts of scotland , the met office has warned .
non - league sutton united will face non - league side sutton united in the first round of the fa cup .
concerns have been raised about the safety of a beach at a beach on the isle of wight .
england slumped to a crushing nine - wicket victory over pakistan in the first one - day international at lord 's .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his side 's poor start to the premier league season .
the chief minister of india 's tamil nadu state , sofia ashraf , has been removed from her job .
the number of people selling coffee shops in south wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to new research .
millions of pounds of fraud will be made available in england and wales , the government has announced .
two people have been arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a teenager in colchester .
sale sharks pair tom tom and tom tom have signed new contracts with premiership side sale sharks .
a new type of honey has been discovered in a cornish zoo .
a 10-year - old boy has died after being hit by a tractor in nottinghamshire .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in germany to mark the 30th anniversary of the german rock festival .
german chancellor angela merkel has said german chancellor angela merkel 's decision to pull the uk out of the european union is ` ` not acceptable '' .
two men have been found guilty of conspiring to pervert the jewellery heist at the hatton garden jewellery heist .
burton albion came from behind to beat burton albion and keep their championship play - off hopes alive .
drinking a glass of beer is a key factor in the shape of beer , a study suggests .
shares in sports direct have fallen after the retailer reported a fall in profits .
world number one mark selby will face world number one stephane houdet in the first round of the world championship .
at least six people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a mudslide that swept out in the southern philippines , officials say .
foreign secretary boris johnson is to meet foreign secretary boris johnson to discuss his visit to russia .
scientists say they have found a way to tackle the risk of a ` ` fruit '' disease .
ee , the uk 's first mobile phone and mobile phone network , has launched its first drone in the uk .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in the scottish borders .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have launched a major operation to retake the iraqi city of mosul from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a new technology app is being rolled out in aberdeen .
it 's been an action - packed year for the british grand prix .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has launched an online campaign aimed at protecting jewish jewish jewish groups .
the jury in the trial of a dublin man accused of murdering his father in the republic of ireland has appeared in court .
unilever , the world 's biggest yogurt maker , has reported a sharp fall in sales for the three months to december .
it was the day that the uk 's biggest retailer , dominic chappell , has been put on trial for the first time since the collapse of bhs .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has voted to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
exeter city moved back to the top of the league two table with a comfortable win at cambridge .
tributes have been paid to 66 temperton , who has died at the age of 77 .
it 's been a year since tinder dating back to us dating website tinder .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a 16-year - old girl who was killed in the manchester terror attack .
the nominations for this year 's mtv music awards have been announced .
the rugby football union -lrb- scrum - half -rrb- has apologised to the rugby football union 's decision not to prosecute munster coach conor murray .
the rnli has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the use of the st helier lifeboat station in jersey .
two - time wimbledon champion victoria azarenka has been forced to retire from the open at the aegon classic in halle , australia .
australia made a winning start to their world twenty20 campaign with a tourists victory over india in the third test in mumbai .
plans for a new housing development in south wales have been approved by councillors .
plans for a multimillion - pound development in county durham have been approved by the county council .
league two leaders plymouth argyle moved up to second place in the league two play - off places with a hard - fought win at recreation park .
an artificial intelligence test has been developed by the british intelligence agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
plans to build a garden bridge in london have been approved by the city council .
edinburgh moved to the top of the pro12 table with a hard - fought win over edinburgh at murrayfield .
the head of the inquiry into child sex abuse in england and wales has said he will not be investigated by the inquiry into historical child sex abuse .
it 's been a year since india won the olympic games in rio de janeiro .
fulham boss slavisa jokanovic says striker martin martin will be out for the rest of the season .
the us space agency -lrb- spacex -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the possibility of flying debris from the uk 's first commercial space station .
the nhs in england has become the first place in the uk to introduce a nuffield test for the first time .
job pomsel was one of germany 's most admired jews , who has died at the age of 70 .
a man from flintshire has become the first person to complete the world record for the highest - ever world records .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi cadarnhau y bydd hi ' n cael ei yn ar gyfer yr eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn .
a group of members of a group of climbers have been found dead in a lake in the french alps .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi cadarnhau y bydd hi ' n cael ei mae yn dilyn ' n nos sadwrn .
a us court has sentenced a us man to six years in jail for the hacking of the world 's biggest credit card .
a man has been taken to hospital after being stolen from a house in aberdeenshire .
a five - year - old boy has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car .
scientists say they have found a new way to kill a baby born in china .
a council has lost a legal bid to overturn a ban on the sale of a sheep in the south of england .
a welsh rugby union player has been banned from all sport for two years after testing positive for cocaine .
a scottish government minister has called on the scottish government to introduce free school meals for children in scotland .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline has announced plans to cut the number of new medicines in the uk .
authorities in malaysia say they have arrested a woman in connection with a concert in the capital , kuala lumpur .
teachers at a west yorkshire academy have staged a series of strike action in a dispute over pay .
cardiff city 's under-20 world cup qualifier against cardiff city has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
in the wake of the paris attacks in paris , a young man has been attacked by a mob in the french capital , paris .
the european court of human rights has upheld a landmark ban on the ban on headscarves .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the upsurge of violence in africa .
the first reboot of the new film mad max is to be held at the cannes film festival in new york .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the labour party 's manifesto for the general election .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a plane crash in new zealand .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says his side are capable of winning the premier league this season .
it 's been a year since the birth of us president barack obama .
a belfast man has been given a suspended prison sentence for raping a 14-year - old girl in belfast .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash on the allow near allow , county antrim .
george osborne 's announcement that george osborne is going to be the next chancellor of the exchequer .
it 's one of the most famous actors in hollywood .
security forces in kenya 's capital , nairobi , have been targeted by islamist militant group al - shabab , a report says .
a cyber - attack on the talktalk website , which was hit by a massive cyber - attack on monday , has been hit by a cyber - attack .
the world 's second largest energy investment in the world has hit a record high , according to a new report .
wales and wales scrum - half jamie roberts has signed a new three - year deal with the rugby football union .
rangers striker steven mchugh says he has no regrets about signing a new contract with the club .
motherwell have signed striker thomas thomas from motherwell on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the head of the university of northern ireland -lrb- dr -rrb- says there is a growing number of young people in northern ireland .
ali carter and ali carter have been knocked out of the world championship in the second round of the us open .
a council has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about a council 's decision to scrap plans to redevelop bristol city centre .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the threat of nuclear weapons .
port vale chairman norman smurthwaite says he is ready to sign a new contract with the league one club .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has announced plans to close the night tube service for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
china 's largest steel firm , china 's largest steel firm , has announced it is buying its country in a deal worth more than $ 5bn -lrb- # merger -rrb- .
theresa may is going to be the new leader of the welsh conservatives .
the number of nurses working in the nhs in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
police in the german city of cologne say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a man in the german city of cologne .
chancellor george osborne has warned the government 's spending plans for the next five years has been ` ` unsustainable '' .
dr robert venter , who has died at the age of 93 , has died at the age of 83 .
a judge has ruled that a six - year - old boy who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy has been jailed for a year .
liverpool have completed the signing of liverpool striker christian benteke for an undisclosed fee .
comedian sandi toksvig has announced that she will not take part in this year 's strictly come dancing .
a man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of california after falling off the coast of california .
a 14-year - old girl has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after being arrested on suspicion of rape , the bbc understands .
cases of child sexual abuse in england and wales are being investigated by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
watford 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by watford .
more than a third of disabled people in the south east of england are to go on strike in a row over funding , the government has said .
police investigating the murder of schoolgirl caroline thompson have launched a fresh appeal for information .
former ireland captain michael clarke has been appointed as the new coach of the irish premiership club .
south africa is one of the most geographically countries in africa .
a russian warship has arrived in the russian port of defence in the wake of the uk 's first aircraft carrier , the defence ministry says .
scientists say they have found a way to protect sea otters in the sea .
bbc radio 2 has won the bbc radio 2 television awards for the second year in a row .
the skipper of a ferry which crashed into the channel islands in the channel islands has been named .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has been named as the new england patriots ' player of the year .
the uk 's first flying drone , flying drones , is being developed by the uk 's aviation authority .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched an offensive against so - called islamic state in the iraqi city of mosul .
the chief executive of manor , the manor manor team , has been left out of the running of the manor team .
former libyan president abdul fattah al - sisi has died at the age of 97 , the bbc has learned .
league one side oldham athletic have signed huddersfield town defender ryan oldham on loan until the end of the season .
more than a third of uk firms have been targeted by cyber attacks , a survey has found .
glamorgan batsman ben wright has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
scotland 's political parties have been campaigning for the party 's election campaign .
the number of seals born in the north sea has fallen to its lowest level since records began , the national trust has said .
star wars actor john boyega has become the first star wars actor to play star wars : the force awakens .
a committee of ams has called for an inquiry into the sale of the welsh government 's handling of a committee of ams .
the us has said it will resume military operations against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq and iraq .
a pilot who died when a light aircraft crashed in the french alps has been named by an inquest .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will not stand in the assembly election if he wins the general election .
wasps fly - half danny cipriani has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
britain 's chris froome retained the overall lead at the vuelta a espana as alejandro valverde won stage eight of the vuelta a espana .
people have been paying tribute to former brookside artist eddie howe , who has died at the age of 83 .
bristol city manager lee johnson says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end on saturday .
a new york city councillor has been named as the new york times for the new york times .
the international climate change -lrb- oceans -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the dangers of climate change .
a puppy has been reunited with the owners of a dog which was killed in a car crash .
a funeral service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of soldier david margaret .
premier league champions leicester city came from behind to beat premier league champions leicester in the first round of the efl cup .
england will play south africa in the women 's rugby world cup .
team sky boss sir dave brailsford has defended his team 's performance at the london 2012 olympics .
a judge in nigeria has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the government 's decision to allow a transgender woman to be banned .
bottles of bottles have washed up on a cornish beach , the national trust has said .
the government has announced plans to introduce a new scheme for children 's families in england and wales .
the former leader of ukip , douglas carswell , has said he will step down as leader of the uk independence party .
one of india 's most famous authors , ghosh ghosh , has been named as the winner of the us national security council -lrb- dining -rrb- .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has told an inquest how he tried to save the life of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
ghana 's new president has been sworn in as ghana 's president , the country 's president has announced .
gylfi sigurdsson says swansea city can not afford to avoid relegation from the premier league .
a ban on wild animals in scotland has been backed by the scottish government .
the vast majority of latin america 's cities are living in the cities , according to a new report .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in the indian capital , delhi .
a judge in the us state of connecticut has begun hearing evidence against the us military intelligence agency -lrb- ali -rrb- .
police investigating the murder of a woman in edinburgh have found a body in the city .
former wales scrum - half mike phillips says the club are capable of winning the french champions cup .
northern ireland began their euro 2016 campaign with a 1 - 0 victory over poland at windsor park .
paul pollock has become the first british athlete to win a marathon at the rio olympics .
a prison officer has been found dead at a prison in kent , a report has found .
northern ireland 's first minister , nicola adams , has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the issue of abortion in northern ireland .
northern ireland 's ryder cup captain henrik stenson will take a brandt lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest against the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
an independent review is to be launched into the use of hate crime in scotland .
the conservative party has launched an investigation into allegations of bullying in the party .
us president barack obama has said that the us will be the first us president of the united states .
a herd of sheep have been rescued from a herd of sheep in the scottish borders .
london 's transport minister has called on the uk government to introduce a ` ` public consultation '' in the wake of the london taxi scandal .
us tech giant snapchat has unveiled a announcement version of its iconic augmented reality headset in las vegas .
a row has broken out over the nhs 's handling of hospital services in northamptonshire .
belgian security forces are investigating the deadly attacks on brussels airport in the belgian capital , brussels .
the boss of the uk 's biggest trade union , psa peugeot , has said he is considering talks with the uk 's biggest trade union .
an inquest into the death of a man who was shot and killed by a man has heard the inquest into his death .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in the republic of ireland say they have made a fresh appeal for information .
a # 6 m project to improve the river thames in west sussex has begun .
a man has been jailed for life for plotting to behead a terror suspect in london 's hyde park .
the wife of zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe has told the bbc that she will not be allowed to return to south africa .
prestonpans ' josh taylor says he wants to fight for the ibf world light - welterweight title at london 's o2 arena on saturday .
thousands of people have taken part in scotland 's hogmanay celebrations , marking the end of the year .
two lifeboats have been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off the west sussex coast .
a pair of gold worth # 20,000 has been discovered in a park in scunthorpe .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of london for the first time in more than 30 years .
a 15-year - old girl has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a school in fife .
one of the world 's rarest images of the world 's most famous photographer has been released .
the shortlist for this year 's great british bake off has been announced in the queen 's birthday honours list .
voters in the republic of ireland are being urged to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum on eu membership .
concerns have been raised that a prisoner has been found at a prison in kent .
morecambe 's winless start to the season continued as they were held to a draw by 10-man morecambe .
us president barack obama has said he will not allow us president barack obama to extend the us healthcare insurance insurance scheme .
leinster prop cian morris has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
kris boyd has warned that scottish clubs will not be able to play in the scottish premiership .
one of the world 's most famous railway locomotives , carriage carriage , has died at the age of 89 .
conor o'shea has resigned as head coach of harlequins at the end of the season .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has announced the creation of a new type of gene editing .
former australian prime minister sasse sasse has said he is gay and gay .
newcastle united manager alan shearer says he has ` ` no regrets '' about the club 's relegation from the premier league .
police have appealed for information after a dog was stolen in the back of a car .
the caribbean island of reunion is one of the world 's most remote countries .
a man who raped a woman in a ` ` brutal '' rape attack has been jailed for eight years .
a man has died after he was hit by a car in east kilbride .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a bus in east london .
police have released a cctv image of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
a man has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of making hoax bomb threats at bristol airport .
it is one of the most memorable moments of the 2015 world cup .
the world 's longest aircraft , solar impulse , has completed its first flight .
if you want to know about the west midlands ?
a man who raped and sexually assaulted two teenage girls has been jailed for 12 years .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a shopping centre in west yorkshire .
it 's one of the biggest tennis players in tennis .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in st albans .
arsenal won the fa cup for the first time in their history as they beat aston villa in the fa cup final at wembley .
land rover , the world 's biggest land rover , has unveiled its first land rover .
a pembrokeshire council is being sued by pembrokeshire council over claims it is being threatened with closure .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to trace in connection with a hit - and - run attack in glasgow .
a passenger plane that crashed in the french alps on sunday has been named as airline yemenia yemenia , the french government says .
transport secretary david hart has said it will be ` ` impossible '' for the future of rail services in wales .
one of the world 's most famous ward ships has arrived at the royal navy hq in portsmouth .
the former head of al - qaeda 's al - qaeda leader , bahri bahri , has died at the age of 74 .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not vote for republican presidential candidate donald trump .
scientists say they have found the first known sighting of the earth 's surface .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man who admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving has been given a community sentence .
the world 's largest energy company has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of global oil in the world .
fleetwood maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a comfortable victory over charlton .
the coach of the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has criticised the country 's anti - doping agency for failing to properly investigate the doping scandal .
the scottish league cup final came to an end as they were held to a draw by lovat at lochaber park .
st helens have signed new zealand - born prop 28 harris - wright on a two - year deal .
a man has been jailed for six years for sexually abusing boys in the 1980s .
the new design of the new formula 1 calendar has been revealed by the red bull team for the first time .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
a pier has been restored to the pier of a derelict pier .
lewis hamilton says he is looking forward to a ` ` tough '' start to the season with lewis hamilton in the world grand prix .
england centre manu tuilagi is set to miss the world cup with a knee injury .
the president of the south african republic , president anderson , has been arrested on suspicion of inciting islam , the bbc has learned .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have met the duke and duchess of cambridge for the first time .
a humpback whale has been spotted on a beach in australia .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in edinburgh .
south korea 's 23 bogeyed won her first european tour title with victory in the women 's pga championship .
a new type of ice ice has been recorded in the arctic ocean , according to a new study .
first minister carwyn jones has called for the uk to resettle unaccompanied children from the uk to protect children from the uk .
us pharmaceutical giant pfizer has agreed to buy a $ which -lrb- Â # pfizer -rrb- deal to buy the us pharmaceutical giant pfizer .
un envoy staffan de mistura has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about a ceasefire in syria aimed at ending the conflict in syria .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the welsh government 's plans for a new devolution settlement .
rodney rodney 's late goal gave west brom their first win of the season as they beat west brom at the mls stadium .
barnsley came from behind to beat league one strugglers barnsley in the league one play - off final .
ian bell 's maiden first - class century of the season gave warwickshire a moved win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
scottish judo star stephanie inglis is recovering in hospital after being injured in vietnam , her family has said .
all images are copyrighted .
a pod of aurora borealis has been filmed on camera in the east of scotland .
the former owner of manston airport has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the future of manston airport .
two men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in a denbighshire car park .
burma 's parliament has approved a un inquiry into the rape of rohingya muslims in rakhine state .
floyd mayweather 's fight against ufc champion conor mcgregor will be decided by the us boxing association -lrb- ufc -rrb- .
an mp has called for a ban on the dual carriageway of stonehenge in a bid to prevent the dual carriageway of stonehenge .
suicide bombing veterans in scotland are at risk of suicide , according to a new study .
welsh boxer andrew selby has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
it 's been a busy year for police and crime commissioners .
more than # 1bn has been spent on the uk 's membership of the european union , the bbc has learned .
police in scotland are to be allowed to carry out searches in the search for a new code of conduct .
egypt 's president abdul fattah al - sisi has called for an end to the overthrow of egypt 's president abdul fattah al - sisi .
an inquiry into historical child sex abuse in wales is being investigated by the police and crime commissioner .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was found dead in a park in dorset .
a group of indian fishermen have been rescued from the sea off the coast of western india .
andre gray scored twice as leicester beat sheffield wednesday to go top of the premier league table .
league two side crawley town have signed defender bobson bobson on a season - long loan from league one side crawley town .
the family of a man who went missing after a night out in devon say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the family 's owner .
a library in canada has been forced to leave the public for the first time in more than 30 years .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in lancashire .
a dog has become the first in the uk to become the first in the uk to live in the uk .
nottinghamshire all - rounder chris read has been ruled out of the t20 blast finals after beating nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
a man has been fined # 2,000 after a fire at a block of flats in edinburgh .
uganda 's hopes of qualifying for the 2017 africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by egypt .
theresa may has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with the european union .
an 18th century flemish cave has been discovered in a cave in the french city of unesco , officials say .
the united nations says it is investigating the deaths of more than 100 iraqi civilians in iraq and iraq .
the number of armed police officers in england and wales has been announced by the metropolitan police .
funding for a new university campus in cardiff has been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
manchester city midfielder danny walker has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
plans for a new prison in wrexham have been approved by the government .
leyton orient owner dave dave has been sacked by the league two club .
a museum in leeds has been given the freedom of the city of leeds for the first time .
millwall booked their place in the league one play - off final with a hard - fought win over millwall .
australian anti - abortion campaigner troy newman has been granted a visa by the australian government .
the proportion of english students applying for a - level subjects in england and wales has risen for the first time in more than two years .
british jockey william buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a serious leg injury .
manchester city manager yaya toure says his side 's poor start to the season was a ` ` disgrace '' .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the royal navy 's new oil and gas sector .
the leader of the lebanese capital , hassan hassan dahir erdogan , has called on the lebanese militant group hezbollah to step down .
a petition calling for a ban on the sale of breast cancer has been launched by the scottish government .
swansea city have signed swansea city winger grimes grimes on loan until the end of the season .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in the us city of atlanta , officials say .
world number one mark selby suffered a shock defeat in the first round of the world championship in sheffield .
astronomers say they have found the first evidence of the planet 's solar system .
an animal charity has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about a series of animal cruelty in the south of england .
prime minister david cameron has said he will not stand in the conservative party if he wins the general election .
glasgow warriors have signed forwards tim swinson and tim swinson from glasgow warriors .
the uk 's first aircraft carrier will be built in portsmouth , the defence secretary has announced .
the husband of a woman who has been diagnosed with a brain tumour has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the support of a married woman .
plans to reorganise maternity services at telford 's maternity unit in telford have been revealed .
birmingham city manager harry redknapp says the club will not be rushed into the club 's relegation from the premier league .
the government has announced plans to cut the benefits of children 's benefits in england and wales .
a painting by francis bacon is to be sold at auction for # works .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- over cuts to rural services .
a light aircraft has been found on a beach in oxfordshire .
salford beat salford red devils to reach the semi - finals of the super league table .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
blackpool moved up to second in league two with victory over blackpool at bloomfield road .
a prison in cheshire has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors in england and wales .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won stage three of the women 's tour de romandie in a sprint finish .
it 's been a turbulent year for the republican presidential nomination .
a children 's charity has said it is investigating allegations of child abuse at children 's children .
a lorry driver has been charged with causing the closure of a motorway on the m6 in birmingham .
a man accused of carrying out a ` ` revenge attack '' on a bus has told a court he had no option to kill him , a court heard .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the escalation of a kurdish militia in syria .
a court in china has sentenced a prominent chinese activist for 20 years in jail for embezzlement and sentenced to 20 years in jail .
england fly - half george ford has been ruled out of england 's six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has announced that it will ban the killing of a lion in zimbabwe .
england coach steve mcnamara has been named as the new coach of the england and wales cricket board .
the body of a man has been found in the river taff in neath port talbot , police have said .
rangers manager pedro caixinha is looking forward to a ` ` great sense '' of winning the scottish premiership title .
brazil 's former president , dilma rousseff , has been arrested in connection with a corruption scandal involving president dilma rousseff .
the european union is to set up a deal with the european union to help tackle the migrant crisis in calais .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of a council in cambridgeshire .
wildlife officials in the us state of oregon have called for urgent action to protect wild animals in the national park .
two french soldiers have been killed in a gun attack on the french consulate in mali 's capital , bamako , witnesses say .
substitute matt green scored a late winner as mansfield town came from behind to beat cheltenham .
five - time olympic champion sir bradley wiggins claimed his first win of the season with victory in the final of the tour de france .
it 's been a turbulent year for asian markets .
wales ' first minister carwyn jones has said she will not stand in the welsh assembly next year .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says he is hopeful manu tuilagi will leave the premiership club .
karam chand , one of the uk 's best - known couples , has died at the age of 74 .
at least 19 people are now known to have died after a magnitude earthquake hit southern spain , officials say .
human remains found in a garden in bath have been found in a garden near bristol .
the australian government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about a boat carrying asylum seekers in vietnam .
a man has been injured in a knife attack on a shopping centre in finland 's capital , warsaw .
it 's been a turbulent year for prime minister david cameron 's decision to leave the eu .
mae yna ôl cymru yn dweud bod rhai o gofal mae yng nghymru yn cael eu gweithwyr yng nghymru .
cardiff devils have signed cardiff devils forward ryan haddad on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
google shares fell sharply in after - hours trading on wednesday , helped by strong quarterly earnings .
us president donald trump has said he will not be able to travel to syria to return to the united states .
a man who suffered severe burns when he was hit by a train has had his leg amputated after being hit by a train .
one of the most famous trees in the uk is to be restored to the public for the first time .
an inquest into the death of dale dale , whose body was found at the bottom of the uk , has been found dead .
portugal maintained their 100 % start to the euro 2016 campaign with a comfortable victory over portugal at euro 2016 .
the majority of people in northern ireland are worried about the impact of the brexit vote , a survey has suggested .
anastasia deyeva , one of ukraine 's best - known politicians , has been named as the new head of the ukrainian government .
a rare exhibition of a north yorkshire artist has gone on display in north shields .
clashes have broken out in the palestinian capital , jerusalem , after clashes between palestinian protesters and palestinians .
sir philip green has been named as the new chief executive of british retail group sir philip green .
one of the world 's most famous steam locomotives has returned to london .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has called for a ` ` new attack on terrorism '' in the wake of the paris attacks .
the mother of a girl who was sexually abused by a 15-year - old girl has told a court she was ` ` too scared '' to be reunited with her parents .
it 's almost a year since the general election campaign gets under way on thursday .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has outlined her party 's plans for the holyrood election .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in nearly a decade , official figures have shown .
batsman martin guptill hit a century as pakistan beat pakistan by eight wickets in their opening game at the oval .
a man has died after being hit by a car in north yorkshire .
one of the uk 's biggest tech firms , sark , has been bought by the uk 's first show tracker .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group have agreed to resume talks with the country 's largest rebel group , the farc .
labour 's deputy leader tom watson has called for an end to jeremy corbyn 's leadership of the labour leadership .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill praised his side 's defensive performance after their 1 - 0 defeat by northern ireland at the world cup .
the uk government has raised more than # 4 m in funding for the uk government 's investment fund .
plaid cymru has launched its manifesto for the welsh government 's plan to cut the number of people in wales .
a british man has been arrested in turkey in connection with the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
a south african judge has ruled that south african athlete oscar pistorius will face trial over the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
one of the world 's most famous giant is to go on display at the royal botanic garden in london .
the taliban in the afghan capital , kabul , have shot dead the taliban leader mullah akhtar mansour , the bbc has learned .
police in the french city of kalashnikov have raided a convoy in the capital , paris , killing at least two people , officials say .
james hildreth hit a career - best century as hampshire fought back from two balls down to beat hampshire at taunton .
the welsh government has been accused of ` ` arrogance '' over the welsh government 's decision to leave the eu .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the philippine city of marawi in the philippine city of marawi , officials say .
the mother of a five - year - old girl who went missing after a night out in portugal has been reunited with her mother .
manchester united striker papiss cisse has been banned for two matches for violent conduct by the football association .
more than half of scottish voters have voted to vote for the scottish independence referendum .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in the occupied west bank .
scientists say they have solved the existence of the comet lander , which is thought to be the first of its kind in europe .
guernsey 's fa cup fifth - round tie against guernsey will be played on the eve of the english fa cup .
the transfer deadline of 222 m euros -lrb- # 200 m -rrb- transfer transfer fee has come into force .
entertainer jerry harris has died at the age of 72 , his family has announced .
paul carlile , who has died at the age of 37 , was one of the most famous men in the world .
the grand national at aintree is under way , with organisers calling for the national grand prix to be changed .
a woman who had a rare form of leukaemia after she was diagnosed with leukaemia has said she will not be able to return to the uk .
world number one ronnie moore says male male tennis players should be ` ` ashamed '' after being accused of ` ` sexist '' comments about female male tennis player .
hundreds of soldiers have taken part in a march to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of bloody sunday .
a number of hens eggs have been sold at auction in new york for the first time .
the welsh labour leader has said he does not think labour leader jeremy corbyn should be the next leader of the welsh conservatives .
` ` it 's the dark web , '' says to tor , the founder of the dark web network .
southern rail conductors are to be balloted for strike action in a dispute over pay , the rmt union has said .
the number of cases of measles being vaccinated in wales has risen for the first time in more than two years .
harlequins have agreed a deal to sign fly - half ruaridh jackson from saracens for the 2017 - 18 season .
us president donald trump has announced that he will step down as president of the united states .
in the wake of the attack on social media in the wake of the paris attacks , newspapers have been talking about what they describe as ` ` jobless '' and ` ` jobless '' .
paris st - germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic has signed a new five - year contract with the ligue 1 club .
the government 's plan to allow i d i d i d i d cards to collect i d cards has been launched .
an independent review is to be carried out into the treatment of patients at a royal liverpool hospital , the bbc has learned .
a group of un human rights activists have called on the government to investigate the killing of a british soldier in sri lanka .
archaeologists in israel say they have uncovered the remains of a temple in the ancient temple of earth .
crotone crotone scored a late winner as lazio came from behind to beat lazio and go top of the table .
the trailer for the new james bond film spectre has been stopped by police .
pop star ray ray has been named the bbc 's sound of 2017 list .
the mother of a 15-year - old girl who was hit by a train has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the school curriculum .
ireland reached the semi - finals of the one - day cup with a porterfield victory over afghanistan in dublin .
more than 100 people are feared dead after a boat carrying migrants sank off the coast of libya , officials say .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the m1 in northamptonshire .
china 's latest lunar data data has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first three months of the year .
acts acts , hebcelt imelda and dougie imelda are among the acts for this year 's scottish acts awards .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on tuesday , helped by a surge in oil prices .
it is one of the most famous poets in the history of wales .
health secretary vaughan gething has said the health service in wales will be ` ` big '' for the uk 's health service .
hundreds of people have taken part in a series of thefts in birmingham , the bbc has learned .
people have been using your questions to ask us what they want to know about the west midlands .
south africa striker manolo carayol says he has no regrets about retiring for the rest of the season .
the family of a seven - year - old girl who died in a house fire in dorset have launched a appeal to raise money for charity .
the leader of the uk independence party , paul banks , has said he will not stand in the party 's leadership .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer .
a man from somerset has become the first person to swim the length of the river severn .
the brother of a british man killed in the tunisia terror attack has said he is ` ` devastated '' by his brother 's death .
borussia dortmund missed the chance to go top of the bundesliga as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by borussia dortmund .
an israeli man has been killed and another injured in an attack on a bar in the israeli city of jerusalem , police say .
stoke maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable win over stoke .
a collection of # 20,000 has been sold at auction for # 20,000 at auction .
one of the most famous characters in the world has gone on show in the us .
us rocket manufacturer lab has successfully launched its first test in the united states .
manchester united will play manchester united in a pre - season friendly at the end of the season .
royal mail has announced plans to close a planned pension plan for royal mail and the royal mail .
theresa may has told theresa may that she would not be leaving the eu if the uk leaves the eu .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of a new music festival in the uk .
the government has been accused of ` ` arrogance '' over the government 's handling of the state pension scheme .
somerset made it two wins out of five in the one - day cup with a 260 win over gloucestershire at taunton .
un secretary general ban ki - moon has signed a deal aimed at ending the conflict in the country .
a man has been given a suspended jail sentence for selling meat meat .
forfar athletic maintained their seven - point lead at the top of scottish league two with a 2 - 1 win over annan athletic .
shares in asia were mixed on monday after the country 's central bank said it would raise interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
a council has called for a ban on the sale of children 's restaurants in kent .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing a record high .
west ham striker diafra sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme in northern ireland is to be investigated by the government .
manchester united climbed to the top of the premier league with a convincing victory over manchester united at old trafford .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid came from behind to beat real madrid and go top of la liga .
barry ferguson has urged his hibernian players to do more to avoid relegation from the scottish league cup .
the girlfriend of the south african athlete oscar pistorius has been found not guilty of murder .
hundreds of fans have been arrested in connection with a football match in the united arab emirates .
the government has been accused of ` ` outrageous '' changes to the way high street shops are introduced in england and wales .
the government has launched a new initiative to protect flood defences in the north - east of england .
the cost of student loans in wales has risen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
one of the world 's most famous sheep , wolf wolf , is one of the most dark sheep in the world .
a man has been shot dead in a car in the republic of ireland .
inverness caledonian thistle have signed former celtic forward spaniard etxabeguren on a two - year deal .
swansea city head coach paul clement says he will be interested in signing chelsea defender john terry .
a bomb has been found in the grounds of a house in north belfast .
cameroon defender 29-year - old cameroon has signed a new four - year deal with the premier league club .
wakefield maintained their perfect start to the super league season with a comfortable victory over wakefield .
thousands of litres of water in york have been left without water after a fault at a water treatment works .
the us supreme court has ruled in favour of gay marriage in the us .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week .
the australian bank of england -lrb- parent -rrb- has announced it is to pay # sum to the uk 's biggest mortgage lender .
andy murray reached the second round of the australian open with a straight - set win over belgium 's david goffin .
the former head of the house of lords has called on the government to do more to protect the legacy of the troubles .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of two girls who were abducted by the taliban .
the number of flights to the uk 's flight to the uk has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has called on the welsh government to make changes to the welsh government .
queen of the south claimed their first championship win of the season as they were held to a draw by queen of the south .
the oil and gas industry has announced it will close its north sea oil and gas jobs in the north sea .
the gender identity of a gender solution to gender equality has been published by the bbc .
one of the world 's most famous creator is to return to the west end next year .
a man has died after falling from cliffs in north wales .
the company behind the # kickstarter redevelopment of pembrokeshire 's pembrokeshire prototype project has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' by the project .
a rail route between edinburgh and edinburgh has been cancelled due to a technical fault .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' that the fukushima nuclear disaster was responsible for the disaster .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has released a list of suspects in the uk to be convicted of child sex offences .
the parents of a british soldier who went missing in the us state of oregon say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the search for his son .
california governor jerry california has declared a state of emergency in the us state of california for the first time in more than two years .
a petition calling for a ban on the sale of animals in wales is being debated by the welsh government .
england captain joe root says his side can not afford to beat sri lanka in the last 16 of the world twenty20 .
a mental health trust has been criticised for not doing enough to protect inmates at a mental health trust .
st mirren moved up to second place in the national league with a comfortable victory over arbroath .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in county tyrone .
the bbc 's sound of the bbc 's sound of the bbc 's sound of bbc radio 4 's today programme .
eurotunnel has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the migrant crisis at calais on the channel tunnel .
two men have been taken to hospital after being stolen from a shop in shop , county antrim .
olympic gold medallist rio de janeiro has announced it is ending its bid to buy a stake in the world 's biggest a$ threshold .
arbroath moved to within two points of scottish league two leaders forfar with a comfortable win at stirling albion .
x factor winner dermot o'leary has signed a new contract with itv .
the news letter of northern ireland 's political parties will be published in the run - up to the general election .
one of the biggest films in the history of film classification has been hailed as a success for the first time .
us prime minister shinzo abe will visit the japanese embassy in hawaii on the first day of his visit to the us .
newcastle united have signed striker dwight gayle from newcastle united for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a man who was killed in the london terror attack .
a bird had to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck on the roof of a house .
the snp has rejected plans to relax the hunting of english laws on english laws in england and wales .
us president barack obama has said he is worried about donald trump 's us election victory in the white house .
the number of drivers caught up in the uk has risen by more than 30 % in the past five years , a bbc investigation has found .
the us space agency has launched a new system that aims to control the size of the universe .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences against jimmy savile .
a man has been given a chance to return to the united states for the first time in more than 30 years .
the number of pupils in scotland 's schools has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to official figures .
a former ukip mp has been cleared of being part of an inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations .
gloucestershire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has backed plans for a new police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
tottenham maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over tottenham at wembley .
tony blair 's new prime minister , tony blair , has been sworn in as prime minister .
a review of undercover policing in scotland is to be investigated by the scottish government .
the world 's largest aircraft manufacturer , canadian , has arrived in the uk for the first time .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow in parts of scotland .
voters in london are campaigning for a new general election on 8 june .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain in mid wales .
police in nigeria say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a police officer in the capital , abuja .
a new calmac ferry is to be built in orkney for the first time in more than 50 years .
burnley missed the chance to go top of the championship after being held to a goalless draw by burnley .
nhs scotland has paid more than # overtime in overtime payments paid to consultants in england , the bbc has learned .
newport gwent dragons fly - half dan biggar has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
apple chief executive tim cook has been sold for $ benefit -lrb- # hathaway -rrb- at an auction of $ benefit -lrb- # tag -rrb- .
an australian woman has been found dead in an indonesian coffee restaurant , police say .
one of the uk 's most famous dave is to be removed from a museum in lincolnshire .
the us state of florida has issued a $ 1.1 m -lrb- Â # 4.2 m -rrb- fine for the first time in more than a decade .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has voted in favour of the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- over the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
the us presidential candidate , sarah gwen , has died at the age of 83 .
everton manager roberto martinez says the club 's poor start to the season was a ` ` huge blow '' .
an australian zoo in australia has been rescued from a zoo in new zealand .
the number of people living in england and wales has risen for the first time in five years , according to new research .
ulster bank has reported a pre - tax profit of # profit for the first half of the year .
a new study has suggested that some of the world 's top doctors may have a negative impact on obesity .
the irish government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that a new home for unmarried mothers has been uncovered in the republic of ireland .
hungary 's conor golden has been named in the great britain team for the 2018 world cup .
thailand 's aviation watchdog has ordered the country 's aviation regulator to review the safety of the country 's aviation watchdog .
two men have been found guilty of conspiring to supply more than # 1 m worth of heroin into the uk .
a cat has been rescued from a devastating earthquake in south - west london .
voters have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the west midlands .
iran 's supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , has called on iran to end its nuclear programme .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo beat african champions tp mazembe in the first leg of their african confederation cup final .
plans to build a hydro hydro in snowdonia have been rejected by the welsh government .
the football association has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the death of a terminally ill footballer who died from brain injuries .
us secretary of state john kerry has said the paris climate agreement will be a ` ` major step forward '' on climate change .
torquay united have agreed a deal to buy torquay united .
more than half of schools in england and wales will be given extra exam grades , according to the exams watchdog ofqual .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the european union 's proposed controversial eu trade deal .
romelu lukaku says he wants to stay in the premier league next season .
linfield manager paul o'neill is confident his team will face cliftonville in saturday 's irish premiership final at seaview on saturday .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has said he will not be able to host the general election debates in the run - up to the general election .
belgium 's king abdullah has accused belgium 's president of trying to ` ` undermine '' the country 's prime minister 's questions .
wigan stretched their unbeaten start to the championship season with a comfortable victory over wigan .
images courtesy of afp , ap , epa and reuters .
one of the world 's most famous it , the thai bangkok , is one of the world 's most thailand it .
a man has been charged with fraud after a number of people were arrested on suspicion of fraud .
the chief executive of the company that runs the scottish borders has said he hopes to remain at the end of the year .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a hospital in cumbria .
tens of thousands of people have lined the streets of edinburgh to mark the 30th anniversary of the edinburgh festival .
leeds rhinos maintained their perfect start to the super league season with a narrow victory over leeds rhinos .
house prices in england and wales have risen for the first time in three years , according to official figures .
plans for a # 380 m shake - up of liverpool 's a&e department have been unveiled by the government .
manchester city council has been criticised for failing to pay more than # 20 m over the next five years .
more than a third of patients in the uk are not being treated for skin cancer , a study has found .
a judicial review has been ordered for a judicial review into the future of a cycle nature reserve in derby .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman in the republic of ireland .
hundreds of eels have been rescued from a pembrokeshire nature reserve .
the judge in the case of an unarmed man who was shot dead by police in west belfast has been given a suspended prison sentence .
the chinese capital , beijing , is changing its toilets in a bid to improve the toilets of women 's toilets .
ospreys ' hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at clermont auvergne .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says striker sergio aguero could be out for the rest of the season .
more than a third of people in wales are being bullied by the welsh government , a bbc wales investigation has found .
the mayor of the us state of los angeles has been ordered to sell the chief executive of the us basketball association -lrb- california -rrb- .
the duke of cambridge has announced he is leaving his post at the end of the year .
some of the world 's most famous journalists have been reacting to the channel islands .
a group of mps has called for an investigation into the use of software that could be used to hack the internet .
eoin morgan says he is ` ` very proud '' to play in england 's one - day cup quarter - final against australia on saturday .
students at the university of london are to be balloted on strike action in a row over pay .
two irish students who died in a balcony accident in berkeley , california , have been killed in a balcony accident in berkeley , california .
at least 20 inmates have escaped from a prison in papua new guinea , police say .
police in paris say they have found a way to kill a lion in the french town of orly .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of the extinct species of extinct species in australia .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- is investigating claims that a car stolen from his car was stolen from his car .
a group of victims of the ulster unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- have called for a change to the pension scheme in northern ireland .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a train in the french alps .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in wigan .
thousands of people will travel to hull to mark the first anniversary of the london 2012 olympics .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of players who have tested positive for the 2016 olympics .
the social care system in england and wales is set to rise by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new report .
colchester united extended their unbeaten run to six games with a goalless draw at colchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in greater manchester .
a body has been found to be the first person to be rescued from the river severn in suffolk .
the number of people smoking in the world has fallen to its lowest level in five years , according to a new report .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in leeds .
one of the world 's most famous and influential musicians , bonham bonham , has died at the age of 91 .
england 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by france in their opening group c match in paris on saturday .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at today 's general election .
facebook has filed a lawsuit against facebook over a long - running dispute over facebook 's long - running legal dispute .
one of scotland 's most successful bikes is to be honoured in the queen 's birthday honours list .
heroin is one of the most addictive drug users in wales .
a man has died after a crash on the m6 in birmingham .
the metropolitan police has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the safety of the london bridge terror attack .
bradford 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at rochdale .
jules bianchi 's decision to retire from formula 1 at the end of the season came to an end .
the metropolitan police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to be investigated over allegations of historical child abuse allegations .
one of the world 's most famous cake has been named the winner of the year competition .
a cross - party group of lawyers has called for a judicial review of the uk 's membership of the european union .
it 's one of the most influential actors in the world .
britain 's katie archibald won gold in the women 's omnium at the uci track cycling world championships in london .
the nhs in england is failing to cut the number of nhs staff in england , the bbc has learned .
portsmouth came from behind to beat portsmouth and reach the fa cup fourth round .
british astronaut tim peake has become the first person to complete the international space station .
the conservatives have retained control of the uk 's most prestigious social media sites in england and wales .
former foreign secretary william hague has called on the uk government to help tackle the conflict in iraq .
the mother of a woman murdered by her estranged wife has been told she will not be prosecuted over her death .
when theresa may decided to retire from the general election , she had no idea that she had no idea she was going to die .
britain 's geraint thomas won the second stage of the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
two men have been arrested in connection with the discovery of a man 's body in the isle of man .
apple has launched an investigation into the use of a software that allows apple users to access access to their mobile phones .
the family of a british man who died in the yacht off the coast of hampshire have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
a suicide bomber has attacked a hospital in the afghan capital kabul , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
manchester city have agreed a deal to sign brazil striker carlos tevez for an undisclosed fee .
rail fares in england and wales have risen for the first time in more than two years , the rail service has said .
the conservatives have gained overall control of durham county council .
rolls - royce 's chief executive has told the bbc that rolls - royce is considering a ` ` rolls - royce '' approach to rolls - royce .
thailand 's government has warned that a slowdown in the number of visitors to the economy is at its lowest level since the end of 2015 .
pop star sir elton john has launched a concert in london for the first time in more than two decades .
york boosted their national league survival hopes with a comfortable win over york at bootham crescent .
as india 's new chief executive , india 's chief executive , virat kohli , has told the bbc .
a man has admitted killing a six - month - old baby boy at his home in hull .
a police officer who was found guilty of gross misconduct has been jailed for five years .
a cardiff university student has been taken to hospital after being deported from sri lanka .
swiss prosecutors are investigating the alleged manipulation of swiss football 's governing body fifa .
former mercedes technical director paddy lowe is to join williams at the end of the season .
lifeguards should be charged with the deaths of six people at camber sands in the summer , an inquest has found .
britain 's jamie proctor won the british open for the first time with a straight - set victory over croatia 's julien shuker .
scotland captain greig laidlaw says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the prospect of scotland scrum - half conor murray .
bath have signed hooker tom bath from cornish pirates for an undisclosed fee .
the immune system in the body 's immune system has been described as ` ` exciting '' by scientists in the us .
england 's tommy fleetwood missed out on a place in the final round of the fleetwood championship at hole .
the secretary of state , michael gove , has written to theresa may over a row over alleged extremism in the commons .
a tin mine in cornwall is to be restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
durham secured their first win of the season with a matches victory over durham in the one - day cup .
the former sinn féin leader gerry adams has died at the age of 93 .
scientists have developed a glass glass glass glass glass glass at glass glass .
munster coach anthony foley has been talking about his life at the age of 16 .
two people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the mental health of the country 's civil war .
a judge in the us state of pennsylvania has filed a lawsuit against former comedian bill cosby over allegations of sexual assault .
the uk 's top female figures have been named the most powerful women in the uk .
microsoft has launched a new type of htc release that can be used to make it easier for the first time .
if you want to know about the future of the world 's most famous japanese tv series ?
residents in the uk are being warned not to use their homes in a bid to tackle anti - social behaviour in the uk .
ireland fast bowler boyd rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket .
league one side doncaster rovers have signed hull city midfielder jack dixon on loan until the end of the season .
the former chief executive of liverpool has been awarded the freedom of the city of liverpool .
police in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh say they have arrested a man in connection with a sexual assault on a teenage girl .
if you want to know what 's going to be the most successful olympic gold medal ?
the defence secretary has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the uk 's armed forces in the wake of the brexit vote .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at a south yorkshire council , the council has said .
thousands of virgin trains across the east of england are to go on strike in a dispute over pay .
west ham manager slaven bilic says his side 's poor start to the premier league season was ` ` embarrassing '' .
peterborough boss peter mccann says he has no regrets about losing the league one play - off final against peterborough .
plans for a new university campus in belfast have been submitted to the city centre .
police in the us state of michigan have arrested a man in connection with an incident in which a man was hit by a car .
more than half of children in northern ireland are being encouraged to take part in a school in a bid to boost education .
formula 1 's formula 1 title will be a big blow for formula 1 's formula 1 title .
the use of a drug to treat the effects of alzheimer 's disease has been explained by scientists .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in fife .
russian president vladimir putin has told the bbc that he will not accept a new deal with the european union -lrb- au -rrb- .
disney has said it will not allow the release of a new instalment of the disney film , which has been blocked by censors in malaysia .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones says he will not be able to sign a new contract with the british and irish lions .
the site of the ashley madison website , the website , has been hacked by hackers .
the scottish government is to hold a summit on the uk 's membership of the european union .
a fin whale that washed up on a norfolk beach has been found in a norfolk beach .
republicans in the us senate have voted in favour of a plan to repeal the obama - era healthcare bill .
the northern ireland assembly has said it will investigate allegations of electoral fraud in the republic of ireland .
the father of a man who was shot dead by police in the us state of louisiana has been charged with murder .
at least 11 people have been killed in a fire at a school in the northern indian city of kano , officials say .
manchester united 's teenage striker marcus rashford has signed a new contract with the premier league club .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in south lanarkshire .
housing tenants in england and wales are being warned about buying social housing tenants in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
north korea says it has successfully tested an intercontinental ballistic missile -lrb- icbm -rrb- , according to reports .
glasgow warriors director of rugby dave blair says his side are capable of signing a new contract with glasgow warriors .
the canadian parliament has approved a bill that would allow the national anthem to become a national anthem .
the international pisa tests in international science tests have shown the pace of international tests in international education tests .
rangers manager gary anderson says he is ` ` very sorry '' to play in the scottish cup semi - final against celtic .
a row has broken out over plans for a new catholic church in gwynedd .
a large sinkhole has been spotted in the lake district in the republic of ireland .
northern ireland 's kris meeke was knocked out of the world rally championship in the first round of the world rally championship .
a new # 6 m visitor park in the centre of the isle of wight has been officially opened .
four people have been sentenced to death in china 's restive xinjiang region , state media report .
england captain roy hodgson said he was ` ` embarrassed '' by his side 's 5 - 0 win over sri lanka in the first one - day international .
first minister arlene foster has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not support jeremy corbyn as leader of the labour party .
the police ombudsman has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about an investigation into the police ombudsman 's office -lrb- ruc -rrb- .
a man has died after being involved in a collision with a car in east london .
atletico madrid manager diego simeone says his side 's champions league exit from the copa del rey could be a ` ` disaster '' .
the european union has signed a deal with the european union over the uk 's exit from the european union .
a fire that broke out at a recycling plant in staffordshire is being investigated by the fire service .
a woman in afghanistan has been sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of raping and sexually abusing two young girls .
indonesia is to become the first country in the world to introduce a ban on female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- .
us president barack obama has called for an end to the law that would allow us citizens to take legal action against the 9/11 attacks .
dup leader ian bell has accused the dup 's handling of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
former first minister alex salmond has told the scottish parliament that the scottish independence referendum was a ` ` major step forward '' .
former radio dj chris denning has been found guilty of historical child sex offences against boys .
hearts head coach robbie neilson praised his side 's defensive performance after his side 's 2 - 1 europa league defeat by birkirkara .
the scottish defence secretary has announced plans to build two new warships on the clyde at the start of the year .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a woman who was shot in the head with a chainsaw .
morecambe boss jim bentley says the club 's poor start to the season was a ` ` massive achievement '' .
a man has been shot dead at a school in the southern indian city of bangalore , police say .
hundreds of students at a cardiff university are being asked to apply for their courses in the wake of the financial crisis .
a texas police officer has appeared in court charged with inciting racial hatred .
free school meals for infant pupils in england will be cut by the end of next year , the government says .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he was ` ` embarrassed '' by the team 's players after they were sent off in the first half of the scottish cup .
former fifa president chilean chilean has been suspended from all football - related activity for two years after being found guilty of corruption .
mercedes boss toto wolff says it is ` ` very sorry '' that the formula 1 drivers should be banned from qualifying for the world grand prix .
more than a third of councils in england are living in the housing market , according to local councils .
archaeologists have described the ` ` protect '' of the ` ` ritual '' of medieval buildings in england and wales .
the uk 's national security agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has been awarded # degrees m by the uk government .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who died in a swimming pool has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by an inquest .
north korea has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that north korea 's nuclear weapons programme has been cancelled .
liverpool 's fa cup third - round tie against liverpool at anfield has been described as ` ` unbelievable '' by the football association .
the number of beach huts in dorset has risen by more than 30 % in a year , the council has said .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- is to investigate allegations of failings in the case of a man who died in police custody .
us actress casey kasem , who has died at the age of 77 , has died at the age of 77 .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
a group of victims of sexual violence in egypt have said they are ` ` shocked '' by a report by the bbc .
championship side cornish pirates will not be able to play in the championship , according to chairman simon durkin .
england will face hosts france in the last 16 of the european champions cup .
heavy rain has caused disruption in parts of wales .
a committee of mps has called for an inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in birmingham .
uptown funk has returned to the top of the uk singles chart for the first time .
bbc news ni has announced the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the bbc news news programme .
wikileaks founder julian assange has defended the cia 's handling of the hacking of wikileaks founder julian assange .
mae dyn wedi ei ôl am ei ôl wedi ei ôl am ei ôl yn ei ôl .
if you want to know about the future of bhs , the bbc 's matalan philip looks set to be the biggest business in the uk .
the decision to abolish the case of child sexual exploitation in england and wales is to be scrapped , labour has announced .
the bank of scotland 's financial regulator , the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- , is set to cut the amount of money they receive in the financial sector .
the royal bank of scotland is to close its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
a county down school has been forced to close because of a fall in the number of pupils in gloucestershire .
millwall extended their unbeaten run to six games with a hard - fought win at millwall .
one of the world 's most famous memorabilia , noel norton , has died aged 95 .
scientists in the us state of oregon say they have found a new way to eradicate the deadly fruit of bats .
the 30th anniversary of the death of a teenage girl who was killed in a car crash in north wales has been marked .
police in the us state of south carolina have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the capital , kampala .
league one side fleetwood town have signed striker gary taylor - fletcher from fellow league one side bury for an undisclosed fee .
plans to build a new road in somerset have been approved by the county council .
soldiers from the 1st battalion british soldiers have joined forces in afghanistan to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
the proportion of top a - level grades in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official results have shown .
premier league clubs spent # playback on agents in the premier league last season , according to new figures .
a county down gp has been given a suspended jail term after he was given a suspended jail term after being convicted of drug offences .
a man has been shot dead at a house in west london .
scotland reached the quarter - finals of the six nations with a lopez win over france in paris .
us president barack obama has been accused of breaking the law at a secret service in the white house , the white house has said .
the brazilian government has agreed to pay $ waste bn -lrb- Â # agreement bn -rrb- to settle a lawsuit over the collapse of a dam in brazil .
world number one andy murray says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of people attending the paris terror attacks .
us intelligence leaker edward snowden has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the details of the us government 's phone surveillance programme .
oscar - winning actor chartoff chartoff has died at the age of 83 , his family has announced .
lego artist ai weiwei is to use a collection of photos by artist ai weiwei as part of a new exhibition .
pop star madonna has returned to the top of the us series of the first series of the us tour of washington .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping of a british woman who went missing in italy .
warrington 's hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by widnes .
david cameron has said leaving the eu would be a ` ` national error '' if the uk leaves the eu .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has warned that the us will be ` ` abrogate '' in the fight against the obama administration .
president : hassan rouhani .
syria 's foreign minister sergei lavrov has urged the us and russia to hold talks with the us and russia .
fidel castro is one of the world 's most famous politicians , fidel castro , who has died aged 88 .
jonas jonas became the first player to score three goals in the final half of the season as they beat andré corner in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie .
the body of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych , mr armitage , has been shot dead in the capital , kiev .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said the corporation tax is ` ` not good enough '' to invest in corporation tax .
the body of a man has been recovered from the river nith in hampshire , police have said .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- is being investigated by french far - right leader marine le pen , the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party .
the last airworthy vulcan bomber is to be restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
the royal bank of scotland has unveiled a new # 5 note for the first time in more than 30 years .
the pilot of a helicopter that crashed on the isle of wight has been named by police .
the european commission has approved the eu 's decision to leave the european union and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a railway line between oxford and oxford has reopened following a landslip .
stoke maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable win over stoke .
rail passengers in the east midlands have been told they will be able to travel to the railway line after the easter storms .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in lancashire .
in the wake of the paris attacks , many of the students who were killed by a gunman at a school in paris have been speaking to the bbc .
a museum in cambridgeshire is to close its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
ireland coach joe schmidt is confident his side will recover from their schmidt defeat by new zealand in dublin on saturday .
cross - channel ferry services in calais have been suspended after a court ruled it underpaid the company .
two men have been rescued after their fishing boat capsized off the coast of cumbria .
wales ' nathan cleverly says he will fight juergen braehmer for the wba world welterweight title in germany .
bolton moved up to third in the championship table with a comfortable win over brentford .
solihull moors moved to the top of the national league with a goalless draw at home to solihull moors .
the board of rangers football club has said it is ` ` very disappointed '' about the future of the club 's board .
britain 's jordanne whiley and gordon reid have reached the final of the men 's wheelchair doubles final for the first time .
former hearts striker jon daly says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
at least two people have been killed in a rocket attack on a turkish airport in egypt 's capital , cairo , officials say .
bolivia 's president evo morales has signed a law aimed at curbing the country 's children 's law .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the death of al - qaeda leader osama bin laden .
t in the park organisers have been chosen to host the park at t in the park festival .
the leader of the tibetan tibetan group , the tibetan tibetan tibetan group , has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of china 's population .
virat kohli 's century helped india to a six - wicket victory over india in the third test at the oval .
hibernian manager neil lennon has been given a one - match touchline ban after being sent off in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie against brondby .
cross - channel ferry services in dover have been suspended after a lorry driver was stranded in a freight container .
former labour leadership contender tony blair has accused the party of failing to ` ` undermine '' the party 's leadership .
former dhlakama has been elected as the new president of the democratic republic of congo .
saracens fly - half owen farrell has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
dundee have appointed former dundee boss grant mccann as their new manager .
ukip leadership hopeful steven woolfe has said he will not stand in the contest for the party 's leadership contest .
former premier league club afc wimbledon have signed a new contract with the club .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he would be interested in aston villa 's managerial vacancy at aston villa .
an extra # 10 m will be spent on improving the isle of wight 's minority park , the council has said .
pakistan produced a superb batting display to beat pakistan in a thrilling final test at the oval .
myanmar 's opposition leader shwe mann has been elected as the new leader of myanmar 's parliament .
a new scheme to help women with mental health problems has been launched by the royal college of obstetricians .
the cleveland cubs beat west indies in the first game of the cubs series in cleveland .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in dumfries and galloway .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in birmingham .
middlesex have appointed former captain james franklin as their new captain .
the irish army has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the discovery of the egyptair plane that crashed in the irish city of antrim .
iain duncan smith has called for more support for disability benefits in england and wales .
us student otto warmbier has been diagnosed with a brain tumour , the us state department says .
premier league clubs have agreed a deal to buy a controlling stake in premier league premier league -lrb- premier -rrb- .
the chief executive of the world 's biggest nuclear power plant , edf , has said it is in talks to sell the country 's biggest nuclear power plant .
the number of people reported hate crimes in canada rose by a third in the past year , according to new figures .
when sir peter whitehouse was accused of being the victim of an alleged sexual assault on the british isles , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has learned to the bbc .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an incident in cardiff city centre .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' by the council 's plans to build a new site in oxford .
tributes have been paid to actor and actor john hughes , who has died at the age of 83 .
northern ireland 's kyle edmund won olympic gold in the men 's flyweight final at the world championships in germany .
chinese authorities have arrested more than 100 chinese citizens , including china 's state - run news agency xinhua , in the wake of the tianjin bombing .
david cameron has accused david cameron of being ` ` settling '' over the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
a cargo ship has been towed into the sea off the southern coast of the western isles , officials have said .
supermarket chain morrisons has reported a sharp fall in sales for the three months to the end of december .
a scottish writer has become the first in the uk to be awarded the freedom of the university of scotland .
chelsea defender kenneth omeruo says he has been left out of the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
the chief executive of sport ni , carál ní chuilín , has resigned .
a 15-year - old girl has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction after a girl 's body was found in a wooded area .
two sheep have been found guilty of animal cruelty after being stolen from a farm in carmarthenshire .
us comedian bill cosby has announced he will not stand trial over allegations of sexual assault .
sky , the uk 's biggest broadband provider , has reported its first major update to the uk 's broadband network .
in the wake of the scottish independence referendum , scotland was not the only part of the scottish independence referendum .
ipswich town have signed striker kieffer moore from ipswich town for an undisclosed fee .
england midfielder young young has been named england under-21 player of the month for an undisclosed fee .
the government has outlined its plans for a shake - up of the uk 's biggest companies , the government has announced .
england reached the rugby world cup final with a tries victory over new zealand in auckland .
the van gogh painting , which is believed to be the oldest van in the uk , has been put up for sale .
british number one andy murray will play andy murray in the davis cup final at the davis cup in toronto on saturday .
police in the north - eastern mexican state of tamaulipas have arrested three people in connection with the killing of 43 people , officials say .
a court in guatemala has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of a man who was shot dead in the capital , guatemala .
russian athletes should be banned from competing at next year 's rio olympics , says world athletics chairman vitaly mutko .
former world champion david beckham has become the first british man to win a world title in the united states .
british number one andy murray is in intensive care for the first time since becoming the first british player to reach the world number one .
rail passengers in the east midlands are to be balloted for strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
chelsea midfielder david luiz has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club .
ed sheeran has pulled out of this year 's glastonbury festival .
a commuter train has become the first indian woman to complete the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- .
a swan has been rescued after being rescued from a fishing centre in east sussex .
comedian eddie izzard has become the first person to run in the south african city of johannesburg for the first time .
the first trailer for ben affleck in the new batman film is to be screened at this year 's cannes film festival .
the uk government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu after brexit .
belfast giants moved to within a point of the elite league play - offs with a comfortable win over cardiff city .
a police officer has told an inquest how he fired a taser at his parents ' home in east sussex .
german airline lufthansa has agreed to pay up to $ 50 m -lrb- # industry -rrb- over the next three years , the german airline says .
the parents of a couple who died in the calais terror attack have been told they will not face charges , the high court has heard .
charlie hebdo , the former editor of charlie hebdo , has died at the age of 90 .
iran has agreed to resume a nuclear deal with the world 's largest nuclear reactor , the world health organization says .
parents in denbighshire have been told they can not be allowed to travel to the bus stop by the end of the year .
care homes in wales have been criticised by a report by the care quality commission -lrb- wao -rrb- .
dagenham & redbridge were held to a draw by promotion - chasing dagenham & redbridge in the national league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the us .
the archbishop of wales has called on the church of wales to be given the freedom of the church of wales .
president donald trump has told the bbc that he will not be the next president of the united states .
dundee moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over dundee at dens park .
two men have been arrested in connection with the deaths of two men who went missing in the united arab emirates .
all images are copyrighted .
north korean leader kim jong - un has been arrested in connection with the death of north korean leader kim jong - un .
oxford united came from behind to beat oxford united and go top of the league two table .
national league side dover athletic have signed dover athletic midfielder shaun marsh on a season - long loan deal .
the chief executive of tata steel has said he is not worried about the future of the tata steel company .
the number of secondary school lollipop officers in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to new figures .
emoji flags , laptops and laptops are among the designs for a new emoji emoji emoji emoji .
former manchester united and england striker cole cole says he is ready to return to the premier league .
ian hutchinson is in a stable condition in hospital after being injured in a crash on the isle of man tt .
the trial of a man accused of attempting to shoot a fox on the isle of man has gone on trial .
shares in japanese electronics giant sony have fallen after it reported a rise in sales for the second quarter of the year .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by labour 's decision to scrap a cap on welfare reform .
australia fought back from two balls down to beat australia in the first test at the waca .
a police officer has apologised after he was arrested on suspicion of directing a train on a train .
the plight of refugees and refugees in northern ireland is a new home in northern ireland .
a police officer who raped and sexually assaulted a woman has been jailed for eight years .
a body has been found in the search for survivors of the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 .
for the first time in more than two years , the english football association -lrb- ecb -rrb- has made an emotional return to the west midlands .
brentford missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by brentford .
bradford city were knocked out of the fa cup at the expense of league two side bradford city .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man in cumbria .
leeds united chairman massimo cellino says he is not surprised by the club 's owners after the club 's relegation from the championship .
a new partnership between dundee and amsterdam has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
the women 's super league one club lincoln city have signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
the chairman of jcb , jcb , sir patrick jcb , has quit the campaign to leave the european union .
a police force has launched an investigation into reports of sexual assaults on women in nottingham .
exeter chiefs head coach danny chiefs says his side 's performances at the top of the premiership could be a ` ` blessing of respect '' .
hampshire all - rounder liam dawson has been ruled out of the rest of the world twenty20 .
the relationship between the relationship between west yorkshire and west yorkshire has been described as ` ` ridiculous '' by a report .
one of the uk 's biggest food firms has said it is working with the uk 's largest food chain , as part of a recruitment drive .
a man who had to be reunited with the armed forces during world war two has been reunited with his family .
a dog had a lucky escape after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt , police said .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a four - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship at wentworth .
an inquest into the death of a 91-year - old woman who died after falling from a hospital is being investigated by a coroner .
it 's one of the most successful games in the world .
the european commission president , jean - claude juncker , has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the migrant crisis in northern europe .
climate change is likely to reduce the amount of climate change , according to new research .
lazio have been banned from european competition for the first time since the champions league last-16 tie between uefa and lazio .
chelsea have completed the signing of chelsea striker cesc fabregas from atletico madrid for an undisclosed fee .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side 's poor start to the season was a ` ` disaster '' .
a woman from newcastle has become the first woman to win a professional competition at newcastle university .
northern ireland boss michael o'neill has told the bbc that northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against ukraine was a ` ` great opportunity '' .
the number of patients waiting for routine surgery in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the number of students taking exams in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , a study suggests .
the number of people killed by islamic state militants in syria has risen to its lowest level since the end of the year , the government has said .
russian athletes will be banned from competing at next year 's rio olympics , the country 's athletics federation says .
a campaign has been launched to campaign against the murder of asad shah , who was stabbed to death in glasgow .
bristol rovers have signed midfielder luke sweeney on a two - year deal following his release by bristol rovers .
scotland head coach martin martin says he is ` ` disappointed '' that scotland will face italy in sunday 's world cup qualifier against italy .
if you want to know about the outcome of the general election , here 's a look at some of the questions about the outcome of the referendum .
british number one andy murray is through to the quarter - finals of the aegon championships in eastbourne on sunday .
queens park rangers captain chris taylor has been given a one - match touchline ban by the rugby football union .
whatsapp has been ordered to pay more than $ 20 m -lrb- Â # whatsapp -rrb- over the next two years , the data commissioner has said .
manchester city have signed england under-19 international midfielder staniforth staniforth on a two - year deal .
two polish police officers have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a polish man .
the government in angola has approved a controversial law that would allow people to be allowed to vote in the state of state .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo says he was ` ` embarrassed '' by his team 's failure to win the spanish grand prix .
lewis hamilton took a sensational victory in the abu dhabi grand prix as mercedes team - mate nico rosberg took pole position at the mexican grand prix .
former environment secretary michael gove has called for the uk to stay in the european union after the uk leaves the european union .
police in the us state of ohio are investigating a spate of clown shootings in the us .
italian striker giaccherini giaccherini has joined italian side juventus on loan until the end of the season .
kenya 's president raila odinga has said the country 's election result is ` ` not good enough '' .
the number of dog poo in scotland has risen by more than a quarter in the past year , according to a survey .
mps have voted in favour of a proposed tax rise in the house of commons in the wake of the general election .
inter milan have agreed a deal to sign roma midfielder parma parma for an undisclosed fee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the implications for the bbc news website .
portsmouth striker matt tubbs has signed a new one - year deal with the national league club .
us drinks giant coke has reported a sharp drop in sales in the first three months of the year .
glasgow warriors head coach johnston johnston has urged his players to do more to avoid relegation from the scottish challenge cup .
a female osprey has hatched at the loch of the lowes nature reserve in loch lomond .
families of victims of the birmingham pub bombings victims have called for the families of the victims of the birmingham pub bombings .
at least 13 people have been killed in an air strike on a military base in the pakistani city of karachi , officials say .
youtube star honesty honesty says he is looking forward to the idea that it is ` ` puff '' and ` ` addicts '' .
an al - qaeda affiliate has been killed in a yemeni drone strike in yemen , the pentagon says .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the m4 in kent .
britain 's john mcdonnell will defend his ibf world welterweight title with a unanimous points win over eric molina in london on saturday .
the french president , emmanuel macron , has resigned as president of the european parliament .
a swan had to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck in a drain in cambridgeshire .
the rugby football union has been criticised by the rugby football union for failing to improve the salary of english rugby .
the mobile phone system in south africa is being developed by scientists in south africa .
newcastle falcons director of rugby steve davis says it is time for his side to win promotion to the premier league .
a cash machine has been stolen from a shop in womack , county down .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after a woman died after being hit by a car .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was abducted and sexually assaulted in teesside .
in the second round of the european championship , a group of people from the european union have been talking about the outcome of the euro 2016 finals .
afc wimbledon boss karl robinson says he is ` ` disgusted '' by the football association 's decision not to charge afc wimbledon manager karl robinson .
the us government has agreed to pay $ 2.5 bn -lrb- Â # latest bn -rrb- to settle claims it paid billions of dollars in the us .
it 's the story of this year 's big story of the year .
bolton wanderers moved into the league one play - off places with a comfortable victory over sheffield united at hillsborough .
an inquest into the death of a teenage girl at a somerset mental health unit is being investigated by an inquest into her death .
the european union has announced plans to cut the number of tax havens in the european union .
mobile phone maker htc has said it will cut its mobile phones in the us .
a man who died after being hit by a car in monmouthshire has been named by police .
arsenal forward mesut ozil has signed a new contract , keeping him at the club until 2019 .
a coal mine in south yorkshire has been closed to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average .
a portrait of the late portrait of british artist david cameron has gone on display at the national portrait gallery in london .
all images are copyrighted .
soft drinks maker ag barr has reported a rise in sales for the first half of the year .
two people have died after a yacht capsized off the coast of south africa .
a study of a german university student who was a member of the german university of name has been explained by a german university .
world number one novak djokovic says he is ` ` happy '' to play in the first round of the us open .
a man has been shot dead in a drive - by shooting in north belfast .
the head of the sport 's governing body , the gaa 's governing body , has been named as the new chief executive of the sport .
one of the world 's most famous yellow , emperor wu , has died at the age of 83 .
actress writing hedren has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the death of actress universal universal , who has died at the age of 93 .
super league side salford red devils have signed former salford red devils head coach jason mccarthy on a two - year deal .
hundreds of people have taken part in hull 's hull for culture for the first time in more than 100 years .
a metropolitan police officer has been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
police in italy have raided the headquarters of a clan centre in the centre of the italian city of italy .
the number of police officers in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , a survey has found .
it 's one of the most famous british musicians in the world .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to tackle terrorism in the uk .
nigeria 's militant islamist group boko haram has offered to help the militant group boko haram militants .
michael latham 's century helped durham to a neil win over durham in the county championship .
the makers of children in the uk are being warned about the dangers of children in the uk .
greece 's prime minister has asked the greek parliament to hold talks on athens 's debt crisis .
the world 's longest tropical weather phenomenon is expected to rise in the first half of this year , according to the world meteorological organization -lrb- wmo -rrb- .
the body of a woman whose remains were found at a house in edinburgh is being treated as murder , police have confirmed .
mexican saul ` canelo ' alvarez will fight middleweight champion gennady golovkin in las vegas on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in londonderry .
plans to build a power station in norwich have been approved by the city council .
it 's been a year of extremes , in , 2012 , 2012 , 2012 , 2012 and ' ve .
a french journalist has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle migrants into a migrant camp in the mediterranean .
an investigation is under way after a large fire broke out at an industrial plant in south london .
red bull say they are ` ` very concerned '' about the future of red bull 's red bull team .
plans for a # 425 m motor racing circuit in blaenau gwent have been revealed by the welsh government .
tributes have been paid to two young people who died in a car crash in the german town of flowers .
britain 's tom daley won olympic gold in the men 's 10 m platform at the olympic games in rio .
former prime minister iain duncan smith has called for a vote on the uk 's membership of the eu .
the london 2012 olympics takes place at london 's o2 arena in london on saturday .
one of the world 's most famous beautiful , dors auctioneers , has been sold at auction for # 1949 .
france has paid tribute to victims of the victims of the paris attacks .
spain 's sergio garcia won his first major title of the season with victory in the first round of the italian open .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in asia were mixed on monday , with shares in asia closing after it reported a rise in sales .
all pictures are copyrighted .
work has begun on a new bridge linking the river ouse in rochdale .
british astronaut tim peake has become the first british astronaut to win the british astronaut for the first time .
hartlepool 's hopes of reaching the league two play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a draw at home .
uber 's chief executive travis kalanick has announced that it is investing $ 1bn -lrb- Â # 12 -rrb- in didi chuxing in china .
the international aviation authority -lrb- iea -rrb- has agreed to allow flight mh370 to the flight mh370 flight mh370 .
the prime minister has announced that the government is considering a new approach to the government 's plan to extend the country 's economic growth .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched to find out a crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for a crowdfunding website .
work has started on a # 6 m building to transform a former victorian college in reading .
the isle of wight council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's bid to buy a new isle of wight council .
the uk 's biggest drug manufacturer , pfizer , has been fined # drug by the competition watchdog for the first time .
scientists in japan are investigating the discovery of a large camera on the pacific ocean in the pacific ocean .
the inquest into the death of alice gross is to be examined by the coroner 's inquest into her death .
one of the world 's most famous writers , lucy garner , has been named the winner of this year 's nobel prize for literature .
league one side colchester united have signed colchester united midfielder kyle reid on loan until the end of the season .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has won a court case that could see some of the uk 's biggest employers will be allowed to travel to work .
a search is under way for a fisherman missing off the coast of dumfries and galloway .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have threatened to evacuate the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in northern iraq , the united nations says .
great britain 's jodie stimpson won olympic gold in the women 's team pursuit at the rio olympics in rio .
rangers have signed northern ireland midfielder josh hodson on a season - long loan deal .
the welsh liberal democrats have pledged to cut the number of apprenticeships in wales as part of an overhaul of the welsh economy .
the publisher of the daily telegraph , johnston , is to close its print newspaper , the company has announced .
freeman freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award at the us film society awards .
a police officer has been honoured with the bravery of a police officer who was killed in a fire in greater manchester .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in the us state of oregon .
former world number one john higgins says he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after being knocked out of the world championship at the crucible .
league one side millwall have signed millwall midfielder conor abdou on a two - year deal .
louis van gaal has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
a woman has spoken of her relief after being diagnosed with terminal cancer .
police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with the death of a man at a house in london .
wales coach eddie jones says he is ` ` disappointed '' wales will be punished for saturday 's six nations match against england .
one of the uk 's biggest retail retailers , brantano , has gone into administration .
one of the world 's leading clubs , jean - marc jean - marc , is one of the most successful players in the world .
the european union has voted to leave the european union after it voted to leave the european union .
one of the world 's most famous oak is to be named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a report on the future of the borders railway has published a report from the scottish government .
the northern ireland civil service -lrb- civil -rrb- is set to be the latest budget of the stormont budget .
the number of young people in england and wales in england and wales has risen by more than a third in three years , according to new figures .
a man has been arrested in sydney on suspicion of terrorism offences .
cyclists will be banned from cycling in a bid to stop cyclists from cycling in a bid to promote cyclists .
japan 's emperor akihito has pulled out of the palace of japan 's emperor akihito , the ministry of defence has confirmed .
thailand 's government says it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about thailand 's government 's security policy in vietnam .
pupils at a school in birmingham have been banned from entering school schools for the first time .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has been found guilty of sexual activity with a child .
it has been an eventful year for the american football association -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says his side are capable of being fit for the european champions cup .
a doctor who died after collapsing during the fa cup final was a ` ` nightmare '' , according to former england captain phil o'driscoll .
the chairman of tata sons , cyrus mistry , has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the business of its business .
a 13-year - old boy has been arrested in ohio in connection with the death of a 12-year - old boy in ohio .
a palestinian driver has been killed in a car crash in the occupied west bank , officials say .
anti - fracking campaigners in north yorkshire have objected to plans to frack for shale gas in the north yorkshire village .
how do you stop to find a computer ?
one of the world 's most famous cubs is to go on display at the royal victoria hospital in london .
wales under-20 have named three uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 six nations championship .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday , helped by a rise in oil prices .
more than # 1 m is to be offered to free accommodation in the south west of england .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of the capital , yerevan , to protest against the government 's handling of the country 's civil war .
a group of lightning enthusiasts have taken part in a festival in the us city of metallica .
french police have launched a series of attacks on french satirical magazine charlie hebdo .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping a woman in east belfast .
the number of babies born in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , figures show .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in south - east london .
at the end of this season 's european champions cup final , leicester tigers are at the top of the table .
shale gas extraction is to be removed from shale gas exploration , the national trust has said .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has said he is ` ` shocked '' by south africa 's president jacob zuma to resign .
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of children in england 's schools in england .
a prison in liverpool has been shut for the second time in a row , the government has said .
pop star snapchat has released a new video of snapchat 's snapchat , which has been released on social media .
plans for a multimillion - pound development in oxford have been approved by the city council .
a man has been shot dead by police in west belfast , the psni has said .
torquay united extended their lead at the top of the national league with a comfortable win at torquay .
moors murderer ian brady has lost his appeal against his conviction for his treatment .
a texas university student has become the first in the united states to visit the university of texas .
police have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace after a woman was raped in edinburgh .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the key questions in africa .
cambridge 's league two play - off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by morecambe .
a row has broken out between labour and labour mps in the run - up to the general election .
west ham have signed werder bremen defender nordtveit nordtveit on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the rnli has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the rnli 's response to the rnli 's response to the rnli 's lifeboat service .
sports direct has reported a fall in half - year profits after the company reported a fall in profits .
the us justice department has announced a new law allowing the us justice department to release a new federal law in the us .
the deaths of two patients at a north wales hospital is being investigated by the health watchdog .
the head of the african union , feliciano feliciano , has called for the resignation of the country 's president , feliciano feliciano .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at whether the us will vote on whether to vote in the us election .
scientists say they have found a way to understand the dark matter of dark matter .
the former mayor of st paul 's cathedral has died after a short illness .
there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people waiting for a routine a&e department in northern ireland .
a charity has launched a fundraising campaign to raise awareness of the war veterans who died in world war two .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was seriously injured in a crash .
a search is under way for a man who went missing after getting into difficulty on the isle of wight .
american sprinter justin gatlin has set a new world record for the fastest 100 m at the world championships in beijing .
uk prime minister nick browne has criticised the french government 's decision to leave the european union .
the company behind plans to build a former bhs retail company in sir philip green 's takeover of bhs has been put on hold .
aberdeen striker jonny hayes has been given a one - match touchline ban by the scottish football association .
a transgender woman has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a woman at a care home in portsmouth .
francesco totti has signed a new five - year contract with roma , which will keep him at the club until 2020 .
a man has appeared in court charged with child sex offences .
birmingham city manager gary rowett has signed a new contract until the end of the season .
a man has gone on trial accused of raping and sexually assaulting a teenage girl .
people in the republic of ireland have been celebrating the 70th anniversary of the battle of homelessness .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the deadly attack in tunisia .
venezuela 's supreme court has overturned a ruling that would allow the country 's first national assembly to be scrapped .
warwickshire all - rounder samit patel has signed a one - year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
transport secretary ken skates has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the welsh government 's decision to scrap rail services in wales .
hartlepool united have parted company with manager jon whitney as their new manager .
scotland head coach martin gray believes his side are capable of beating ireland in the six nations championship .
newport county manager rob davies says he wants to sign a new contract with celtic .
kevin pietersen has been named as the new captain of the england and wales cricket board .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first half of the year , according to a report by the bank of england .
the other shopping mall in nairobi is one of the biggest security firms in the world .
moeen ali and joe root hit centuries as pakistan tightened their grip on the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
a driver has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in fife .
justice minister claire sugden has been elected as the new leader of the northern ireland assembly .
the uk government is to launch a # 100 m project to create the world 's most cultural and cultural events .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the death of palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in the occupied west bank .
plans for a # 150 m retail park in cornwall have been unveiled .
boris johnson has accused the conservative party of having ` ` extraordinary '' the uk 's membership of the eu .
uber has agreed to pay $ 100 m -lrb- Â # ride m -rrb- to settle the use of its app in the us .
fulham have signed striker anderlecht anderlecht from valencia on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the deaths of thousands of people in the southern indian city of chennai .
chelsea midfielder jak mccourt has signed a new contract to stay with the league two club .
one of the uk 's biggest shipyard has been sold for # yard .
tomer hemed scored a hat - trick as brighton came from behind to beat brighton and reach the championship play - offs .
a woman has admitted stealing more than # 100,000 from her employer in londonderry .
barcelona forward lionel messi has signed a new four - year contract with the french champions .
it 's not quite a few days to go before the general election .
at least 26 people have been killed in clashes between rebels and rebel forces in the northern syrian city of unconfirmed , activists say .
manchester city midfielder gabriel jesus has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
former british prime minister tony blair has called for an inquiry into the iraq war , saying he is ` ` deeply sorry '' .
it has been a turbulent week for sinn féin and the dup , sinn féin and sinn féin have been reacting to the result of the general election .
the number of wild species in the uk is at its lowest level for more than two years , according to a new study .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he is ` ` very concerned '' about his side 's premier league title challenge .
the leader of the church of ireland -lrb- introduction -rrb- has said the church of ireland 's same - sex marriage committee is ` ` not good enough '' .
cameroon midfielder 31-year - old assou - ekotto has signed a new one - year deal with the premier league club .
the bbc has launched a virtual reality headset that allows people to communicate with virtual reality technology .
lancashire have appointed former england captain peter moores as their new head coach .
more needs to be done to protect timber in wales , according to the welsh government .
the mother of a 15-year - old girl killed in the hillsborough disaster has told how she was the victim of the hillsborough disaster .
music streaming service spotify has reported a rise in revenues for the first time in more than two years .
rangers have appointed former rangers captain owen smith as their new manager on a two - year deal .
a motorcyclist has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
the uk government has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the use of internet surveillance in the uk .
the mother of a toddler murdered by the so - called islamic state group has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his mother .
pupils at a school in jersey have been told to stop drinking alcohol at a school in jersey .
huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by huddersfield .
students at the university of cardiff have voted to strike in a dispute over pay .
it 's one of the most influential women in the world .
tributes have been paid to a mother and her two - year - old daughter who died in a house fire in fife .
a man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary - style attack in west belfast .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south yorkshire .
a bird of prey has been spotted at a nature reserve in the highlands .
ayoze perez scored a hat - trick as newcastle came from behind to beat newcastle united and move top of the championship table .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose wife was found dead at his home in kent .
wales scrum - half rhys webb has been ruled out of the british and irish lions squad for the world cup .
police in italy say they have arrested 11 people in connection with a spate of gorse fires .
ukip leadership hopeful steven woolfe has been suspended from the race to be the next ukip leader .
downton abbey is to return to the west end next year , it has been announced .
warrington maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a comfortable win over widnes vikings .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has met japan 's prime minister shinzo abe on a visit to south korea .
more than half of the world 's largest energy companies are likely to survive , according to a new report .
footballer lionel messi has been named as the new manager of league two side cambridge united .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west lothian .
national league side eastleigh have signed midfielder bondz n'gala from national league side eastleigh for an undisclosed fee .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in critical , county down .
a report into the northern ireland tourism board -lrb- report -rrb- in northern ireland has been criticised by an independent report .
a 92-year - old woman who has been forced to stay in the uk after being deported from the uk has been ordered to stay in the uk .
morocco coach herve renard has been named as the new coach of the africa cup of nations in gabon .
china 's exports fell by 0.8 % in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest figures from china .
northampton town manager grant hackett says he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's fa cup fourth - round replay against league two side stourbridge .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's future will be a success for warren gatland .
great britain 's davis cup team will compete at this summer 's rio olympics .
defending champion elina svitolina reached the second round of the french open with a straight - set win over kazakhstan 's yulia svitolina .
a rare haul of blue vein has been discovered in the peak district of bristol .
a man from northern ireland has been jailed for five years for possessing ammunition and ammunition .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has warned that the zika virus could be linked to the zika virus .
thousands of people in the uk are being urged to stay away from their hospital in sheffield .
britain 's georgie davies won gold at the world para - athletics championships in london to claim gold at the european championships in london .
boreham wood have signed a new contract with the premier league club .
labour 's labour leadership candidate has called for the leadership of jeremy corbyn 's leadership contest .
actor tom hiddleston has been praised by actor tom hiddleston , who has died at the age of 82 .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
the remains of the remains of a pembrokeshire village have been put up for sale .
plans to cut the number of jobs in wales have been scrapped by the welsh government .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a teenager in devon .
burnley manager steve agnew has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a calf injury .
a former northern ireland health minister has said he is ` ` embarrassed '' by the number of people taking drugs in northern ireland .
thousands of rohingya muslims have been killed in myanmar 's restive rakhine state , officials say .
northern ireland 's men 's and women 's boxing team have lost bronze medals at the european championships in belfast .
plans for a new stadium for forest green rovers have been approved by the county council .
the president of burundi 's capital , bujumbura , has declared a state of emergency in the capital , bujumbura , the country 's electoral commission says .
the us unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to official figures .
wigan warriors ' challenge cup game against wigan warriors has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
world number one mark selby beat world number one ding junhui to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
the police inquiry into the hillsborough disaster is to be investigated by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
nigeria 's military says it has recaptured more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by boko haram militants in the north - eastern town of chibok .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has said he will not stand in the us presidential election .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell shot a five - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the arnold palmer invitational in florida .
a man who stole more than # 100,000 from a private firm has been jailed for eight years .
social housing tenants in england should be allowed to buy social housing , the government has said .
spain 's jon rahm has become the first player to win the pga tour for the first time .
the football association has voted to allow the football association to introduce a ban on football in football .
it 's almost a year since george osborne was elected in the house of commons .
southampton manager steve bruce says he will not be surprised by his side 's poor start to the premier league season .
hibernian have been relegated from the scottish women 's premier league in the second round of the scottish cup .
wales full - back leigh halfpenny has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
barrow have parted company with manager nigel cox after less than two months in charge .
the band have cancelled a concert in glasgow after the band cancelled a concert in glasgow .
mamelodi sundowns of south african champions mamelodi sundowns have been forced to pull away from home in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie .
police in china say they have found more than 100 tonnes of cocaine that were seized in the southern chinese city of viagra .
the scottish government has announced plans to introduce minimum pricing pricing for alcohol in scotland .
partick thistle have agreed a deal to sign partick thistle defender tom archibald for an undisclosed fee .
a us navy officer has been killed in a collision with a us military base in the japanese city of okinawa .
everton were held to a goalless draw by everton in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
hsbc chief executive stuart tucker has been appointed as the new chief executive of hsbc .
safety concerns have been raised over the safety of a nuclear submarine at a nuclear submarine in plymouth .
it 's been a big year for newsround !
a dundee prison officer has been jailed for six months for stealing more than # 56,000 from a prison .
do you think you know about the news of the world of entertainment ?
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious sexual assault on a woman in fife .
police are investigating a spate of hate crime in northern ireland .
a school in the us state of tennessee has closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
james jennings hit a century as somerset fought back on day two against durham at taunton .
a council has approved plans to spend # 4 m to help regenerate the north east of england .
thousands of people have signed a petition calling for the government to scrap the cost of holiday holiday holidays .
at least 25 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a shia mosque in iraq 's capital , baghdad , officials say .
online food giant domino 's has reported a record annual profit of # franchisees for the first half of the year .
a murder victim has been jailed for life for murdering a woman whose body was found in her bed .
the australian government has said it will pay asylum seekers to a group of asylum seekers who have fled to australia .
aberdeen city council has announced plans to cut up to # 100 m of savings in the city centre .
bristol city defender adam johnson has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
luton town have signed striker nathan taylor on loan from birmingham city until the end of the season .
liverpool city council has been fined # premises by the city 's council over the use of a # Â levy in the city centre .
great britain 's women 's hockey team will face greece in the last 16 of the european under-19 championship .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to do more to protect eu citizens from the european union .
strictly come dancing star strictly come dancing has announced he is leaving strictly come dancing .
us president barack obama has called on the us to cope with the crisis in syria .
in the wake of the death of a man who was killed by a suicide bomber in the french city of cologne on monday night , the bbc news website looks at the scene of the killing of the victims of the germanwings crash .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has met japan 's prime minister shinzo abe in a meeting with japan 's prime minister shinzo abe .
south africa 's scans erasmus has been suspended by the international cricket council after being hit by a head injury .
the family of a man who died in the alps have developed a new test for the first time .
the number of people at a residential care home in england has more than doubled in the past year , a report has found .
a court in denmark has sentenced a journalist to 10 years in jail for tax evasion .
two bangladeshi men have been killed in an attack on a cafe in bangladesh 's capital , dhaka , police say .
the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in nearly three years in june , a closely watched survey has indicated .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
tata steel workers are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions , the union has said .
a man has died after being hit by a yacht on the isle of man .
scientists at the university of china are to be given the go - ahead to genetically modify human embryos .
the us justice department has filed a lawsuit against us president donald trump over his alleged meddling in the us presidential election .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club .
a british adventurer has completed a project to build a virtual reality .
an inquest into the deaths of two men killed in a car crash in which two men died has been discharged from the ministry of defence .
one of the uk 's biggest online poker groups , vivian vivian , has died at the age of 74 .
glasgow - based food giant aggreko has agreed to buy acquisition acquisition in a deal worth $ 's -lrb- Â # shipping -rrb- .
belfast giants have announced the signing of the belfast giants for the 2016 season .
dundee boss paul hartley says his side are still waiting for their first win of the season after beating dundee united in the premiership .
the family of a british woman who died in australia after being deported to australia say they will not be able to return to australia .
a chicago police officer has been arrested in connection with the shooting of a black man in chicago .
gary neville 's first game in charge of valencia ended in defeat as valencia came from behind to beat valencia .
a teenager has died after being hit by a car in cumbria .
china 's supreme court has ruled against china 's decision to ban the country 's ` ` stressing '' in the south china sea .
one of the most famous characters in the world has been commissioned for the first time in more than two decades .
brexit secretary david davis has called on the uk government to back a ` ` trade deal '' between northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
a man has been charged with murdering a man who was shot in the head with a brick .
a woman who was barred from applying for passport holidays has said she is ` ` disappointed '' she has been barred from keeping passport rules .
the scottish government has announced it is to close its operations in the scottish borders .
former foreign secretary boris johnson has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about donald trump 's campaign to leave the european union .
the bbc has agreed a deal to broadcast the bbc 's current sports personality of the year .
irish actor secret lally has died at the age of 83 .
the indian government has agreed to pay $ disputed bn -lrb- # bn bn -rrb- in cash for the sale of $ authorities bn -lrb- Â # bn bn -rrb- .
bournemouth midfielder friend friend danny friend was taken to hospital after being hit by a car while on holiday in the premier league .
police in kenya have arrested three people in connection with the killing of a young woman in kenya 's capital , nairobi .
india 's prime minister narendra modi is to announce a new $ 500 -lrb- Â # airports -rrb- cash injection to the indian government .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
the president of the united states , donald trump , has been sworn in as president of the united states .
st helens have appointed keiron cunningham as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
police are investigating the death of a man who was killed in a collision with a van in aberdeenshire .
bath came from behind to beat bath in a thrilling premiership encounter at the rec .
bradford bulls have parted company with head coach nathan bailey .
brazil 's 1966 world cup winner pele has sold at auction for # medal .
thousands of ceramic poppies have been installed in yorkshire to mark the anniversary of the yorkshire disaster .
a planning application to build a new wind farm in bolton has been approved by councillors .
at least six people have been killed in an attack on a police compound in north - eastern china , state media report .
spain 's sergio garcia is one shot off the lead after the first round of the us pga championship at wentworth .
guy martin has said he will not compete at this year 's north west 200 and isle of man tt next year .
former chancellor of the exchequer philip hammond has told the bbc that she will not stand in the general election .
a group of us president donald trump has called for an end to the country 's rights laws , saying it is ` ` shameful '' and ` ` actively '' .
the national union of south africa has been named as the country 's president of the south african nation .
disney is the world 's most famous hobby , according to a new report .
south africa captain alastair cook has been ruled out of the second test against south africa in cape town .
leeds rhinos have signed leeds rhinos prop matt hood on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
britain 's andy murray has become the first british woman to win two olympic gold medals at the world championships in london .
at least two people have been killed in a gun attack in istanbul 's capital , istanbul , officials say .
dundee united have signed striker keatings keatings from dundee united for an undisclosed fee .
former aston villa striker andre ayew has been charged with violent conduct by the football association .
cardiff blues maintained their 100 % start to the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over cardiff blues at parc y scarlets .
the turkish military says it has carried out a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
chinese internet giant alibaba has raised its share price for the first time in more than two years .
salford red devils have signed half - back rangi paterson from super league side salford red devils .
the grand national , the grand national at aintree , is set to become the first grand national to win the grand national at aintree .
south yorkshire police chief constable david crompton has apologised to the police watchdog over the hillsborough disaster .
the us military has agreed to allow us military officials to release transgender transgender transgender prisoners , us media report .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a bus was hit by a bus in the city of smithfield .
a bus driver has been killed in a car crash in saudi arabia .
star wars : the force awakens has posted a record profit of $ 2 -lrb- # oscar - winning -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has confirmed it is planning permission for the next generation of its mars rover .
british number one johanna konta beat american cornet konta to reach the second round of the monterrey open .
more than 100 firefighters have been rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of devon .
andy murray says he has no regrets about becoming the first british player to win the davis cup .
great britain 's men 's hockey team have been knocked out of the olympic men 's doubles for the first time .
an inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio is to be investigated by stormont 's finance committee .
pop star laura mvula is one of the most influential musicians in the world .
the number of people being cared for in wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a year , new figures show .
house prices in the uk fell by 5 % in march compared with the previous month , official figures show .
schools in england are facing ` ` meltdown '' over the next five years , the lib dems have warned .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to leave the eu in the eu referendum campaign .
edinburgh city midfielder marc gaby has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
aberdeen maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a comfortable win over aberdeen at pittodrie .
a retired racehorse has become the first in the uk to become the first in the world to become the first in the world to have a sport .
a former chief executive has been jailed for conning money for disabled people in wales .
the father of formula 1 's jules bianchi has said he is ` ` very confident '' that his son will be fit for the accident .
one of the world 's most famous keyboard , the 13 , has died at the age of 85 .
labour leadership challenger owen smith has said he will not stand in the party 's leadership in the wake of the iraq war .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a swansea man in the republic of ireland .
the mother of a 92-year - old poppy seller who was stabbed to death in world war two has said she is ` ` devastated '' by her husband .
two people have been injured in a fire at a cargo ship in the spanish city of spain , officials say .
a teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in fife .
tranmere extended their lead at the top of the national league with a comfortable victory over tranmere .
a man accused of trying to shoot us presidential candidate donald trump has been given a suspended prison sentence .
it 's been a turbulent week for mps in the house of commons .
a judge in the us state of ohio has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of a convicted murderer .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused republican presidential candidate donald trump of being a ` ` war hero '' .
great britain 's women have been named in the great britain squad for next month 's rio olympics .
glamorgan 's hopes of a place in the one - day cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by kent .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the sexual assault of a woman in newport .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has warned that the uk government will not be able to balance the books of the uk government 's budget .
us president donald trump has said the us will be ` ` most '' in the fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
welsh boxer joe cordina says he is considering whether to retire from boxing .
a toddler has been found guilty of murdering a toddler who was found dead at her home .
the royal navy 's new aircraft carrier has been given the go - ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- is offering internet access to the way streaming service is funded .
the gender gap between men and women in the uk has more than doubled in the past five years , according to new research .
a trees tree has been found washed up on a beach in the north sea .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west belfast .
domestic violence victims in england and wales have been told they will not be able to deal with the domestic violence of domestic violence .
the number of teachers in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to official figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers elections in north korea .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a bus in liverpool .
brazil 's president michel temer has called on president dilma rousseff to resign as a ` ` coup '' .
drivers are being warned to expect congestion in a bid to ease congestion on the hard shoulder of the motorway .
one of the world 's most famous lethal is to be turned into a sequel to the public .
a turkish court has ordered an investigation into the death of a former coal mine worker in the turkish capital , ankara .
the chairman of northampton town football club has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the council 's decision to waive the loan of a football club .
truro city head coach lee hodges says he will not be surprised if he is to leave the league two club .
a court in the indian capital , delhi , has been sentenced to life in prison for the rape and murder of a woman in india .
tributes have been paid to a 16-year - old girl who died after being hit by a train in liverpool .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for the uk to stay in the european union .
a collection of one of the world 's most famous nottingham , whitby , has sold at auction for # kirk .
more than 100 people have signed a petition to raise money for the national memorial arboretum in dorset .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after an attack at a football match in south london .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in australia .
somalia 's president hassan rouhani has been attacked by somali militant group al - shabab , officials say .
burton albion boss nigel clough says the club are capable of winning the championship play - offs this season .
one of wales ' most famous poets is to go on display at the university of cardiff .
a # 1bn fund to boost the north east of england has been announced by the government .
it has been a big year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
it 's been a year since the death of a man who was hit by a bus .
graeme mcdowell is one of the most senior golfers in the world .
the world 's biggest technology show will be shown live on social media , the bbc has learned .
scientists in the us say they have found a strain of a deadly strain of bird flu .
air ambulance charity -lrb- # -rrb- is to receive # revealed of funding for air ambulance services in england .
the chief executive of iran 's national security agency has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's security forces .
it 's been a year for irish language .
liverpool maintained their 100 % start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over liverpool at anfield .
a judge in the us state of minnesota has ordered an investigation into the death of prince 's former president , star minnesota .
pakistan has accused pakistan of spying for his alleged involvement in the killing of a pakistani student .
apple has reported a record quarterly profit of $ next -lrb- # revenue -rrb- in the first quarter of the year .
two people have been rescued from a sinking boat in the firth of forth .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on flood defences on the north wales coast , the welsh government has said .
chester came from behind to beat dagenham & redbridge in the national league .
ratings agency moody 's has downgraded its outlook for ratings and credit ratings .
great britain 's stuart broad has been knocked out of the northern ireland championship for the second round of the world championship .
more than one in 10 savings rates in england and wales have fallen to their lowest level since 2008 , figures show .
edinburgh have announced the signing of scotland international forward justin fife on a two - year deal .
a car driver has been fined # 500 after a car was stolen in a car crash .
bank of england chief economist andy haldane has warned that interest rates could rise by 0.5 % in the first half of the year .
there has been a significant increase in the proportion of young people in northern ireland , according to a new study .
a man has been jailed for four years for armed robberies at a shop in glasgow .
radical preacher anjem choudary has been sentenced to life in prison for the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the welsh government 's decision to publish a controversial tidal lagoon in swansea bay .
two people have been killed in a blast at a manhattan restaurant in new york city , officials say .
the independent inquiry into child sex abuse is to be investigated by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in hong kong for the first time in more than two decades .
french police are investigating the killing of a french tourist who was attacked by french police in the french capital nice .
gillingham manager neil taylor says he is ` ` surprised '' by his side 's relegation from the league two relegation zone .
a two - minute silence has been held across australia to mark the 70th anniversary of the gallipoli landings .
bayern munich manager pep guardiola praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 0 defeat by bayern munich in the champions league .
a recycling plant in surrey has been put up for sale .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has called on the us government to ratify a controversial resolution on the occupied west bank .
the scottish government has agreed to allow the uk government to pay for a new national minimum wage -lrb- nlw -rrb- .
the court of appeal has ruled that northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pps -rrb- will not be allowed to obtain damages .
the government is considering whether to suspend the government 's strike on the uk 's border sector , the government has said .
a bill to halve the drink - drive limit for alcohol has come into force in the uk .
hundreds of jobs are under threat at a steel plant in port talbot , the unite union has said .
police investigating the murder of a man in northampton have found a body .
league two side grimsby town have signed striker paul cook on a deal until the end of the season .
exeter city have signed south african flanker can moyle on a two - year deal .
mps have voted in favour of legalising same - sex marriage in the house of commons .
india 's parliament has approved a ban on the sale of maggi noodles in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh .
police have launched an investigation into the seizure of drug trafficking in northern ireland .
scientists in the us say they have found a way to kill a laboratory researchers .
the bells of a church graveyard in cardiff have been damaged by vandals .
liverpool have completed the signing of liverpool defender gael moreno from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
mae dyn wedi ei gael yn euog o achosi marwolaeth drwy yrru ' n cael ei yn yn y fflint .
the northern ireland assembly has rejected a plan to cut the number of children in northern ireland .
a 15-year - old girl has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a dog was attacked in kent .
marcus trescothick hit a century as somerset took control on day one of their county championship match at taunton .
ghana 's government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to charge the government of ghana 's government .
for the first time in more than a decade , the bbc 's 1914 1914 looks at some of the world 's most famous men .
scotland head coach josh strauss says scotland 's six nations match against ireland will be a ` ` big challenge '' for scotland .
ivory coast 's president alassane ouattara has been elected president of the united states .
us astronaut tim peake has returned to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- in space .
watford have signed striker lewis verheydt on a season - long loan from premier league side bournemouth .
a british adventurer has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the discovery of a victor -lrb- pipes -rrb- space station .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with victory over rangers at st johnstone .
somali president hassan killed has been killed in a car bomb attack in the somali capital , mogadishu .
a coroner has ruled that an inquest into the death of a baby who died in a car crash was ` ` routine '' .
the head of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has called for the removal of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group .
a group of russian muslims have called on the russian government to apologise for the release of a prominent muslim cleric in the republic of chechnya .
a museum in new york has agreed to pay $ to -lrb- Â # famous -rrb- to settle a long - running dispute over the sale of tourists in new york .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a supermarket in the borders .
british number two heather watson has been forced to retire from the sport at the age of 28 .
taylor swift 's latest album , taylor swift , has returned to the top of the uk album chart .
sir paul mccartney and sir paul mccartney are among the stars at this year 's strictly come dancing line - up .
sudan 's president omar al - bashir has been sworn in as president of the south sudanese government .
manchester city midfielder samir nasri has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
blackburn rovers boss mark foster has been fined # 40,000 by the football association for failing to control his players .
two australian swimmers have been banned from competing at the rio olympics after failing a drugs test .
brandt snedeker has become the first man to win the arnold palmer invitational in the second round of the us pga championship .
the bank of england has passed its first major banks in the uk .
plans for a new housing development in south cave have been approved by councillors .
the former leader of south africa 's main opposition party , helen zille , has announced she will stand down .
work has begun on the first phase of the # 112 m upgrade of glasgow 's glasgow railway station .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been killed in a car bomb attack on a town in the northern syrian town of kobane , officials say .
the mother of a woman who has been diagnosed with breast cancer has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the health board .
leicester city striker jamie vardy has been named leicester city 's player of the year for 2016 .
a man has become the first person in the uk to have a eight - year - old treats .
st mirren manager ali macphee has praised his team 's performance at the world cup in russia after being named as the new manager of the month .
a hospital trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
all images are copyrighted .
a conservative mp has called for a ban on sugary drinks as part of a campaign to reduce the problem of sugary drinks .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in luton .
former israeli president shimon peres has died at the age of 93 .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has defended the decision to expel el el rules from the olympic games in rio de janeiro .
west brom striker saido berahino will miss the rest of the season after being found guilty of drink - driving .
scottish boxer mike towell has died after collapsing during a boxing session in glasgow .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has called on the uk government to do more to encourage people to stay in the eu .
a high court judge has ordered a judicial review of the government 's flagship disability benefit scheme .
councils in wales are being urged to take urgent action to improve the cycle of cycling .
the hubble space telescope has returned to earth .
brazil midfielder marta marta has signed a new four - year contract with the women 's super league one club .
inverness caledonian thistle moved into the scottish premiership play - off final with a hard - fought win over hamilton academical .
it has been a big year for northern ireland 's tourism industry .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has been appointed as australia 's new prime minister .
a french man has been sentenced to six years in prison for a terrorist attack on a train in paris .
the mother of a county tyrone woman shot dead in the democratic republic of congo has said she will not be prosecuted .
it 's the biggest day in the world , but it 's the biggest day of the year so far .
more than half of welsh households in wales are at risk of losing water bills , a charity has said .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has defended the government 's plan to scrap free bus in england .
radio 1 dj chris 1 has become one of the most popular music musicians in the world .
four men have been arrested in east london on suspicion of terrorism offences .
more than 100 branches of branches across the uk are to close , the bbc has learned .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in stoke - on - trent to mark the event anniversary of his death .
plans to build a three - mile road on the isle of wight have been approved by councillors .
one of the world 's most successful human experiments , the world 's biggest artificial intelligence team , has been unveiled in the us .
donald trump 's decision to leave the european union is one of the most important issues in the world .
macclesfield and macclesfield played out a goalless draw at macclesfield in the national league .
donald trump has been sworn in as the new president of the us house of representatives .
england came from behind to beat england and secure a place in the euro 2016 semi - finals .
the mother of a girl who was killed in a car crash has said she wants to raise money for charity .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
three men arrested on suspicion of terror offences in london have been released on bail .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has confirmed he will offer a new contract with the championship club .
hundreds of patients at a hospital in county antrim have been told to expect closure , the health board has said .
chinese fashion retailer hong has sold for the first time in more than two years .
stoke maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable win over stoke at stoke .
scientists say they have identified the first known sighting of its kind in the arctic .
the uk 's biggest nuclear power plant , the world 's largest nuclear power plant , has been bought by the uk government .
northern ireland 's attorney general has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the legality of abortion in northern ireland .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has confirmed that tuberculosis is the world 's worst outbreak of tuberculosis .
two men have been charged with child sex offences at a school in derbyshire .
the scottish parliament has passed a bill that would allow assisted dying people to die .
plans for a # 100 m shopping centre in northamptonshire have been approved by the government .
a body has been found in the search for a missing mexican artist .
blackpool pier has gone into administration .
the northern ireland assembly election is under way in northern ireland .
the french army has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the threat of a french army base in mali .
the families of those killed in the omagh bomb attack in omagh , county tyrone , have been awarded # barrier in damages .
police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in the knightswood area of glasgow .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following a crash in manchester .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for an investigation into the rape of a man in south africa .
the ministry of defence has been given grade ii listed status to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
david cameron has visited david cameron 's father , prime minister david cameron has said .
doctors in kenya 's capital , nairobi , have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over patient safety .
prof stephen hawking , prof stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking and prof stephen hawking .
irish actress collins collins has died at the age of 83 .
a driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
nick kyrgios says he has no regrets about becoming the first british player to win wimbledon .
a man jailed for raping a woman in a frenzied attack in cardiff has lost his appeal against his conviction .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has called for a ban on gay marriage in the country .
plans to introduce standardised tests for pupils in england have been published by the schools secretary nick gibb .
hundreds of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in sheffield to save the world 's largest plant plant .
glamorgan beat glamorgan by seven wickets to win the one - day cup at the oval .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the number of people living in ethiopia 's capital , addis ababa .
a police force has apologised after a woman was found dead at a beach in cornwall .
great britain 's men 's 4x100 m relay team missed out on a place in the men 's 100 m final at the world championships .
the hs2 rail link between london and manchester is set to be demolished by hs2 , the government has said .
german artist cornelius gurlitt , one of germany 's most famous artists , has died at the age of 97 .
one of scotland 's largest technology companies has expanded its operations .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has outlined its forecast for the government 's budget .
the family of a toddler who was born in a birmingham hospital have paid tribute to him .
hull fc have signed hull fc forward wakefield 23-year - old on loan until the end of the season .
china 's inflation rate fell to an all - time low of 0 % in the first three months of the year .
hull city have signed striker hernandez hernandez from hull city for an undisclosed fee .
chris rock star chris lawyer has married his wife , chris lawyer , who has died at the age of 69 .
at least 14 people have been killed and many more injured in south africa 's southern cape province , officials say .
cladding has been found at a tower block in sheffield after the grenfell tower fire .
some of the rise snippets from the news in africa that we did not know last year : .
harry potter star daniel radcliffe is to play a new role in the harry potter spin - off film .
rangers manager mark warburton praised his side 's defensive performance after being sent off for a draw with rangers .
the uk 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- is failing to fix a flaw in its software , according to security experts .
a new study has suggested that people in the uk are using tv signals to monitor the signal .
donald trump 's speech on donald trump 's speech on donald trump 's speech on the us trade trade deal has been a recurrent moment for donald trump .
one of the uk 's most famous planes has been diverted to the uk after a drone was diverted to the uk .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has warned that banks should be banned from the country 's financial sector .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has accused the welsh conservative leader of behaving ` ` slit '' .
portsmouth have signed chesterfield defender ryan talbot on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a hospital in north london has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
britain 's chris froome won stage eight of the criterium du dauphine in a sprint finish to win the tour de france .
team sky boss sir dave brailsford says he is ` ` disappointed '' sky boss sir bradley wiggins will not apologise to sir bradley wiggins .
dustin johnson has pulled out of the open championship at royal birkdale after a fall in the second round of the us open .
plans for a wind farm in the moray firth have been submitted to the scottish government .
businesses in england and wales are being urged to pay more than # 130 m in vat rates for the first time .
the world rugby hall of fame has been announced in the queen 's birthday honours list .
two police officers have been sacked for gross misconduct after an investigation into the shoreham air crash .
a former liverpool police officer has been found guilty of fraud after being found guilty of fraud .
a world war two veteran who was found dead in a field in france has been found safe and well .
worcestershire have appointed daryl mitchell as their new captain .
lyon have been knocked out of the champions league for the first time after being knocked out in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie .
pop star adele has returned to the top of the uk album chart for the first time .
plans to build a new pier on the outskirts of teesside have been given the go - ahead .
the body of a french man killed in the paris attacks has been found dead in the city of authorities , officials say .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in the german capital , buenos aires .
scotland 's top law officer , john swinney , has announced he is stepping down .
councillors have voted in favour of a # 10 m contract to manage aberdeen council .
the number of cases of courts in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in four years , according to a new report .
two men have admitted murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in her home .
the owner of a flood water wall in fife , fife , has said he has been left ` ` gutted '' after heavy rain .
a light light of the tower of commons is to be installed in the house of commons .
nottinghamshire have signed south africa all - rounder christian christian for the 2016 t20 blast campaign .
the chief executive of liverpool city council has been sacked .
if you want to know what 's going to be a mobile phone on a mobile phone ?
bradford city have signed defender michael webster on a season - long loan from league one rivals portsmouth .
the british medical association has announced plans to increase the number of junior doctors in england and wales .
the authorities in mexico say they have found the bodies of more than 100 skeletons found in a village in the north - eastern state of veracruz .
durham moved to the top of the t20 blast north group with a 63 win over durham at chester - le - street .
former queen 's tennis champion queen maybe has been banned from the sport for a second time .
la la land film la la land has won the top prize at the toronto film festival .
former british prime minister as defence has died at the age of 93 .
singer and producer bill williams has filed a lawsuit in the us , claiming it was paid more than $ claim -lrb- # claim -rrb- .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in county antrim .
cheltenham extended their unbeaten run to six games with a comfortable win over cheltenham at cheltenham .
the writer and writer of the literary festival in india have condemned the decision to protest against ` ` religious intolerance '' .
the former owner of the former silk road marketplace , lee clark , has been arrested on suspicion of illegally supplying illegal drugs .
oldham extended their lead at the top of league one to seven points with a comfortable win at oldham .
more than # 2 m has been pledged to help save the lives of volunteers in northern ireland .
mark foster has told bbc scotland 's mark foster for his ` ` terrible '' response to his son 's death in the rangers ' defeat by rangers .
the number of children being taught in schools in england has more than doubled in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
the new chief constable of hampshire has been appointed as the new chief constable of hampshire .
catalans dragons ' hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by catalans .
police have appealed for witnesses after a van was robbed in a robbery in west lothian .
google has announced that it is shutting down its mobile phone service in the us .
newcastle united are set to make their first start of the fa cup in the fa cup after a calf injury .
italy striker diego costa has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league champions .
the owner of a bookshop shop in cornwall has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the way it is run .
manchester united boss claudio ranieri says he is ` ` very confident '' about his future after the club 's relegation from the premier league .
a senior member of the uk 's biggest trade union has told the bbc that the uk could be a free trade deal with the european union .
plans for a new # 6 m visitor park in wakefield have been submitted to the council .
a terminally ill man has called for a change to the law that would allow assisted dying people to die .
a powerful earthquake has struck parts of the south coast of japan , killing at least two people , officials say .
at least 20 people have been killed in an explosion in the syrian city of homs , the syrian government says .
a dog has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in kent .
hundreds of jobs are to be created at cardiff bay 's new headquarters in cardiff .
two australian children have been arrested in lebanon in connection with a series of child abduction allegations in lebanon .
it 's been a turbulent year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
populations of urban trees are being planted in urban areas of the urban city of information , a study suggests .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in afc london .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
it 's been a turbulent year for many people in the uk .
the uk is considering legal action against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
glasgow ladies moved to the top of the women 's super league with a comfortable victory over glasgow city .
the olympic games in rio has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
the us federal court of appeal has ruled that the us government is suing the us government over the use of copyright infringement .
cheltenham 's cheltenham festival has been sold to the public for the first time .
prison officers in england and wales are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over pay .
a new study is to be launched into the use of electronic cigarettes in the uk .
the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union will be decided later .
sainsbury 's has reported a 40 % drop in profits for the three months to the end of december .
five men have been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences in bradford in the past year .
an arts charity has launched a fundraising campaign to raise funds for the restoration of the royal family 's fire - damaged mackintosh foundation .
the co - operative group , the co - operative group , has reported a pre - tax profit of # turnaround for the first half of the year .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has announced he will step down as president of the philippine capital , manila .
a man has died after being hit by a car in north yorkshire .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car .
great britain 's women 's road race team will compete in the women 's road race at the isle of man tt .
the number of police officers in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a report .
microsoft has unveiled a console version of the xbox of the xbox of the xbox one console .
women are more likely to have a pay rise in their pay rise , according to a new study .
the welsh government has called on the welsh government to delay a new devolution bill on the welsh government .
the nba football league -lrb- nba -rrb- will be launched in london later this year , the nba has announced .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for historical sex offences against children .
barnsley have signed striker jackson jackson on a two - year deal following his release by barnsley .
taliban forces in afghanistan say they have regained control of the strategically important district of sangin in the northern province of sangin .
a major storm has been set up in parts of scotland as storm doris continues to batter parts of scotland .
marvel comics has signed a petition calling for an end to the death of a woman in the united states .
mobile phone company three has said it has fixed a bug on its website , the company has said .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a lorry on the m20 in kent .
a charity has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a number of birds birds have hatched in wrexham .
the nhs in england has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the nhs in england and wales to help people with mental health problems .
hundreds of people have been evacuated after a burst pipe burst into the river thames in berkshire .
plymouth extended their unbeaten league two run to seven games with a goalless draw at home to plymouth .
a report into flood defences in north yorkshire has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the impact of flooding in the town .
great britain won their first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's rugby world cup .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering his former partner at his home in east lothian .
a new visitor centre is to be built in a bid to create a new national centre for scotland .
uzbekistan 's president islam karimov , who has died at the age of 97 , has died at the age of 97 .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a woman who was caught in the back of a van .
the death toll from the execution of prominent shia cleric sheikh nimr al - nimr has more than doubled in the past five years , amnesty international says .
the republican dissident republican black group , black black , has been shot dead in the republic of ireland .
the wife of a british woman who was forced to leave the uk has said she will not be allowed to leave the european union .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has called for an investigation into the activities of derry city council 's decision to change the name of derry city council .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has launched a spacewalk on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the fate of the russian space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- .
a vietnamese woman has been awarded $ identified m -lrb- # income m -rrb- to a hospital in vietnam for providing treatment for medical treatment .
a man who was destroyed in a fire at a firework in the solent has said he is lucky to be alive .
castleford tigers came from behind to beat castleford tigers and go top of super league .
more than a million people in the uk are being encouraged to leave their homes in the past year , according to a survey .
a liberal democrat mp has apologised for saying it was ` ` medical '' and ` ` insensitive '' comments about breastfeeding .
pakistani taliban activist malala yousafzai has been shot dead in the pakistani capital , islamabad , pakistani officials say .
the roof of a house in hereford , county down , has been damaged by fire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday , helped by strong jobs data from us federal reserve chair janet yellen .
scotland head coach vern cotter praised scotland 's performance in their world cup quarter - final defeat by japan .
a memorial has been unveiled in jersey to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
a girl from nigeria who was abducted by boko haram militants in north - eastern nigeria has been reunited with her parents .
hyundai manufacturer hyundai has announced that it is ending a new $ 150 m -lrb- Â # leave -rrb- deal to end the country 's biggest financial crisis .
one of the world 's biggest online dating websites , sen sen , has been bought online .
the family of a man who died after a heart attack in east london have paid tribute to him .
the government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by the government 's pledge to curb immigration in the uk .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in aberdeen .
prime minister theresa may will meet us president donald trump in the white house , downing street has announced .
irish prime minister -lrb- taoiseach -rrb- chief executive enda cowen has apologised for comments he made about adolf hitler in the republic of ireland .
the family of a soldier who died at deepcut barracks in surrey have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his death .
bbc radio 1 dj james james has been named the bbc radio 1 presenter of the year award .
a new exhibition has been launched to celebrate the life of one of the world 's most famous men .
a fire that broke out at a recycling centre in suffolk has been destroyed by fire .
former england manager john st john has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of former footballer jeff astle .
bradford city secured their place in the league two play - off places with a comfortable victory over sheffield wednesday .
the government is to review the review of a review into the future of s4c , the government has said .
star wars actor gary barlow has been honoured with a blue plaque at a shopping centre in manchester .
rwanda 's former president , extradited speech , has died at the age of 89 .
a prominent iranian journalist has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for spying and sentenced to 20 years in prison .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy will take a four - shot lead into the final round of the us open after carding a six - under - par 66 in the second round .
sale director of rugby barry cotton says there is no plans for sale in the premiership .
the trial of a woman with a rare form of cancer is being trialled in northern ireland .
the edinburgh international film festival is to open at the edinburgh international film festival in edinburgh .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found at a house in kent .
the number of female women in the uk has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to official figures .
blackpool missed the chance to go top of league one as they played out a goalless draw at bloomfield road .
the society of japan 's annual society , the society of japan , is marking its 150th anniversary .
the first images of the world 's largest man - made printer have been unearthed in the city of artefacts .
a student who was killed in a car crash in edinburgh has been named by the university of edinburgh .
subsidies for renewable energy subsidies could be ` ` disastrous '' for renewable energy subsidies , the government has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the people who have been killed in a bomb attack in the capital , abuja .
blackburn rovers manager paul lambert has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
the number of people waiting for a routine a&e department in england has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , figures show .
the us has agreed to build a new settlement in the occupied west bank , the white house says .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 was the biggest faller in the uk , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in kent .
a man has died in a house fire in castlewellan , county antrim .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading share index closed higher , with the ftse 100 index closing higher .
wakefield trinity wildcats have signed australia international prop greg depth on loan until the end of the season .
myanmar 's military says it is investigating allegations of violence in myanmar 's restive rakhine state .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a pub in liverpool .
the northern ireland executive , the northern ireland executive , has become the first northern ireland executive to be given the green light .
the us has apologised to us president barack obama over the bombing of an afghan hospital in the afghan city of kunduz .
leinster maintained their 100 % start to the pro12 season with a convincing victory over leinster at the rds .
plans to build a tunnel on the a303 in stonehenge have been rejected by highways england .
the final episode of itv 's broadchurch series is to be shown on bbc one .
atletico madrid moved to within a point of the la liga title with a comfortable win over celta vigo .
wrexham have signed striker shaun harvey from national league rivals torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
toyota has announced plans to invest # 1bn in its uk plant in the uk .
hungary 's new prime minister , viktor orban , has been sworn in as prime minister .
two lifeboats have been rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of dumfries and galloway .
northern ireland 's department of education -lrb- dard -rrb- has announced it is to close the northern ireland civil service -lrb- nics -rrb- .
favourite favourite frankie dettori beat trainer annie gosden to win the york stakes at newmarket .
sunderland midfielder jermain defoe has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
more than 100 people have signed a petition to save the life of a 19th century victorian chapel .
a us military veteran has been charged with misconduct over the death of a soldier at a military base in texas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of assaulting a footballer who died after being hit by a car .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in sheffield .
belgium came from behind to beat belgium and reach the europa league group stage .
boris johnson is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
former news of the world editor andy coulson has pleaded not guilty to charges relating to the phone - hacking scandal .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in spain has fallen for the second month in a row , the interior ministry says .
northern ireland 's health minister simon hamilton has pledged # doubled to help reduce the number of children in northern ireland .
plans to build a new swimming pool in derby have been approved by the city council .
hearts have signed striker bjorn johnsen from hearts for an undisclosed fee .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it has successfully tested a vaccine for the first time .
two brothers have been jailed for sexually abusing two girls in rotherham .
a number of people have been killed in a fire at a gaa museum in county londonderry .
one of israel 's most senior police officers , jamal alsheich , has been appointed as the new police and crime commissioner .
egypt 's constitutional court has ruled that the muslim brotherhood will not be allowed to vote in the egyptian parliament .
holyrood 's finance committee has called on the scottish government to ratify its new fiscal framework .
two british military personnel have been killed in a helicopter crash in afghanistan , the ministry of defence has said .
it 's been a turbulent year for prime minister david cameron 's decision to leave the european union .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a railway station in nottingham .
italy have appointed former italy boss antonio conte as their new manager on a three - year contract .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after being found unconscious in a hotel in everton .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has arrested four people in connection with the theft of a national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- .
ghana 's new president john mahama has been sworn in as president of ghana 's presidential election .
the number of people being diagnosed with dementia in england has fallen by more than a third in the past decade , research suggests .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in london to mark the 30th anniversary of the battle of the oscars .
the american football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- has become the first english player to play in the united states for the first time .
west end musical west end musical west end musical theatre in 2014 , according to the latest figures from the arts council .
south africa batsman simon harmer says he ` ` ca n't ride '' after being named in the england squad for the second test against south africa .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
the number of people being placed in care homes in england and wales has risen to its lowest level in four years , a watchdog has said .
the number of nurses working in hospitals in wales is at its highest level since records began , figures show .
plans to restore a victorian cemetery in wrexham have been given the go ahead .
the risk of developing type-2 diabetes could increase the risk of diabetes , a study suggests .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have joined the duke and duchess of cambridge for the first time .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed siege in birmingham .
the cost of the cost of cancer drugs in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to uk researchers .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire all - rounder josh thornton on loan until the end of the season .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has announced it will begin paying flights to the nigerian capital , lagos .
more than half of coral betting in coral , coral , have been left ` ` shaken '' by the industry , according to a report .
a man from edinburgh has been jailed for four months after being found guilty of possessing a stash of weapons .
angel rangel says swansea city are capable of winning the premier league title this season .
sheffield wednesday striker butterfield butterfield will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury .
an investigation has been launched after a body was found at a harbour in aberdeen .
cardiff city head coach garry pilkington says his side are still looking for their first championship win of the season .
more than a third of councils in scotland should be allowed to buy their homes , the scottish government has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key events in the democratic republic of congo .
the french government has filed a lawsuit against french authorities over alleged tax evasion .
the fbi has released details of a leaked email that appears to have leaked data leaked from the ashley madison site .
the us house of representatives has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' about donald trump 's controversial remarks about female president donald trump .
the new star of the new star wars film has said he does not know what he would like to be the next actor .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the future of the bbc 's new technology programme is to be launched .
prime minister david cameron has set out a plan for the uk to stay in the eu after the uk voted to leave the eu .
scientists say they have developed a gene that can detect the risk of developing cancer .
it 's one of the biggest films in the world .
a japanese soldier has died after being struck by a car in the south of the country , officials say .
president : abdel fattah al - sisi .
rev claudia winkleman is to return to strictly come dancing next year , it has been announced .
two brothers have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in glasgow .
david cameron has accused david cameron of being ` ` fences '' as he defended the government 's plan to become the uk 's next prime minister .
a canadian man has spoken of his shock at a wedding ceremony in canada after being hit by a car .
scotland 's kirsty gilmour won gold in the women 's singles final at the european championships in glasgow .
oxfordshire 's private sector could be at the heart of the year , research suggests .
a court in brazil has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a woman in the capital , brasilia .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi cyhoeddi y bydd hi ' n cael ei ym yn y chynnal .
hundreds of people have protested in hong kong in the south chinese city of hong kong to protest against the government 's handling of domestic violence .
events have been held in the republic of ireland to mark the centenary of the easter rising .
intel has reported a sharp drop in profits for the first three months of the year .
the scottish football association -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced it is to step down as part of a programme to improve the performance of young pupils .
celtic have been charged with crowd trouble during the champions league group stage .
england lock george kruis has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
wigan warriors have signed wigan warriors full - back sam tomkins on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
an inquest into the death of a six - year - old girl who fell into a hotel in blackpool has been opened .
mitt romney is the new president of the us house of representatives .
a man in the us state of colorado has been arrested in connection with a shooting at a beach in new zealand .
the death toll from a deadly disease in burkina faso has killed at least 12 people , officials say .
nottinghamshire batsman james taylor has signed a new three - year contract with the county .
a new chief executive has been appointed as the new police and crime commissioner for wales .
the mother of a woman who was stabbed to death in the italian alps has said she is ` ` devastated '' by her death .
bangladesh 's national grid has said it is investigating the collapse of a massive power station in the indian capital , dhaka .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner is to call for a review of the way police and crime commissioners are funded .
a police investigation has begun into the death of a man in aberdeen .
yum brands , the owner of kfc , taco bell and pizza hut , has reported a sharp rise in sales in china .
police in mexico say they have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a police officer in the north - eastern state of guerrero .
tram services at manchester 's tram station have been given the go - ahead by the government .
grimsby town manager paul straker has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
a painting by leonardo da vinci has been restored to the public for the first time in more than a century .
the former head of the royal bank of northern ireland -lrb- tim -rrb- has told the bbc that northern ireland 's tourism sector is at risk of closure .
mexican police say they have seized more than $ 1bn -lrb- # 55 m -rrb- in the north american state of tamaulipas , the us state of arizona has said .
the uk 's exit from the european union would cause the uk leaving the european union , according to the ratings agency moody 's .
chelsea defender eduardo eduardo has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
scientists at the university of aberdeen have launched a virtual reality game .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with shares in dixons carphone falling after it reported better - than - expected profits .
the number of young girls in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , a report says .
it 's been a year since the photograph of the paris attacks on jakarta 's capital jakarta .
a dog has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in wiltshire .
the northern ireland health minister has called on the health minister to take action to improve the health service in northern ireland .
the us - led coalition islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq , syria and iraq have been targeted by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
barrett barrett , one of the world 's most bombed says , is one of the world 's most dangerous supporters .
actor and actress jessica blessed has spoken about the dangers of her baby daughter , who has died at the age of 17 .
it was once described as the ` ` world war '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in northampton .
the first welsh language to be taught in wales is being held in cardiff .
nasa 's new juno spacecraft has returned its first colour colour .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a woman in staffordshire .
lewis hamilton edged mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the australian grand prix .
sdlp leader alasdair eastwood has said he will step down as leader of the sdlp alasdair eastwood .
dockery dockery is to return to the london stage for the first time in more than two decades .
a woman has appeared in court in california charged with the murder of a us businessman in the us state of california .
venezuela 's president has called on president nicolas maduro to step down after his son was shot dead by president nicolas maduro .
sri lanka cruised to a 46th victory over sri lanka in the second one - day international in colombo .
a major shopping centre in edinburgh is set to close after a # 4.5 m revamp .
the bank of england and natwest bank , the bank of england , has cut interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
the national parking association -lrb- bpa -rrb- has said it is investigating allegations that a car park in lincoln was ` ` few '' .
kevin marriott scored twice as rotherham united came from behind to beat rotherham united at the memorial stadium .
warwickshire will begin their defence of the county championship in the first round of the county championship at edgbaston .
a woman has been found guilty of murdering a woman who was found dead at her home in hertfordshire .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in exeter .
amy johnson has been appointed as the new star of the new guardians of the galaxy .
it 's been a turbulent year for donald trump .
google 's chief executive , sundar pichai , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
the uk will leave the european union after brexit , the head of the european union has said .
liverpool have been crowned champions of the champions league for the first time in more than two decades .
forest green rovers moved up to second in the national league with a hard - fought win at forest green rovers .
fidel castro , the cuban communist leader , has died at the age of 87 .
the wife of a british man who has been detained in iran has been arrested in iran , his family says .
a former bbc radio presenter has been cleared of sexually abusing two teenage boys .
wales centre jamie roberts says he is ` ` gutted '' by the british and irish lions squad for the two - test tour of new zealand .
police in germany say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in the city of munich .
a man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery in edinburgh .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have returned to scotland for the first time in more than two years .
northern ireland 's environment minister has called for an urgent review of the sale of poultry in northern ireland .
stoke city have signed striker steve bruce from championship rivals fulham for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been shut down after a fire broke out at a former restaurant in newport .
turkish police have arrested 44 people suspected of links to the country 's main opposition leader , recep tayyip erdogan .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- has reported a sharp fall in sales for the second quarter of the year .
police in italy have arrested four people in connection with a gang gang organised crime in italy .
the family of a man who died in a suicide attack in lancashire say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by his death .
harvard university has become the first country in the world to change its name .
it 's been a turbulent year for the british and irish governments in the run - up to the general election .
one of wales ' oldest known pubs has been officially opened to the public .
nico rosberg headed team - mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the canadian grand prix .
the national guard in the democratic republic of congo has become the first person to be shot dead in the city of keith .
a council has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' by a council 's decision to remove a lighting ` ` lighting '' in cambridge .
the family of anni dewani , who died in the south of south africa , have gone on trial in india for the first time .
the us navy says it has rescued a us cargo ship off the coast of hormuz , the us military says .
the hs2 rail line between london and birmingham is set to close , the rail firm hs2 has said .
the university of aberdeen has become the first in the world to be diagnosed with the disease .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have given birth to twins , two years after they were born .
ivory coast scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria to move into the semi - finals of the champions league .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has successfully landed a rocket on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
the target of a new target for primary school pupils in wales is ` ` not good enough '' , plaid cymru leader huw lewis has said .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his contract with the club after the transfer window closes on monday .
` ` it 's one of the world 's most famous stars , '' says patrick roberts , the founder of the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
doctor who star peter tennant is to star in a special episode of doctor who later this year .
fbi director james comey has said he did not know that president donald trump was fired by fbi director james comey .
us brewer brewdog has raised $ $ -lrb- Â # in -rrb- in crowdfunding to raise funds for the us and us governments .
a scheme to build superfast broadband homes in the south of england has been put up for sale .
derby county boss nigel pearson says he is not concerned about the extent of a hamstring injury .
two men have been found guilty of attempting to steal cash from a cash machine in north lanarkshire .
a food company has been fined # 200,000 after a worker was found dead at a house in newport .
the leader of the scottish conservatives , alex thomson , has said she will not vote for the uk to leave the european union .
discount retailer existing has announced plans to create 250 new jobs in the north of scotland .
the number of students applying for university places in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the afghan taliban .
the number of cars being sold in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to new figures .
steven naismith has been appointed norwich city manager until the end of the season .
grimsby boosted their league two promotion push with victory over 10-man grimsby .
the families of two victims of the prison in england and wales have lost their legal challenge to a judicial review .
huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the championship with victory over sheffield wednesday .
welsh cyclist aled davies says she will be ` ` proud '' to compete at this summer 's world championships in london .
the shortlist for this year 's nobel prize for literature has been announced .
mexico 's attorney general says it is investigating claims that a former governor of the state governor , javier duarte , will be investigated .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has called for a review of the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- over the deaths of two sas reservists .
a new law to protect victims of sexual abuse in england and wales has been launched by the justice minister .
shrewsbury town midfielder anthony ogogo will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a mother and wife who died after being hit by a shovel have been given a suspended jail sentence .
fifa president sepp blatter has called for a ban on poppies on poppies during world war two .
cornish pirates have signed former cornish pirates prop tom channon on a two - year contract .
more than a third of children in the uk have been diagnosed with the disease , a study suggests .
a man has admitted stabbing a man to death in east kilbride .
all photographs by richard sheep .
muhammad ali has become the first boxer in the world to be crowned the world 's biggest boxing event .
former prime minister mauritius jugnauth has been appointed as the new prime minister .
a british soldier has been killed in a glacier in indian - administered kashmir , the army says .
claire claire is the most successful athlete in the history of her life .
human remains have been found in a suitcase in shropshire , police have said .
one of the world 's most famous artists , jack leach , has died at the age of 91 .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of northern ireland 's political institutions .
farmers have been using your questions to ask us what they want to know about the west midlands .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have returned to the uk for the first time in more than a decade .
former labour mp andrew mann has been given a suspended prison sentence after being convicted of fraud .
a fire which broke out at a derelict building in the scottish borders has been extinguished .
former first minister alex salmond has told the scottish independence referendum that the independence referendum is ` ` not acceptable '' .
birmingham city manager sean morrison says his side 's performances in saturday 's defeat by st andrew 's in saturday 's 1 - 1 draw at st andrew 's .
us president donald trump has called for the removal of us president donald trump in the white house .
sutton united came from behind to beat gateshead in the national league .
canada 's prime minister has rejected a controversial trade deal with canada .
the family of a man who died in a crash on the m1 have paid tribute to him .
worcestershire maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a three - wicket win over worcestershire in the one - day cup .
leaders of the tuc have voted in favour of strike action over cuts to public services .
a new species of ancient dinosaur footprints has been discovered in china , scientists say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house in dundee .
a holocaust memorial has been held in poland to mark the 70th anniversary of the holocaust 's holocaust .
glamorgan head coach jacques rudolph says he is confident he will be ready for the county championship next season .
the family of a three - year - old girl who died in a hospital in the us state of tamil nadu have been given medical treatment , the bbc has learned .
rock band red hot are to headline the pyramid stage at this year 's glastonbury festival .
danish police are searching for a missing danish journalist who went missing while on holiday in denmark .
french foreign minister laurent fabius has been appointed as the new president of the french parliament .
us president barack obama and us president barack obama have signed a deal to impose sanctions against the us and china .
mae ' r ogystal yng nghymru wedi dweud y bydd hi ' n cael ei y i ' r ogystal yng nghymru yn cael ei ogystal .
glamorgan fast bowler timm van der gugten has been ruled out of the county championship season .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate , francois fillon , has said he will not seek re - election in the presidential election .
two people had to be rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in the north wales coast .
alastair cook 's maiden test century helped england to a batted win over pakistan in the first test of the third test in mumbai .
sussex fire service will be replaced by the end of the year , the county council has said .
women 's super league one champions manchester city reached the women 's super league one season with a 2 - 0 win over birmingham city ladies .
national league side southport have signed striker scott dugdale on a two - year deal after his release by blackburn rovers .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 25th anniversary of the bishop of york .
olympic bronze medallist dived graddon has retired from swimming at the age of 37 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found dead at a house in flintshire .
all images subject to copyright .
mae jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey gwadu jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey .
australia 's government has approved a state of emergency in australia for the first time in more than a decade .
welsh actor alun wyn jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the welsh film awards .
the shortlist for this year 's african women 's player of the year award has been announced .
england football association chairman greg dyke has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the football association 's decision not to reform the football association .
a suicide bomber has attacked a military base in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
scientists say they have developed a new way to help the world 's first baby born .
voting is under way for candidates and candidates to vote for the next general election .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has signed a deal with the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
more than half of nurseries in england will be offered free free childcare hours because of a lack of funding , the government has said .
badminton pair gabby and gabby adcock have been knocked out of the women 's doubles at the rio olympics .
ukraine is one of the world 's most successful athletes .
japan 's nikkei index fell on friday as the country 's benchmark economy continued to struggle with the country 's economy .
a man has admitted causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in glasgow .
a court in nigeria has sentenced three men to life in prison for the murder of a muslim man in the capital , abuja .
league one side wigan athletic have signed swansea city midfielder calum macdonald on loan until the end of the season .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says he wants to stay at the club until the end of the season .
more than half of wales ' most deprived communities are in danger of being left behind by the welsh government , the first minister has said .
in the wake of the brexit vote , bbc scotland looks at some of the questions about the future of the north east of scotland .
formula 1 is going to be the first formula 1 grand prix .
the mother of a man who died after being hit by a beach in east sussex has called for a change in the way it was responsible for his death .
a project to help people affected by the grenfell tower fire has been given the green light .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being attacked by a group of men in dundee .
home secretary keith vaz has called on the home secretary to apply to the home secretary calling for the removal of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
worcestershire 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the championship were dented as they were held to a draw by worcestershire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash .
us actor john collins has donated $ thing -lrb- Â # texas -rrb- to settle a collection of $ knife -lrb- # independence -rrb- in texas .
universities in england will be able to pay tuition fees on university tuition fees , chancellor george osborne has said .
the uk 's national security agency has opened its doors for the first time in the uk .
the head of the united nations has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the shooting of a turkish soldier in the north of the country .
a florida man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a 10-year - old girl in the us state of florida .
alastair cook 's decision to leave england in the first test against india in the third test at old trafford was a remarkable achievement for alastair cook .
a new pension scheme is to be carried out on the future of a new pension scheme , the bbc understands .
if you want to know about the world 's best badminton superstar , to arora is one of the world 's most prestigious sports stars .
a review of the closure of police control room in scotland has been delayed until the end of the year .
mae ' r prif weinidog theresa may wedi dweud na fydd y blaid lafur yn ` ` 10 dilyn '' , yn ôl prif weinidog cymru .
a commission snake has been found in the back of a snake in florida , florida .
the uk 's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.5 % in the three months to september , according to a survey .
nottingham forest have signed striker federico macheda from championship rivals nottingham forest for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of jobs are to go at the northern ireland operations of caterpillar , the firm has said .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of the mole valley in berkshire .
cardiff city boss sean morrison says his side must improve their chances of reaching the championship play - offs .
more than half of uk children in the uk are being warned about the dangers of eating medication , according to a new report .
worcestershire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a hosts win over derbyshire at the county ground .
choi choi is one of the most influential people in the world .
somerset director of cricket peter robinson says his side can not afford to beat middlesex in the county championship .
a county antrim man has appeared in court charged with stealing more than # 500,000 from the county antrim football club .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in brighton .
gregory gregory has become the first man to win the british open at royal troon .
the number of young people in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a report .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares on london 's stock market fell sharply on wednesday , with the ftse 100 closing lower .
the result of the uk 's vote to leave the european union was a result of the vote to leave the european union .
a gas company has been fined # 200,000 after a gas leak was found in a gas leak .
taliban fighters have entered sangin in helmand province for the first time since the battle of helmand gah .
a grade ii - listed stately home which was damaged by fire has been restored to the public for the first time .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash on the andreas near racing , county down .
a man has been jailed for a series of offences relating to so - called ` ` revenge porn '' .
all images are copyrighted .
a prison officer has been seriously injured after being attacked by a prisoner in county londonderry .
preston north end came from behind to beat preston north end and reach the second round of the efl cup .
us federal reserve chair janet yellen has said the federal reserve will raise interest rates for the first time this year .
germany midfielder wolfsburg nicknamed has been banned for two games after being found guilty of breaching germany 's striker striker for a second time .
the final of the 2017 africa cup of nations will be played in cameroon , the country 's athletics federation has confirmed .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's duke and duchess of cambridge have joined the duke of cambridge .
a man has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
virtual reality is one of the most hotly anticipated stories in the uk .
a pair of pine insects have been discovered on a farm in the north of england .
japanese electronics giant toshiba has said it is in talks with the japanese conglomerate for the first time in more than two years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most famous men .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and her husband .
virat kohli 's century helped india to a suresh victory over pakistan in the first match of the world cup .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in events across lincolnshire to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of armed forces .
scientists say they have discovered the remains of fossilised bones found in a cave in california .
mark cavendish became the first briton to win the tour de france as britain 's mark cavendish won the final stage of the tour de france .
the world war two veteran alan turing has died at the age of 88 .
manchester city have signed chelsea striker radamel falcao on loan until the end of the season .
at least 29 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city defender linden linden on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
british actress emily beau has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a balcony balcony in bristol .
bristol city boss lee johnson says he is ` ` devastated '' by the club 's lack of winning the league one play - offs .
india and bangladesh have signed a deal that will see the country 's most populous state .
the campaign for the uk to stay in the european union has been launched by the welsh government .
olympic bronze medallist beth tweddle has become the first british gymnast to win a medal at the rio olympics .
england captain dylan hartley says the british and irish lions have a ` ` big chance '' of winning the world cup .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he has no plans to sell liverpool midfielder raheem sterling .
former olympic heptathlon champion richards - ross richards - ross has revealed she has been diagnosed with cervical cancer .
championship promotion hopefuls sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat rotherham and reach the efl cup fourth round .
at least two people have been killed in a saudi - led coalition air strike in the yemeni capital , sanaa , the un says .
the head of the uk leaving the european union , lord o'donnell , has said the uk should leave the eu if it leaves the eu .
wigan warriors have signed full - back kieran tierney from wigan warriors for an undisclosed fee .
a woman has died after being rescued from a beach in newcastle .
leaders mamelodi sundowns of south africa 's mamelodi sundowns have been knocked out of the africa cup of nations in gabon .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
one of the world 's biggest electric cars has been unveiled in london .
former spanish president madrid carmena has been elected as the new mayor of the spanish capital , madrid .
if labour wins the general election on 8 june , labour leader jeremy corbyn said it would be ` ` impossible '' for the government to scrap tuition fees .
a hospital trust has been fined # 7,500 after a woman was found dead at a hospital .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in essex have appealed for help to trace him .
millwall extended their lead at the top of league one with victory over coventry city .
the uk 's foreign secretary , shaker aamer , is returning to the uk for the first time .
changes to english gcse changes are to be introduced in england and wales this summer , bbc scotland has learned .
chancellor george osborne is set to announce his first budget as chancellor , the chancellor , george osborne , has announced .
australians who commit citizenship are to be allowed to join australian citizenship , pm tony abbott has said .
the irish open will host the 2017 irish open , the european tour 's governing body has announced .
a woman from kent has said she is ` ` disgusted '' by the comments made by a woman who said she was ` ` bullied '' by a colleague .
a police officer who died after being hit by a train in durham has been named by police .
the united states has expressed concern over the death of a prominent human rights activist in bahrain .
south africa have appointed russell domingo as their new head coach .
jose mourinho 's first game in charge of chelsea ended in defeat as chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea at stamford bridge .
aberdeen have signed aberdeen defender graeme shinnie on loan until the end of the season .
england head coach eddie jones says his side 's performance in the 21 - 16 defeat by england in the six nations was ` ` a bit like a bit of a ball '' .
one of the world 's most famous women , the world cup , has won the world cup for the first time .
michael dunlop set the pace in the second practice session at the isle of man tt on sunday .
the front page of northern ireland 's main political parties , the paper , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of the brexit vote .
a man has appeared in court charged with murdering a woman in cambridge .
dundee united were relegated from the top of the championship with victory over dundee united at tannadice .
the number of people claiming to be in the uk has risen for the first time in four years , according to a new report .
the rugby world cup gets under way in paris on saturday , with the british and irish lions on the final day of the season .
great britain 's cave cave finished third in the men 's gruelling final at the world championships in switzerland , australia .
dundee moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over dundee at dens park .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted rape of a woman in milton keynes .
it 's been a year since dolly parton 's latest album , swedish , for the first time in more than two decades .
gay people in uganda have been banned from entering the country in a crackdown on social media .
floyd mayweather and conor mcgregor have been knocked out of the ufc mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- in las vegas .
thousands of children have taken part in an international school in the capital , nairobi , for the first time in more than 30 years .
nagelsmann nagelsmann has been appointed as the new coach of bundesliga champions bayern munich .
thousands of people have taken part in a series of photographs of the victims of the grenfell tower tragedy .
the wife of a man who died after he was restrained by his wife has said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the death of his wife .
a # 30 m research centre in manchester has been approved by the university of manchester .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of pope benedict xvi , who has died at the age of 82 .
police in scotland have said they are dealing with organised crime gangs as part of efforts to tackle crime .
world number one rory mcilroy is on course to win the dubai desert championship after carding a six - under - par 66 at the dubai desert classic .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have attended the queen 's 90th birthday .
a man has been arrested in connection with an arson attack on a mosque in the us state of kansas .
a former swansea city football club has died at the age of 83 .
the us zoo where a gorilla was fatally shot by a gorilla has died at the age of 72 .
french police have launched an investigation after reports of a bomb attack on a train in paris , french police say .
a cat has died after being hit by a cat in edinburgh .
former fifa president sepp blatter has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about president sepp blatter 's decision to quit the european union .
a memorial to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of hastings has opened in kent .
japan 's government has approved a plan to upgrade the nuclear power plant at the fukushima nuclear plant .
more than 100 people have attended a meeting in manchester to discuss a ` ` terrorist attack '' in the wake of the manchester bombing .
she she is one of the most famous women in the world .
nottingham panthers secured their place in the semi - finals of the elite league with a 5 - 2 win over nottingham panthers .
championship strugglers blackburn came from behind to beat blackburn and move to within two points of the relegation zone .
the prince of wales has said he is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the persecution of religious freedom in the middle east .
the uk 's largest energy power station is to get electricity from norway to norway , the uk government has announced .
an inquiry into the deaths of five nhs hospitals in england has been criticised by the health watchdog .
one of the world 's most famous mythical , cardigan , has been unveiled in the west coast .
pop star prince harry has become the first pop star to win the tour de france at the age of 81 .
two men have gone on trial charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in a hotel in hertfordshire .
juan martin del potro was knocked out of the australian open with a straight - set win over croatia 's juan martin del potro .
justice secretary michael gove has said the uk should be able to join the eu if it leaves the eu .
this week , teachers in england and wales are taking part in a wave of preparation for exams .
a campaign has been launched to prevent the spread of the meningitis b vaccine in wales .
real madrid striker gonzalo higuain has signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until 2021 .
a monster believed to be one of the most famous characters in the world has been found in a loch in the highlands .
voting has begun in elections to elect a new general election in cheshire .
the uk 's history of independence is to be marked by the end of the year , the government has announced .
one of the world 's most famous 1950s has been sold at auction for # 7,200 .
the bank of england has voted to raise interest rates for the first time since 2006 .
bradford city have signed former bradford city and sheffield united midfielder joe darby on a two - year deal .
canada 's prime minister , harper harper , has launched an appeal against canada 's immigration laws .
tata steel , the uk 's biggest steel business , has been bought by tata steel , the bbc understands .
a court in sri lanka has sentenced two men to life in prison for the murder of a man in sri lanka .
gloucester hooker mark adair has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
china 's artificial intelligence agency has unveiled a new version of its artificial intelligence system .
pakistan 's supreme court has ordered the arrest of a pakistani student accused of plotting to kill the pakistani government .
a couple in the us state of ohio say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the social media of a couple who said he was sexually assaulted .
the way patients are diagnosed with cancer are being reviewed by the danish government .
a stretch of water has been closed for the first time in more than 40 years .
brighton defender michael vaughan has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has issued an investigation after it was found on a website in the us .
plans for a golf course for golf golf course have been approved by the scottish wildlife trust .
as australia 's new prime minister , peter hart was the world 's most famous man .
myanmar 's president thein sein has signed a deal aimed at ending the country 's peace process .
31-year - old 31-year - old has become one of the most influential fashion brands in the world .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former national league club forest green rovers on a one - year contract .
the uk 's biggest energy provider , dermot , has said it is ` ` confident '' that the uk 's energy industry is facing a ` ` big year '' .
a new study suggests that the future of the world 's most important type of wheat is likely to rise .
cardiff city have appointed former cardiff city boss russell slade as their new manager .
china 's economy has been hit by a sharp fall in the number of the world 's largest oil and gas sector .
nigeria 's military says it has rescued more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by the islamist militant group boko haram .
britain 's dan evans won olympic gold in the men 's individual medley at the european championships in london .
a man has been reunited with his home medals after being found in the back of a house in bristol .
former england captain chris clements says the welsh women 's super league will be a ` ` big challenge '' for the sport .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of scotland 's fishing industry .
russia has announced its first air strikes on the syrian city of aleppo .
young people in inverness are being warned about alcohol drinking , according to a report by the health board .
the uk 's biggest energy firm , aggreko , has reported a sharp fall in profits for the six months to december .
imagine the world 's most famous tablet computer .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo became the first african club to qualify for the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon .
two firefighters have been rescued after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in east lothian .
derbyshire all - rounder tom since has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
councils in england are to be given more powers over the next five years , the government has said .
20 mph speed limits in manchester and manchester have risen to its lowest level since records began , city council has said .
the northern ireland secretary of state has said he will not be able to play in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
tate modern has become one of the most influential artists in modern art .
the conservatives have won the general election for the first time in the general election .
hundreds of people have taken part in newcastle 's rugby world cup event in newcastle .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has been cleared by the football association for comments he made about chelsea manager jose mourinho .
a farmer who built a mock tudor castle in his home has been ordered to return to the high court .
a minute 's silence has been held at the inquest into the manchester arena attack which killed 22 people .
former world war one poet dustin johnson has died at the age of 86 .
an outbreak of norovirus at raigmore hospital in inverness has been closed due to an outbreak of norovirus .
a woman has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of fraud .
the government is set to vote on whether to allow an end to the general election on 8 june .
the leader of colombia 's largest rebel group , the national liberation agency -lrb- eln -rrb- , has been arrested in the capital , havana , officials say .
a man who stole more than # 90,000 from a private equity firm has been jailed for two years .
women in wales are being investigated by the welsh government over the issue of women .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has said he will not step down as part of a major crackdown on banks in the country .
a hospital trust has been placed into special measures by the health regulator monitor trust .
tens of thousands of protesters have marched through the streets of myanmar 's capital , yangon , after protests against the government .
two men have been arrested in connection with a raid on a jewellery shop in lincolnshire .
kenya 's presidential candidate raila odinga has been charged with treason , the country 's electoral commission has said .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off .
the ghana bridge in ghana 's capital , accra , has been closed to the public for the first time .
a man has been seriously injured in a crash on the biggar near 32-year - old , county antrim .
the family of murdered solicitor pat finucane have called for a review into the killings of the murdered .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in liverpool .
a statue of the late artist david bowie has been unveiled at his home in east yorkshire .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- leader michael fallon has accused david cameron of ` ` islamic '' remarks he made on twitter .
bees are more likely to survive crops in the uk , according to research .
league two side crewe alexandra have signed former crewe alexandra striker ryan lowe on a one - year contract .
one of the world 's most famous horses , rob , has been caught on camera in the us state of indiana .
police are searching for a missing romanian woman who has been missing for more than two weeks .
the family of a man found dead at his home in east london have been reunited with their belongings .
bbc northern ireland has been named the bbc 's three - day of the year for the first time .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in oxford .
a children 's church in norfolk has been told to apologise after a resident complained about christmas .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
national league strugglers southport have parted company with head coach paul watson .
sale sharks director of rugby steve diamond has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the brother of qandeel baloch , the brother of murdered pakistani social media celebrity qandeel baloch , has died at the age of 86 .
the organisers of the belladrum tartan heart festival have launched a new online music festival .
pop star kylie baker has launched a video video about mental health problems in the wake of mental health problems .
tesco has announced plans to close its retail distribution centre in the uk .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman with a baseball bat .
archaeologists have discovered a new tools cave in the inner hunting of the islay inner .
worcestershire captain joe mitchell made his first century of the season to help his side beat derbyshire at derbyshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in county antrim .
a man in her 70s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary - style attack in londonderry .
the iranian embassy in tehran has been lifted to iran , the foreign office has confirmed .
the us has become the first country in the world to become the first country in the world to remain in the united states .
the us state of connecticut has announced plans to move to the city of columbus in the us .
northern ireland 's agriculture minister michelle o'neill has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of food in northern ireland .
downton abbey star andrew johnston is to star in a tv remake of the tv series downton abbey , the bbc has announced .
the german bank of germany -lrb- rbi -rrb- has announced the retirement of the state pension system .
jared payne is expected to be fit for ireland 's six nations game against france in dublin on saturday .
league two side luton town have signed former crewe alexandra defender jon cash for an undisclosed fee .
a high court judge has ruled that northern ireland 's department of agriculture -lrb- dard -rrb- could be built in northern ireland .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' by the force 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
two men have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle guns and cocaine into the uk .
burger brand , one of the uk 's biggest burger brands , has announced plans to buy gourmet burger burger for $ a -lrb- # premium -rrb- .
sony has announced that it is to buy its first last sale in the us .
the chief executive of the british government has called on the uk government to ratify the legacy of the killings of the british government .
india 's supreme court has ruled that a plan to build a nuclear power station in the southern indian state of tamil nadu is a ` ` disaster '' .
it 's been a turbulent year for lewis hamilton .
the murder of a northern ireland man who was shot dead by the ira in 1972 is being investigated by the ira 's attorney general .
league one side mk dons have signed former aston villa defender callum robinson on a two - year deal .
young people in edinburgh are more likely to be linked to violent crime , according to a new study .
sky is launching a mobile phone service for sky , the uk 's biggest mobile phone service .
dr dr john hinds , who died in a motorcycle accident in county antrim on saturday , has died .
msps have voted in favour of a holyrood vote on the future of the scottish parliament .
the number of plastic bags sold in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in four years , the bbc has learned .
aberdeen city council has voted to reject plans for a # aberdeen redevelopment of the city centre .
a man arrested in connection with the alleged hacking of phone hacking has been arrested on suspicion of phone hacking .
thousands of people have gathered in lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of magna carta .
british number one andy murray will miss the aegon championships in london with a knee injury .
nigeria 's government has said it is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the government 's response to the country 's civil war .
a man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash at alton towers .
the queen is to become the first woman to be knighted in the queen 's 90th birthday , the queen has said .
league two side blackpool were held to a goalless draw by crawley in the efl cup second round .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for rain has been issued for parts of wales .
olympic gold medallist scott scott has stepped down from his role as head coach of the great britain team .
great britain 's olympic taekwondo team will compete at next year 's olympic games in rio .
the number of scots working in scotland has fallen for the first time in a decade , according to a report .
it 's been a year since the birth of the world 's most famous children .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of the british heart foundation -lrb- fundraiser -rrb- .
british airways cabin crew have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay .
the mother of a three - year - old boy who was diagnosed with meningitis has won an appeal against his omission from the uk government .
such such , the first woman to compete at the rio olympics , has become the first female woman to compete at the rio olympics .
brentford defender tom jones has signed a new two - year deal with the championship club .
actress julia blackman is to return to the west end next year , it has been announced .
a rare edition of the world 's most famous fleet has been sold at auction for # - .
oscar - winning actress morgan morgan has died at the age of 83 , her publicist has confirmed .
the closure of the closure of dumfries and galloway council is being considered by councillors .
microsoft has launched a product version of the world 's biggest video game minecraft .
chancellor george osborne has said he wants to cut income tax for the first time since the end of 2015 .
the race for the republican presidential nomination in the us presidential race has been a bittersweet affair .
british number one johanna konta has withdrawn from the aegon championships at the aegon classic in nottingham .
indian prime minister narendra modi 's visit to the indian capital , delhi , is one of the biggest challenges in the world .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says anthony martial is ` ` the best player in the world '' .
the football match between north wales and manchester united has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
stoke city defender ryan shawcross will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the mother of a woman found dead at her fife home has told the bbc they were ` ` shocked '' by the death of a woman who was found dead in her fife home .
england women came from behind to beat ireland in their opening game of the women 's six nations .
the case of a man convicted of committing mental health patients in england and wales is to be reviewed .
on the caribbean island of la , one of the world 's most famous caribbean , la sweltering , is one of the world 's most important ones .
german fashion firm havelock europa has announced plans to create more than # 100 m in the uk .
sir chris hoy is to host the 2017 bbc sports personality of the year award .
the chief executive of the pompey football club , michael brown , has said he will vote on the future of the club 's board .
a shark has been rescued by a shark after getting into trouble off the coast of pembrokeshire .
the international refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- says it has reached a deal with the international refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- to help people displaced by the boko haram islamist insurgency .
the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- has announced that the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- will be taking place .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of south africa 's capital , harare .
a metropolitan police officer has been cleared of misconduct after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
if you want to know about the monaco grand prix ?
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key issues in iran .
australia 's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.1 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
fracking in wales will be allowed to carry out fracking , the environment minister has said .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a block of flats in glasgow .
the judge in the oscar pistorius trial has ruled that oscar pistorius should be allowed to return to jail .
the family of a us journalist killed by the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria have filed a lawsuit against the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a rare sea turtle found washed up on a pembrokeshire beach has been found safe and well .
china 's environment minister has called on china 's environment minister to do more to protect the country 's economy .
a group of mps has called on the government to review the law on tax avoidance in the wake of the tax avoidance scandal .
worcestershire have signed south africa fast bowler miguel abbott on a short - term deal for next season .
northern ireland 's finance minister has called for an investigation into a multi - million pound investment scheme in northern ireland .
a report into the use of medicines and medicines in wales has been published by the welsh government .
calls have been made for the rspca to investigate allegations of animal cruelty , the rspca has said .
great britain 's men missed out on a medal at the 2016 olympic games in london as they missed the chance to go top of the table .
malawi 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by malawi .
at least four people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a powerful storm swept across the australian city of sydney .
wales wing nicky morgan has signed a new contract with newport gwent dragons .
a new species of juvenile has been discovered in the pacific ocean .
one of tanzania 's most prominent gay clerics has called for a ban on gay people in tanzania .
bp is the world 's biggest oil company , according to the world oil company -lrb- iea -rrb- .
alex hales and alex hales hit centuries as nottinghamshire beat nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the one - day cup at trent bridge .
the european central bank has lowered its gas growth forecast for the first time in more than two years .
the football association of america -lrb- faz -rrb- has launched a new video that will allow the football association to be banned from the sport .
sri lanka maintained their grip on the one - day cup quarter - finals with a lanka win over sri lanka in rain .
the wife of a us woman who has been missing for more than two weeks has been found dead in the us .
the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has called for the removal of a us wildlife refuge in the us state of oregon .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will take part in a service to mark the 150th anniversary of the death of princess diana .
britain 's aljaz bedene has been knocked out of the world rankings in the second round of the french open .
hong kong is to become the first hong kong region to be built in hong kong .
ivory coast 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by ivory coast at the africa cup of nations .
senegal 's hopes of qualifying for the 2017 africa cup of nations were ended after a 1 - 1 draw with senegal .
welsh secretary alun cairns said he was ` ` shocked '' by the decision to leave the european union .
a former army sergeant has been appointed as the new chief executive of the british army .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower , with the dow jones closing to a record high .
a charity has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the potential closure of leeds rhinos .
russian president vladimir putin has been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the international paralympic committee has ruled .
it 's been a busy year for london 's transport system .
world number one novak djokovic beat world number one novak djokovic in the first round of the rio olympics .
league one side bury have signed teenage striker daniel 19-year - old on loan until the end of the season .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side 's performance after their 1 - 0 win over rangers at ibrox .
a woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a lorry on the building in dumfries and galloway .
league two side crewe came from behind to beat league two side crewe in the fa cup second round .
britain 's andy murray has won the world number one ranking for the first time .
the parents of murdered schoolgirl michael michael have lost a legal challenge to the supreme court to challenge the family of murdered schoolgirl michael michael .
tens of thousands of people are expected to descend on the vatican 's new roman catholic church , the vatican has announced .
more than a third of patients in the uk could be prevented from the end of the year , a study suggests .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in bristol .
chancellor george osborne has urged the government to do more to tackle congestion in the north east of england .
sweden striker zlatan ibrahimovic says he was ` ` shocked '' by his side 's 4 - 0 thrashing by sweden .
fernando alonso set the pace in second practice at the canadian grand prix as lewis hamilton won the austrian grand prix .
one of the world 's largest passenger airliners , the world 's largest passenger jet , has been sold at auction for # m .
it was one of the most remarkable moments in the history of the beatles .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in australia for the first time in a new tour of australia .
greece 's finance minister , alexis tsipras , has told me that the greek government will not be able to reach the eurozone .
sussex have appointed former sussex head coach steve davis as their new head coach .
the former chief executive of west belfast has been awarded # client in damages from the us and uk governments .
wales women came from behind to beat italy in the women 's hockey world league semi - finals .
swansea city manager paul clement says the club 's fans have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the pressure of striker leon britton .
it 's been a year since harper lee became the youngest person in the world .
a man has gone on trial accused of the murder of a man at a glasgow primary school .
regulators in the us state of securities have launched an investigation into the use of digital technology .
martin mcguinness will return to the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt .
more than half of doctors in england are being investigated by the nhs in a bid to reduce the number of patients being diagnosed with cancer .
the nhs in wales is one of the most important public health boards in the uk .
a by - election has been held in the scottish parliament by - election .
a trial in the trial of a man with hiv has been launched by the world health organization .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in south yorkshire .
if you want to know what 's going to be the most successful olympian in sport ?
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in county tyrone .
the number of female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- in wales is at its highest level since records began .
dixons carphone , the uk 's biggest online retailer , has reported a rise in profits in the first three months of the year .
scientists have discovered the most precise supernova ever seen in the atmosphere of the dinosaurs .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on tuesday , helped by a sharp rise in sales .
bbc sport football expert mark lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 world cup .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end on saturday .
a woman has said she was ` ` overwhelmed '' after being conned out of a dating website in york .
the welsh government has announced plans to raise # learned to help children in england and wales .
an investigation is under way after a number of people took legal action against british foreign minister leigh leigh .
a mental health unit has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a patient at a care unit in inverness .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's decision to cut the funding of scottish athletics .
in the wake of russia 's annexation of crimea , russian president vladimir putin has told the bbc that russia will not be banned from the european union .
a row has erupted over the future of ukip 's new leader and deputy leader of the uk independence party .
thousands of people in the uk are being affected by a lack of compensation from the uk government , the government has announced .
wales coach robin mcbryde says the british and irish lions are ready to play the british and irish lions tour of new zealand on saturday .
monty python star terry jones has pulled out of an episode of the tv show monty python .
donegal will face donegal in sunday 's ulster sfc final at croke park on saturday .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in mexico 's presidential election .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in north - west london .
the number of people in the united states has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a survey .
a man has been charged with terrorism offences after a man was arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
norwegian mass killer anders behring breivik has written to oslo 's norwegian prison to protest against the norwegian mass killer anders behring breivik .
the uk 's biggest online retailer , carphone , has been hit by a cyber attack , the bbc has learned .
the brother of a man accused of murdering a cardiff man has been found guilty of murder .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have joined the royal mint to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
one of the world 's most famous tools has gone on public display for the first time .
councils in london have been told they can challenge up to # 50 m over the next five years , the bbc has learned .
league one side northampton town have parted company with head coach lee meanwhile .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was stabbed to death at his home in southend .
a plaque has been unveiled to commemorate the life of a teacher who was stabbed to death in leeds .
manchester united are one of the most expensive players in the world , according to former manchester united and manchester united midfielder danny wilson .
french prosecutors say they have arrested a man suspected of being part of a terror suspect in the paris attacks .
labour leader harriet harman has launched a manifesto for the party 's manifesto on women 's rights .
the scottish league cup final came to an end as they were held to a draw by west brom in the scottish cup .
manchester city 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the premier league were dented as they were beaten at home by burnley .
a man has been charged in connection with a terror attack on a hotel in paris , officials say .
chelsea midfielder victor moses could be out for up to three months with a knee injury , says manager mark hughes .
us president barack obama has called on us president barack obama to review the use of drones in the us .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , helped by gains on wall street .
galileo won the aidan cup for the first time in 11 years as they beat flash flash at filly park .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the world cup suffered a blow as they were bowled out of the intercontinental cup in dublin .
police have launched an investigation after shots were fired at a petrol station in west lothian .
jamie murray and jamie murray have progressed to the quarter - finals of the atp world tour finals in london .
croatia 's coric coric won the men 's world number one ranking with victory over croatia 's coric coric .
a man has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester .
former labour leadership contender alan hardy has called for a vote in the party 's election campaign .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about a deadly attack on a palestinian mosque in jerusalem .
french ligue 1 side bastia have said they are ` ` disgusted '' by reports of an alleged racist abuse .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on wednesday , with the ftse 100 closing lower .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of the attempted murder of a woman in county antrim .
a convoy of a convoy in the eastern ukrainian city of donetsk has been killed in a convoy of a convoy of lorries , the bbc has learned .
an inquest into the death of a two - year - old boy who died after being attacked by a dog has been opened .
a man has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for posting explicit images of children on social media .
alibaba , the world 's biggest online marketplace , has filed for $ sales bn -lrb- # ipo bn -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the spread of human health in the world .
pope francis has met palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in the occupied west bank .
lancashire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' by the force 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
republic of ireland boss martin o'neill is expected to miss the republic of ireland 's world cup qualifier against republic of ireland next month .
the rugby football union has asked the rugby football union to scrap the salary of french rugby union -lrb- boudjellal -rrb- .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in edinburgh .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has confirmed it will investigate the suspension of the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
up to 350 jobs are under threat at a antrim plant in county antrim .
thousands of people gathered on the isle of man to mark the 35th anniversary of the fleet beach in pembrokeshire .
it 's been a year since the death of james arthur at the age of 17 .
an inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations against lord janner is to be investigated by the police watchdog .
the us department of justice has announced plans to introduce a mobile phone system in the us .
police in the indian capital , delhi , have arrested a woman in connection with the rape of a woman in the capital , delhi .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of baghdad 's capital , baghdad , to protest against the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
mae ' r llewod sy ' n olaf y bydd steff yn bydd y bydd steff yn y gêm .
microsoft has announced that it will create an extra $ 2bn -lrb- Â # 5.4 bn -rrb- to build a next - generation broadband cable .
brendon brendon scored a hat - trick as perth scorchers beat perth scorchers to reach the big bash league final .
chinese shares continued to fall as investors remained cautious for the first time in more than two years .
a man has died after being hit by a bus in gwynedd .
london trio and we got are among the nominees for this year 's bbc children 's prize for 2017 .
star wars actor george ford has said he is ` ` happy '' to return to the role of star wars : the force awakens .
newcastle united manager rafael benitez says his side are capable of avoiding relegation from the premier league .
the son of osama bin laden , the son of osama bin laden , has told the bbc that it was behind the raid on a compound in the capital , islamabad .
blackpool fans have said they are ` ` disgusted '' by the decision to sue blackpool football club over comments he made about blackpool .
the prime minister , padraig harrington , has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the number of refugees arriving in syria .
ian cockbain 's unbeaten century helped kent to a four - wicket win over kent in the one - day cup at lord 's .
a supermarket has been fined # 200,000 after a supermarket was thrown out of a supermarket in a poundland supermarket .
the us says it is ` ` appalled '' by the us and afghanistan over the release of more than 200 afghan prisoners in afghanistan .
oldham 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at oldham .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found at a house in greater manchester .
national league side braintree town have signed scunthorpe united midfielder brad davis on a two - year contract .
two men have appeared in court charged with theft after a man 's body was stolen in newport .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in west belfast .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in moray .
former manchester united and england midfielder david beckham has signed a new contract with the club .
madagascar 's president rajaonarimampianina rajaonarimampianina has been elected as the new president of the united states .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in nottingham .
hundreds of protesters have taken part in a protest against the eviction of protesters at a protest rally in brighton .
the uk government 's new legislation to tackle brexit has been launched by the uk government .
tottenham missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by 10-man tottenham .
the 2017 women 's world cup will be broadcast live on bbc one .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- unions have agreed a new deal with london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- .
the un security council has unanimously approved a plan to cut hostilities in syria , in a move aimed at ending the conflict in syria .
playboy , playboy , playboy , internet , internet and dramatically .
offshore wind turbines are to be built in a bid to build a new offshore wind farm off the coast of scotland .
a new bridge has been installed in the river don in dumfries and galloway .
the number of victims of sexual abuse in england and wales has more than doubled in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
the cassini probe into saturn 's mission to saturn has begun its quest for the first time .
if you 're going to be the first scottish football player in the world , it 's hard to think of football .
a man has been jailed for five years after he was caught with a street value of # 1 m worth of heroin .
a team of scientists have discovered ancient proteins in the western city of swansea .
swansea city 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at swansea city .
england head coach eddie jones has named six uncapped players for saturday 's six nations game against england .
a high court judge has ruled that the high court in the case of one of the biggest fraud scandals in the uk .
hibernian head coach neil lennon praised his side 's defensive performance after their 3 - 0 home defeat by rangers in the scottish cup .
championship side hull city have signed hull city midfielder jonathan davies on a two - year contract .
england 's world cup quarter - final win over england has been hailed as ` ` outstanding '' by the football association of england .
a museum in oxford is to open its doors to the museum for the first time in its history .
the head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- , thomas bach , has been arrested in rio de janeiro .
plans for a wind farm in north lanarkshire have been approved by councillors .
one of the world 's biggest video games franchise is to open its doors for the first time .
blackpool have signed striker jamie allsop on a season - long loan from premier league side manchester united .
one of the largest shopping firms in the uk has gone into administration .
education secretary nicky morgan says plans to cut funding for schools in england are ` ` flawed '' .
home secretary diane abbott has called for an end to terror attacks in the wake of the london terror attacks .
olympic champion unspecified unspecified has been stripped of her olympic gold medal by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
england 's alex noren won the women 's pga championship at wentworth to win the women 's pga championship at wentworth .
a man has been jailed for four - and - a - half years for killing his wife and her wife .
a garden in north wales has been restored to the public for the first time since the devastating floods .
scientists say they have discovered the earliest evidence that humans found in africa .
work has begun on a new # 3 m arts centre in denbighshire .
in the middle east , one of the world 's biggest and most powerful leaders in the middle east , is one of the most important issues in the world .
a harmless snake has been found in the boot of a house in swansea , police have said .
fulham have signed borussia dortmund defender vienna 25-year - old on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found at a hotel in manchester .
a senior member of the european central bank -lrb- parcel -rrb- , appointed papademos , has been killed in a bomb explosion , officials say .
double olympic champion elise christie says she is lucky to be alive because of a neck injury .
paris st - germain have signed paris st - germain forward jese jese on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
greece 's former finance minister , greek greek , has been charged with fraud .
charlton 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at gillingham .
more than half a million children in the uk have been diagnosed with a peanut allergy , a study suggests .
the former leader of the welsh assembly has said he will not be standing in wales if he wins the general election .
james corden is to host the cast of david bowie in the us , the bbc has confirmed .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- over changes to bus services in bristol .
joe root is one of the most influential players in the world .
the gaa 's new football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has been defeated by the gaa 's governing body .
the boss of the world 's biggest car maker , carlos , has said the company will not be able to sell its shares in the uk .
the high court has failed to overturn a legal challenge over the legality of air pollution in the uk .
a former police officer has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of stealing more than # 500,000 from a police officer .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has declared the spread of the deadly ebola virus in guinea .
it 's one of the most influential artists in the world .
tube staff at london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- are to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay .
more than 100 people have been rescued from the river thames in the eastern indian city of rescuers .
former world number one tiger woods says he is ready to return to competitive golf .
brighton manager chris hughton says he has no intention of retiring for the rest of the season .
a five - year - old girl with a rare genetic condition has been taken to hospital with a rare genetic condition .
in the world of football 's world governing body fifa -lrb- organisation -rrb- , the bbc 's gabriel blatter looks at some of the biggest issues in the world .
a former pembrokeshire police officer has been jailed for 12 years for historical sex offences .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in birmingham .
one of the most famous toys in the uk has been sold at auction for $ moulded -lrb- # plastic -rrb- .
tunisia international forward sliti sliti has joined french side lille on loan until the end of the season .
plans to upgrade a stretch of the a55 in wrexham have been delayed because of a lack of delays .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness has announced he is to leave the post office .
brexit secretary david davis has said the uk government is ` ` very confident '' about the uk government 's brexit strategy .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car in glasgow city centre .
singapore is one of the world 's most powerful universities .
one of the world 's most famous show , roald dahl , has been sold at auction for # props .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell shot a five - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the open championship at royal troon .
ipswich town moved up to third in the championship with victory over struggling queens park rangers .
the supreme court has dismissed the high court ruling that the high court in the eu referendum is ` ` not acceptable '' .
thousands of people have been taking part in the uk 's first day of the year .
russia 's justice ministry has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' that a new law to protect foreign agents in the country is unconstitutional .
a report into the deaths of two pilots in norway has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a report into a fatal crash in norway may have been avoided .
it was one of the most memorable moments in scottish football history .
great britain 's davis cup match with great britain is one of the most famous players in the world .
bangladesh 's central bank is investigating reports that hackers stole $ 1.6 bn -lrb- Â # bangladesh -rrb- in the capital 's central bank , officials say .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
the football association has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the us football association 's decision to introduce new rules on football in football .
a man has been jailed for six years after pleading guilty to assaulting a man in londonderry .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has called on philippine president rodrigo duterte to hold talks with president barack obama .
a woman has been killed in a car crash in france .
the uk 's largest container ship , the port of grangemouth , has opened a multi - million pound upgrade to the port of grangemouth .
it 's been a year since the end of the year .
the pound has fallen for the second day in a row after greece 's vote to leave the european union .
wigan warriors head coach shaun wane says his side have a ` ` good chance '' of winning the super league .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a glass glass truck in thailand .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
a world war one memorial site has been uncovered during world war one .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged in connection with the death of bollywood star salman khan .
a fire which broke out at a recycling centre in greater manchester has been destroyed by fire .
hundreds of people are expected to be evacuated from a ceredigion beach due to a weather warning .
leinster maintained their perfect start to the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for carrying out a string of sex attacks on patients in the east midlands .
people living in the caribbean island of island are being urged to stay away from their home in the isle of man .
scientists say they have discovered the earliest evidence of a rare species of prey found in china .
khong khong is one of the most powerful women in the world .
college lecturers have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay .
a city 's financial services authority -lrb- 450 -rrb- has been fined # apology by the city regulator for failing to pay the city 's financial services .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the river nith in the cairngorms .
us president barack obama has called for an investigation into the death of a medecins sans frontieres clinic in the afghan city of kunduz .
the family of a junior doctor who died after suffering a suspected cardiac arrest say they are ` ` devastated '' .
the mother of arlene arkinson has told the inquest into the disappearance of arlene arkinson was a ` ` nightmare '' .
england 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw at chelmsford .
four people were injured when a rollercoaster crashed into a crowd at alton towers in the aftermath of the alton towers rollercoaster crash .
google has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
social media users in england and wales are being asked to take action against a new law to tackle online abuse .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has warned people with mental health problems such as post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- .
a musical musical musical in west london is to be staged in london .
nottingham forest midfielder guedioura guedioura has joined championship side wolves on loan until the end of the season .
named named , one of the world 's most popular music musicians , has died at the age of 74 .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the scottish government 's named person scheme .
women have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the women 's fashion .
jos buttler hit a century as england beat pakistan by five wickets in the first one - day international at malahide .
an investigation has begun into the death of a man who was found dead at a house in lancashire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell to # m. in the first three months of the year .
liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf has been awarded the prestigious president of the united nations .
pharrell williams has topped the uk singles chart for the first time in more than two decades .
leeds united midfielder george galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a former rangers football club boss has been jailed for stealing more than # 100,000 from the scottish football club .
the head of the welsh government has said he wants to cut the number of local authorities in wales .
police have appealed for help to trace a man who has gone missing from his aberdeenshire home .
schools in scotland are to be given a new curriculum to improve children 's education , the education minister has said .
a south yorkshire stately home has been restored to the public for the first time in its history .
the former head of the unite union , jonathan roache , has been named as the new leader of the union .
surrey all - rounder gareth batty has signed a new two - year contract with the club .
rail services in north wales have been closed because of heavy rain .
the mayor of london has written to the prime minister calling for a new runway to be built at gatwick airport .
portsmouth came from behind to beat league two side portsmouth in the fa cup first round .
police in germany say they have arrested a man in connection with a deadly attack on a town in the german city of cologne .
hungary 's prime minister has told the bbc that asylum seekers could be forced to leave the country after a train derailment in the capital , budapest .
ricky miller scored the only goal of the game as dover came from behind to beat chester at the national league .
two people have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of devon .
at least 10 afghan soldiers have been killed in an attack on a military base in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
the uk 's immigration policy is ` ` not good enough '' , a leading immigration minister has said .
hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in south yorkshire calling for tougher sentences for victims of sexual assault .
prime minister david cameron has said he will vote for the uk to stay in the eu , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called on president jacob zuma to step down as president of the south african government .
people in the uk are being asked about how they do not know what they are talking about .
an investigation into the deaths of two pilots at a helicopter crash in the highlands has been launched .
alviro petersen 's maiden first - class century of the season helped lancashire take control against lancashire on day two at old trafford .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in dorset .
a fisherman had to be rescued after falling into the sea off the county antrim coast .
artificial intelligence , the world 's first artificial intelligence system , has been developed by google 's artificial intelligence team .
the chinese language is one of the world 's best in the world .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon has said he will step down .
the house of lords has passed its first parliamentary hurdle in the house of lords .
sutton united came from behind to beat 10-man cheltenham town in the fa cup third round .
polling stations are taking place in england and wales in the 2016 general election .
motorists in north wales are being advised to drink responsibly , police have said .
it 's been a busy year for the rugby world cup .
the indian army has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the disputed border between india and china in the first round of the disputed indian border .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed robbery in norfolk .
newport gwent dragons have agreed a deal to sign newport gwent dragons from newport gwent dragons .
australia captain steve clarke has paid tribute to australia captain joe clarke after his death on the opening day of the second test against australia .
four people have been killed in an attack in china 's xinjiang province , state media report .
birmingham city manager tony adams has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his wife at their home in county antrim .
american golfer jason bohn has pulled out of the us pga championship because of a neck injury .
the bbc 's director general has called on the government to scrap the licence fee for the bbc licence fee .
it 's been a busy year for the city of london .
the deputy first minister , gordon gordon , has been appointed as the new head of the northern ireland assembly .
police in the german city of hannover have warned of a ` ` security threat '' in the wake of the paris attacks .
do you think you know about the news of the world of entertainment ?
oscar - winning actor sir christopher christopher has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be reunited with his new album .
arm holdings , the world 's biggest technology maker , has agreed to buy the world 's biggest technology firm , arm .
a court in japan has sentenced two people to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the country 's president , russian cult .
the metropolitan police has said it will investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against sir bernard hogan - howe .
glamorgan batsman aneurin donald has been named glamorgan 's player of the year for the first time .
a russian airliner has crashed in the egyptian city of egypt , killing all 224 people on board .
sir eric pickles has announced he will step down as leader of the house of commons .
jonjo shelvey scored twice as newcastle beat newcastle to move up to third in the premier league table .
a man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at a house in greater manchester .
a six - year - old boy has become the first person to be born in the uk for the first time .
in the wake of the death of thomas cook , the chief executive of thomas cook , the chief executive of thomas cook , has told the bbc .
cosmetic surgery on cosmetic surgery in england have been criticised by the royal college of surgeons .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has signed a new deal with the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- .
plans to close a grade i listed school in knowsley , county down , have been scrapped .
two rugby players have been named in the new year 's eve of the year for the rugby world cup .
barak barak is a seventeen farmer .
at least two people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a protest in the southern indian state of chhattisgarh , officials say .
lewis hamilton beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to win the austrian grand prix .
ugandan opposition leader kizza besigye has been re - elected as president of uganda 's presidential election .
more than 100 people have been evacuated from besieged rebel - held eastern districts of the syrian city of aleppo , the un says .
forest green came from behind to beat torquay united and move into the national league play - off places .
chelsea striker eden hazard has been named premier league player of the month for the first time .
the conservatives have lost overall control of northamptonshire county council .
ufc lightweight champion conor mcgregor has become the first ufc boxer to win the ufc lightweight title in las vegas .
actor and actress rosie o'donnell has been diagnosed with a heart attack in the us state of virginia .
wigan warriors moved level on points with super league leaders castleford as they came from behind to beat wigan warriors .
it 's been a turbulent year for the uk to leave the european union .
us president donald trump has told the bbc he is ` ` very scared '' to be the next president of the us .
the small island of pacific , near the border with mexico , is on the verge of a deadly attack on the island of guam .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as wycombe wanderers beat wycombe wanderers to go top of league two .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in snowdonia .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has completed its first mission to the international space station .
glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- has opened its doors to the glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- .
a hospital in herefordshire is to close at the end of the year because of a shortage of beds .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a woman whose body was found in a burning car .
defender joe stephens says he is ` ` sad '' to be in charge of the premier league club after his side 's 2 - 1 defeat at everton .
the dutch investigators say they have no evidence that the malaysia airlines plane crashed in eastern ukraine earlier this month .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
solihull moors have signed striker marcus bignot on a two - year deal following his release by yeovil town .
characters richardson has been named as the new star of the comic con for the first time .
former rangers captain barry ferguson has described the scottish cup final victory over rangers as ` ` a joke '' .
partick thistle have signed former partick thistle defender alan archibald on a two - year contract .
lewis hamilton is one of the best formula 1 drivers of the year .
for the first time in more than 30 years , millions of people in the arctic state of south africa have been gearing up for the first time .
a funeral service has been held for a british man who died in the falklands war .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences in rotherham .
a judge in los angeles has ordered a private judge to pay $ susan -lrb- Â # susan -rrb- to settle a legal battle over her ex - husband son 's family .
russia 's economy shrank by more than a third in the three months to the end of march , official figures show .
moeen ali 's century helped england to a stokes victory over england in the second test at trent bridge .
tottenham will face tottenham in the fa cup semi - finals at wembley on sunday , 5 august .
great britain 's 24-year - old 24-year - old won olympic gold in the women 's champion kg event .
the court of appeal has ruled that a court in the us state of ontario has gone on trial in the us .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a post in glasgow .
donald trump has been elected as the new president of the united states .
laura muir says she is confident she can win a medal at this year 's world indoor championships in birmingham .
map , map , elena , map , map , map , map and sure .
st johnstone maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard - fought victory over st johnstone .
the syrian government says it has agreed a ceasefire deal aimed at ending the conflict in syria .
wales defender tomas francis says he has no regrets about retiring for the rest of the season .
thousands of people have been taking part in the inaugural queen 's 90th birthday celebrations .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the bnp paribas open with a straight - set win over croatia 's magdalena rybarikova .
a service has been held in cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
pop star robbie williams has returned to the top of the us album chart for the first time .
the winter winter weather has been the warmest year for the first time since records began .
a british holidaymaker has died after falling from a beach in the uk .
national league side ebbsfleet have signed defender gary mills following his release by national league rivals torquay united .
the number of teacher places in scotland is set to rise by more than a third in the next five years , according to a new report .
a dumfries teacher who admitted downloading indecent images of children has been banned from the profession .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by france in dublin .
nottinghamshire all - rounder daryl gurney has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
alcohol consumption in england and wales is at its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new report .
tottenham midfielder andros townsend has been suspended from the england squad for an undisclosed fee .
department store chain macy 's has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first three months of the year .
the british and irish lions head coach joseph joseph has told bbc sport that he will not be fit for the british and irish lions tour .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman on a dating website in dundee .
argentina 's foreign minister has called for an end to argentina 's handling of the falkland islands in the falkland islands .
ulster 's hopes of reaching the all - ireland football championship suffered a blow as they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by ulster at croke park .
lancashire pair steven livingstone and steven livingstone shared a first - innings lead on day two against lancashire at old trafford .
tens of thousands of people have marched through the streets of mexico 's capital , enrique pena nieto .
manchester city have signed chelsea midfielder scott sinclair on loan until the end of the season .
coventry city council has agreed to sell the ricoh arena to the ricoh arena .
germany 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the world cup suffered a setback as they were beaten by germany in the first leg of their euro 2016 qualifier in germany .
a new exhibition is to be held in the north east of wales for the first time .
a liverpool councillor has said he will not be able to buy a new liverpool city , despite criticism from the city 's mayor .
niger has filed legal action against niger over the sale of uranium mining , the world 's largest uranium mine .
bundesliga leaders bayern munich were held to a draw by hertha berlin in the first leg of their champions league last-16 tie .
roger federer reached the final of the atp world tour finals with victory over roger federer at the atp world tour finals in london .
britain 's alberto contador will miss the tour de france as he attempts to become the first briton to win the tour de france .
it 's been a year since michael gove was elected prime minister .
the authorities in india say they have arrested a man in connection with the death of a young lion in the indian state of gujarat .
bolivian president evo morales has ordered the closure of the country 's power company , evo morales .
scotrail has called on the scottish government to do more to tackle the punctuality of scotrail .
a new music festival is to be held in the city for the first time in more than 100 years .
police in california say they have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a man in the us state of oregon .
walsall have signed defender jordan roberts from league one rivals walsall for an undisclosed fee .
us president donald trump has signed a executive order banning religious freedom in the white house .
a former army commander has resigned over allegations of physical and sexual abuse at a former army base in iraq .
a high court judge has ordered a high court judge to review the case of a swansea woman who has gone missing from her home .
more than a third of people in scotland are suffering from food banks , according to a report .
great britain 's lucas lucas won her first medal of the rio paralympics with victory in the women 's paralympic final at the rio olympics .
a man has been jailed for four years after being convicted of a string of sex attacks in south wales .
ross county secured their place at the top of the scottish premiership with a tie win over 10-man ross county .
italy 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by italy .
manchester united have completed the signing of manchester united defender paddy mcnair for an undisclosed fee .
former liberal democrat leader nick clegg has been elected as the new leader of the snp .
a private care home in the southern indian city of kolkata -lrb- formerly untouchable -rrb- has been agreed by the home secretary .
ukip leader nathan gill has said he will not stand in the assembly election .
macclesfield extended their lead at the top of the national league with a 2 - 0 victory over macclesfield .
angela merkel is one of the most powerful countries in the world .
the number of people waiting longer than a year in northern ireland has more than doubled in the past five years , a report has said .
more than # 15 m is to be invested in a multi - million pound regeneration scheme in swansea .
carlisle 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw at carlisle .
newcastle falcons prop rob green has been banned for six games after pleading guilty to assaulting his opponent .
meet beth that , who has died at the age of 16 , has been talking about how she can eat .
a giant fort of wales has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
two men have been found guilty of stealing more than # 1 m from a farm in essex .
it 's been a busy year for pop star madonna .
a animal has died after being shot in the head by a tiger in the us state of virginia .
scientists say they have developed a new way to tackle the growing effects of sunlight .
a cash machine has stolen a cash machine from a bank in south london , police have said .
a dundee man has been jailed for four - and - a - half months for embezzling more than # 100,000 from a dundee prison worker .
a chronology of key events : .
scientists in cambridge have developed a robot capable of producing robots .
a parish church has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the council 's decision to scrap a housing estate in guernsey .
bin collections are to be installed in flintshire in a bid to tackle bin collections .
police in the us state of san diego have arrested four people in connection with the death of a man in the us state of san diego .
holders tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo were held to a draw by the democratic republic of congo in the last 16 of the african nations championship .
britain 's chris froome won stage eight of the tour de france as britain 's chris froome retained the overall lead .
a texas police officer has been charged with assaulting a police officer in the us state of texas .
swindon 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at swindon .
a man has been charged with drink - driving offences after he was arrested on suspicion of drink - driving .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has told the bbc that he will not be the next leader of the welsh conservatives .
one of the world 's leading women 's super league one , charley hull , has told bbc sport that she will be playing at the end of the season .
the police watchdog has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about allegations of child sexual abuse in rotherham .
the royal college of midwives -lrb- rcm -rrb- has called for an increase in pay pay for the nhs in northern ireland .
a new study has shown that the ` ` hear '' of a relay ear can help stem the size of his brain .
the chief executive of kent city council has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the use of a house in kent .
paris 's prime minister has written an open letter to the victims of the paris attacks .
a grade ii - listed * has been given grade ii listed status for the first time in wales .
more than a third of children in the world are pregnant , according to a new report by the un children 's agency .
the muslim community has called for a boycott of the muslim community in the wake of the paris attacks .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most important seats in the general election .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union is continuing to fall , according to the latest survey from the bank of england .
hospitals in bristol are being urged to stay away from a&e because of a shortage of beds .
lee clark has been named as the new manager of kilmarnock .
a new statue of the royal navy has been given the go - ahead by the ministry of defence .
belfast boxer paddy barnes was knocked out of the world boxing championships with a unanimous points win over contest bow in belfast .
the chief inspector of schools in england has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died when a building collapsed on a building site .
one of china 's most famous zhou , zhou zhou , has died at the age of 83 .
league one side millwall have signed striker lee tomlin from national league rivals chester on a three - year deal .
the us is to send more troops to iraq to help fight so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , us officials say .
wales manager chris coleman praised his side 's defensive performance after their 1 - 0 win over romania in their euro 2016 qualifier .
facebook has agreed to pay $ patent bn -lrb- Â # patents bn -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the chief inspector of schools in england has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors .
a man has been arrested in china after being caught on camera in china 's capital , beijing , state media report .
carl froch says he will retire from boxing at the end of the season .
ireland 's women 's hockey team finished second in the final of the european indoor championships in lisburn , austria .
people have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the manchester attack .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq , sources say .
league one side wigan athletic have signed former manchester united midfielder chris lindegaard on a one - year contract .
juventus 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by lazio .
former world number one tiger woods has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
the father of a man who died after falling off the coast of south wales has accused the high court of ` ` dive '' .
downing street has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to cut the number of police officers in england and wales .
bristol city are set to miss the start of the championship season with a knee injury .
the wife of a british woman who was arrested in iran on charges of spying has been sacked , her family says .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko on his way to beating wladimir klitschko at wembley on saturday .
a man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of dumfries and galloway .
denny solomona scored two tries as widnes vikings beat widnes vikings to move up to third in super league .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in powys .
labour has promised to set up an extra # 180 m to cover the nhs in england if it wins the general election .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
farmers in wales are being urged to take urgent action to tackle the growing threat of milk in wales .
the family of a british tourist missing in peru have said they are concerned about the dangers of his family .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a british woman in pakistan .
the family of a baby who died after being refused a job have said they are ` ` disgusted '' by the family 's handling of their ashes .
a new theatre in south georgia is to open its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
a lifeboat crew had to be rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off the county antrim coast .
red bull 's max verstappen won the red bull grand prix for the first time in more than two years .
a senior chinese official has called for china to be given a new law with china after the country voted in favour of a new trade law .
the number of inmates being held in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , figures show .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in police , county antrim .
england 's women 's handball team will not be able to compete at the 2020 olympic games in rio , says world cup winner andrew robertson .
a man who stole hundreds of thousands of pounds on the internet has been jailed for two years .
a giant indian artist has been found guilty of stealing more than $ 500,000 -lrb- Â # southern m -rrb- from a chinese museum .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has criticised the international anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- for failing to monitor anti - doping .
interviewed shake has been sworn in as the new president of the united states .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for corruption .
an inquest into the death of a british teenager who went missing in the french alps has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by the coroner .
belgian police have arrested a man suspected of recruiting terrorist attacks in belgium , belgian police say .
former england captain steve borthwick has been named head coach of england 's coaching staff .
an inquest into the death of a man who was found dead at a sussex beauty spot has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by an inquest .
the new star of the new solar space telescope has found a new world record for the first time .
plans for a new cycle road in cardiff have been approved by the city council .
the isle of man 's isle of man has been injured in a crash on the isle of man .
the government is to launch a government initiative to reduce the number of unaccompanied child refugees in the uk .
` ` it 's the parents of a five - year - old boy . ''
sinn féin 's martin mcguinness has said he is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- in the republic of ireland .
ap mccoy has become the first british jockey to win the ap mccoy trophy .
a syrian man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a syrian refugee teacher on the greek island of lesbos .
donald trump says he has no regrets about becoming the world 's best golfer .
mark warburton has been appointed as the new manager of celtic .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a birmingham street .
a review of the grenfell tower fire is to be published in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
more than a third of adults in england and wales are not being treated unfairly , the bbc has learned .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in staffordshire have paid tribute to him .
karl robinson 's first game as mk dons manager has been unveiled .
unemployment in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
britain 's andy murray reached the second round of the italian open with a straight - set win over italy 's grigor dimitrov in rome .
glamorgan have been relegated to division one of the county championship after beating essex at chelmsford .
virat kohli 's unbeaten half - century helped india to a six - wicket win over india in the first test of the four - match series .
the remains of a roman friary dating back to the 19th century have been unearthed , archaeologists have said .
former us open champion laura robson has returned to the united states for the first time .
brian cookson says he was ` ` shocked '' by british cycling 's governing body over claims of bullying in the sport .
when popal is one of the most influential men in the world .
friends and friends have paid tribute to a fan who died in a car crash in cardiff on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in cambridgeshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
a care home in cornwall has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
the death of a man who was shot dead by poachers in zimbabwe has been found in zimbabwe .
the number of people from colombia 's coca cultivation has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to the un .
a cat found in a nottinghamshire village has been reunited with his owner .
arsenal 's hopes of reaching the fa cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by blackburn .
more than 100 people have been diagnosed with a norovirus outbreak at a hospital in cardiff .
the ulster football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has confirmed it is investigating allegations of racist abuse at the ulster football club .
a group of mps has strongly criticised the uk government 's handling of the uk 's immigration system .
hundreds of people have been stranded in a series of snow overnight due to high winds and snow .
west ham 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by 10-man cheltenham .
west ham have signed nigeria international midfielder emmanuel emenike on a season - long loan deal .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in glasgow .
scientists say they have found a way to unlock the secrets of the dna system .
work to repair a damaged railway line in surrey has been delayed because of a landslip .
gary neville has been sacked as valencia manager at valencia .
the family of a woman who was arrested in colombia on charges of drug trafficking in australia have said they are ` ` shocked '' .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's biggest technology companies .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
former cuban president jorge fernandez de kirchner has died at the age of 85 .
a denbighshire farmer has won an appeal against a decision to allow a wind farm to be built on the isle of wight .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has declared a state of emergency in the wake of the failed coup of president recep tayyip erdogan .
portsmouth missed the chance to go top of league two with victory over hartlepool at fratton park .
the number of small businesses in scotland has more than doubled in the last five years , according to a new report .
the department of transport -lrb- pcs -rrb- has announced plans to close the service of the uk 's busiest rail service .
it 's been a busy year for comic relief .
the independent inquiry into child sex abuse claims against child sex abuse is to be investigated by the independent inquiry into child sex abuse .
british number one johanna konta has become the first british woman to win the british open for the first time .
facebook has been criticised by the european commission over the privacy of its privacy privacy policy .
two women have been found dead at a flat in glasgow .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
the owner of sports direct , mike ashley , has called for an inquiry into the conduct of mps .
one of the world 's most famous lord is to be sold at auction for # attenborough .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a memorial to mark the 50th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
russell knox says he is looking forward to becoming the first scottish golfer to win this year 's us open .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the migrant crisis in the aegean sea .
drivers are being warned to expect disruption on the m8 in north lanarkshire as part of a # 500 m upgrade of the m74 .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` very sorry '' to be re - elected as leader of the labour party .
the discovery of the solar system in the solar system has been revealed by scientists .
police in italy say they have seized a number of raids over the seizure of cocaine and cocaine .
the uk 's advertising watchdog is calling for an investigation into the conduct of a group of people who are accused of making ` ` inappropriate '' behaviour .
a man who became the first person to be honoured with terminal cancer has been recognised with a knighthood .
swansea city moved up to third in the premier league with victory at swansea city .
manchester city council has unveiled plans to build a new # 2bn city centre in manchester city centre .
australia reached the world cup quarter - finals for the first time with a thrilling victory over australia in cardiff .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in hoyland , county down .
the electoral commission is considering whether to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu .
the bbc 's new series of bbc radio 4 's new series of bbc radio 4 's new series has been announced .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his brother - in - law in a ` ` savage '' attack .
britain 's chris froome won stage eight of the criterium du dauphine in a sprint finish to win the criterium du dauphine .
german president recep tayyip erdogan has said german president recep tayyip erdogan is a ` ` new era '' for turkish president recep tayyip erdogan .
a convicted murderer who was convicted of trying to sue the west midlands prison is to appeal against his sentence .
former world heavyweight champion martin harrison says he will be ` ` proud '' to be the first british man to win the ibf heavyweight title .
the republic of ireland 's parliament has voted to legalise abortion in the republic of ireland .
turkish government forces have launched an attack on a wedding party in northern syria , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
scotland 's economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9 % in the first three months of the year , according to a survey .
anthony joshua 's fight against wladimir klitschko at wembley 's world heavyweight title rematch with wladimir klitschko is a ` ` chink '' , says former heavyweight champion anthony joshua .
scientists say they have developed a new way to produce carbon dioxide -lrb- co2 -rrb- in the atmosphere .
lewis hamilton headed mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the russian grand prix .
a letter written by the duke of london for the royal family has sold for # betty at auction .
the number of welsh internet users in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , according to a report .
work has begun on a new # pass cycle road in cardiff bay .
plans to close a grade ii listed museum in leicestershire have been given the go - ahead by the county council .
bernard tomic says he has no regrets about retiring from the sport because of a lack of money .
in the wake of the battle of hastings in the us , one of the world 's most famous lord , amherst , has become the most popular place in british history .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the bbc scotland news website will be broadcast live on bbc one scotland .
the number of wild ponies in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since the end of the year , it has been claimed .
hundreds of people have been killed in a series of attacks by palestinian militants in the gaza desert , the un says .
a social media campaign has been launched to celebrate the life of a 15-year - old boy who has been missing for more than a week .
prescription drugs could be used to reduce the risk of prescription drugs , the police have said .
a new visitor centre in nottingham has been given the go - ahead by the county council .
a woman has gone on trial accused of raping a woman in edinburgh .
the uk has become the first country in the united states to raise money for the united nations .
michel platini has been given a 90-day suspended ban from football 's world governing body .
league one side southend united have signed striker jamie proctor on a season - long loan from league two side luton town .
britain 's cheshire 2012 gold medallist ruta cheshire has qualified for the 2018 winter olympics .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group say they have agreed to end peace talks with the farc rebel group .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to ratify the ` ` deficit '' of the uk 's trident nuclear programme .
a health trust has admitted causing the death of a man who was hit by a mental health unit .
a council has been accused of industrial action over a dispute over pay and conditions .
manchester united have confirmed the signing of manchester united defender luke shaw for an undisclosed fee .
it 's been a year since george osborne was elected chancellor of the exchequer .
a labour mp has resigned from the labour party over comments he made about jeremy corbyn .
the northern ireland economy grew by 0.5 % in the second quarter of the year , according to the bank of england .
a ukip councillor has been suspended from the party after being suspended from the party .
theresa may has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the government 's response to the grenfell tower fire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north wales .
the museum of england has reopened its doors to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
the us national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- is to hold an extra $ 10 m -lrb- Â # nfl -rrb- to help combat the san francisco 49ers .
chelsea captain john terry says he wants to stay at the club until the end of the season .
a man who killed a man in a ` ` brutal '' attack at a mental health unit in sussex has been convicted of manslaughter .
luton town extended their unbeaten run to six games with a hard - fought win over luton at kenilworth road .
police in the us city of baltimore have arrested more than 100 people in connection with the death of a black man at a football stadium .
a man has appeared in court accused of trying to smuggle drugs into a prison in birmingham .
a lorry driver who killed a woman when she was hit by a car has been jailed for seven years .
the scottish government has announced plans to create more than # 200 m of public money to the city .
thirty - three steelers has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
world champion competitors competitors has become the first man to win the world championship title of the year .
one of the uk 's most popular characters is to go on display in conwy county .
the world 's most famous baby , george osborne , has been named as the world 's most famous couple of the year .
a man who lost his legs in a car crash in iraq has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by a lack of confidence .
the archbishop of canterbury has called on the uk government to abolish the status of religion and religious beliefs .
the us state of san diego has banned seaworld in san diego for the first time in more than two years .
team sky rider phil henao has been suspended by the team 's anti - doping agency after failing a drugs test .
joey barton has been suspended by rangers for a second time after being released from training for an undisclosed fee .
rail services on the north wales coast have been disrupted because of a technical fault .
wales under-20 beat newport gwent dragons in colwyn bay to reach the under-20 european challenge cup .
portuguese entrepreneur tilli tilli is one of portugal 's biggest property firms .
a football match between northampton town and northampton town has been postponed because of crowd trouble .
wimbledon will play wimbledon in the first round of the aegon championships at wimbledon on friday .
plans to sell a former opencast mine in ceredigion have been approved by the council .
a 15-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in glasgow .
the hubble space telescope -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced its first ever space telescope .
it 's been a turbulent year for the european union .
` ` it 's one of the most famous women in the world '' .
one of the uk 's biggest banks has been fined $ trader -lrb- # trader -rrb- by the us federal reserve for rigging interest rates .
a team of scientists say they have found a way to restore the organ 's immune system .
national league side southport have parted company with manager lee johnson following their relegation to league one .
olympic gold medallists michael conlan and michael conlan have been excluded from the olympic games for the rio olympics .
plans to build a site hotel in east sussex have been approved by councillors .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest political crises in latin america .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who was stabbed to death at his home in glasgow .
dozens of people have been killed in a landslide in the colombian capital , freetown , after a landslide hit the town of juan .
firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a warehouse in kent .
labour leadership contender owen rees has been named as the new shadow cabinet secretary .
mae ' r heddlu wedi cadarnhau y bydd hi ' n cael ei ddau yn dilyn digwyddiad yn dilyn digwyddiad .
a rescue operation has been launched to help people affected by a fire at a church in greater manchester .
us president donald trump has told the bbc that she knew that us intelligence agencies spied on us president donald trump .
the family of a teenager who was diagnosed with motor neurone disease -lrb- mnd -rrb- has said he is ` ` devastated '' after being diagnosed with bowel cancer .
south sudan is the first country in the world to try to combat the violence of violence and violence in south sudan 's capital , juba .
india 's biggest online retailer , flipkart , has reported a $ 13bn -lrb- Â # e - commerce -rrb- deal to buy online retailer amazon .
hungary 's deputy prime minister , budapest szijjarto , has said that the european union should be banned from entering the european union .
the remains of a hill hill in dumfries and galloway have been found in a hill in dumfries and galloway .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who died after being hit by a roof .
a peregrine falcon has been spotted at a nature reserve in norfolk after a peregrine falcon was spotted on the ground .
captain ken owens says ospreys will have to improve their chances of reaching the pro12 play - offs this season .
security researchers in the us state of symantec say they have developed a program software that uses hackers to hack out of the web .
in the middle of the middle east , the world woke up in the middle east .
scientists say they have discovered a new species of ancient dinosaur fossils in the south china sea .
it 's been a year since the end of the season .
the palestinian islamist group hamas has pulled out of a memorial to the palestinian militant group hamas .
league one side port vale have parted company with manager sam allardyce .
physicists in the us have created a new type of times in the lab .
mclaren boss eric boullier says he is ` ` confident '' that his team will win the formula 1 title this season .
this year 's london film festival has been held in cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of his death .
the snp has lost its general election campaign in the wake of the snp 's election result .
mexican singer enrique iglesias is recovering in hospital after being injured in a drone crash in mexico .
supermarket prices in the uk have fallen by more than 5 % in the last three months , according to the supermarket of supermarket prices .
a review into the # garden bridge of london 's garden bridge has been given the go - ahead by the government .
rescue workers in the south african town of african say they have rescued more than 500 people from a river in the south of the country .
nottingham forest manager steve davies says he will return to the club after the club 's relegation from the championship .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest in cardiff to protest against changes to the welsh language .
adebayo akinfenwa scored his first goal of the season to rescue a point for wycombe wanderers against wycombe wanderers .
actress angelina jolie has been diagnosed with breast cancer , according to a new study .
the national trust for scotland -lrb- nts -rrb- has announced plans to build a upgraded stretch of the north west of scotland .
plans for a # 500 m redevelopment of cornwall stadium have been rejected by the prime minister .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on tuesday , with the dow jones higher on friday .
a report into the so - called trojan horse scandal in birmingham has been criticised by the government .
one of the uk 's most famous artists , kirsty williams , has died at the age of 87 .
great britain 's women won gold in the men 's 800 m final at the commonwealth games in rio .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
napoli striker gonzalo higuain has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
league two side crewe alexandra have signed midfielder kevin nolan on a two - year deal following his release by blackpool .
campaigners in the european union have backed a petition calling for an end to the controversial eu - us trade deal with the european union .
peterborough united have signed striker lloyd lloyd from league one rivals peterborough united for an undisclosed fee .
essex 's batsmen made a solid start to the season on day one of the county championship division two game against gloucestershire .
a man who died after being hit by a car in south london has been named by police .
work has started on a new # 25 m building at swansea university .
the leader of the liberal democrats , tim farron , has told the bbc he is ` ` not entitled '' about the issue of gay marriage .
millwall missed the chance to move into the league one play - off places with victory over millwall at the den .
police in the us state of indiana have issued a photo of a man they want to speak to in connection with a police investigation .
more than a third of people in england are struggling to cope with a lack of savings , a charity has said .
a disabled woman has won a legal battle over a disability discrimination case against her disabled daughter .
lionel messi scored twice as barcelona came from behind to beat real madrid and go top of la liga .
two brothers are to vote on whether to buy the house - building brothers of the ulster and ulster bank .
justice secretary michael gove has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the decision to leave the european union .
the husband of a man who died at the funeral of a funeral in the us state of virginia has said she is ` ` heartbroken '' by the family 's family .
hundreds of jellyfish have been washed up on beaches in the south west of england after jellyfish washed up on beaches .
hundreds of people have turned out to mark the 70th anniversary of the closure of ipswich airport .
one of the world 's biggest feat led has been sold at auction for $ 5 in -lrb- # curry -rrb- .
an italian court has acquitted the captain of the costa concordia cruise ship , who was jailed for manslaughter over the costa concordia disaster .
a man has been jailed for three years after being found guilty of burglary in a burglary at his home in derbyshire .
a welsh government minister has called for an independent inquiry into the # 1.3 bn swansea bay campus .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in edinburgh .
the owner of the generic mylan mylan , mylan generic , has announced it will sell its cheaper generic for the first time .
fo fo , who has died aged 84 , has died aged 84 , his biographer has announced .
the head teacher of a west manchester school has been hit by a head injury , the bbc has learned .
taliban fighters have attacked a bus in the afghan city of kunduz , killing at least two people , officials say .
plans for a conwy wind farm in snowdonia have been rejected by the welsh government .
a cat has been found guilty of trying to kill a cat with a kitchen cat .
channel 4 has apologised for comments he made about language star jeremy irons at a tv show .
birmingham city were held to a goalless draw by birmingham city in the fa cup second round .
thousands of contactless cards are being sent to contactless card payments , according to the uk card association -lrb- fsb -rrb- .
a mother and her partner have been cleared of manslaughter after a mother was killed in a bath .
the former un ambassador to israel has said he is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the death of his former chief of staff .
glamorgan will begin their defence of the county championship season with a home match against hampshire .
telecoms regulator ofcom has called on the government to change its rules on the introduction of mobile phone content .
a doctor has been suspended from the profession after being suspended from a mental health unit .
the owners of a pub where a pub was sold for more than a year have said they are ` ` delighted '' by the pub 's owners .
the mother of a czech woman who died in a lake accident in czech czech republic has been found dead in the czech republic .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a scottish schoolboy who died after being diagnosed with cancer .
all images are copyrighted .
thousands of people have been using their questions to tell us what they want to know about the west midlands .
the conservative party 's former chairman , ken clarke , has been accused of bullying and bullying .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , lenovo , has been shut down .
rochdale have signed midfielder ben hill on a two - year deal following his release by rochdale .
five - time olympic champion jessica ennis - hill has been diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
the high court has ruled that the uk government 's decision to allow the uk to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been rejected by the high court .
london mayor boris johnson has announced plans to increase the living wage for living living in london .
bradford maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a goalless draw at home to oldham .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has launched a campaign to tackle domestic abuse in england and wales .
mps have called for a change in the house of commons to be scrapped in england and wales .
two men have been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of aberdeenshire .
sky has rejected a takeover offer from sky and sky over its stake in sky and sky .
a huge fire has broken out at a warehouse in hertfordshire .
finance minister máirtín Ó muilleoir has died at the age of 89 .
partial results in the democratic republic of congo have failed to reach the second round of the presidential election .
prime minister david cameron has said the uk will not be ` ` cowed '' in the fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the final game of the galaxy note contest has won the world 's biggest football tournament in los angeles .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been arrested in moscow on suspicion of taking part in an anti - government protest .
a court in saudi arabia has sentenced two prominent shia muslim cleric to death in saudi arabia .
a scheme to build a new bike hire scheme in oxfordshire has been launched .
the chief executive of the nhs in england has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
plans to restore a grade ii - listed grade ii - listed grade ii - listed seafront have been approved by the council .
hundreds of people have taken part in a ` ` major '' exercise exercise in the east of england .
the leader of the welsh government has accused the welsh government of ` ` unacceptable '' criticism of the government 's handling of the system .
the head of the rugby football union has called on the rugby football union to introduce a ban on tackling safety in sport .
all images are copyrighted .
a team of californian girls have taken part in a robotics competition in the united states .
the church of england has voted to allow women bishops to women bishops in the church of england .
a former soldier has been sentenced to three - and - a - half years in prison for the murder of a former soldier at auschwitz .
two - time wimbledon champion petra kvitova is through to the second round of the french open at eastbourne .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed lower on wednesday , with gains in oil prices and oil prices .
the welsh women 's league cup final came to an end as they were held to a draw by 10-man peterhead at the arms park .
all pictures are copyrighted .
the great british bake off is expected to be the most watched tv show in the uk , the bbc has learned .
ukip wales leader nathan gill has said he will not stand in the ukip assembly election if the party wins the assembly election .
primary school pupils in wales are failing to learn lessons , a report has found .
bmw has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
a world war two silver coin found in a norfolk field has been discovered in a field in norfolk .
the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- has confirmed it will not be the first english rugby player to be awarded to the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- .
actress dame shirley carr has died at the age of 89 , her publicist has confirmed .
the european commission president , jean - claude juncker , has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's tax evasion .
plans to close a primary school in east dunbartonshire have been rejected by the scottish government .
a man has died in a fire at a house in west belfast .
china has launched its first video streaming service for the first time in more than a decade .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she will not stand in the welsh assembly election .
a man jailed for the attempted murder of a former soldier in london has lost his appeal against his sentence .
a judge in the us state of south belfast has been ordered to pay $ page -lrb- Â # page -rrb- to a man who took his own life .
nottingham tram has apologised after a spelling error .
former us president donald trump has been elected as the new president of the united states .
a man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist who was hit by a car in conwy county .
the russian ambassador to the uk has been awarded the freedom of the uk to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of britain .
the australian government has announced plans to create a new national park in australia .
olympic champion isaac makwala says he is ` ` not ready '' to compete at the rio olympics because of a ` ` medical condition '' .
a golf course in the scottish borders has been closed for the second time in a row .
league two side blackpool have signed former scunthorpe united and sheffield united defender joe 27-year - old on a one - year deal .
bournemouth manager eddie howe has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
watch the euro 2016 of the euro 2016 finals has been broadcast live on bbc one .
clashes between england and france in the euro 2016 match between france and russia will be investigated , the football association has said .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the expansion of a property developer in belfast .
middlesbrough moved to within two points of the championship play - off places as they were held to a draw by ipswich .
scotland 's most senior law firm has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' that the law will be introduced in scotland .
the world 's biggest car manufacturer , the world 's biggest car manufacturer , has launched a bid to build a driverless car in the world .
north korean leader kim jong - un has been arrested in north korea , south korea 's supreme court has said .
wales wing george north has signed a new contract with northampton saints .
irish amateur james dunne won his first european tour title by beating fellow englishman luke dunne in the final round of the european championship .
the new harry potter spin - off film has topped the uk box office for the second time in a decade .
ulster 's tommy bowe has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations game against ireland at kingspan stadium on saturday .
the uk government is to spend # mapping to help protect the impact of coastal erosion in the republic of ireland .
scotland lock lewis hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby .
it 's been a year since the first leg of the football world cup came to an end .
a man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a fan at a football match in the republic of ireland .
a man has died after being shot in the head with an air rifle .
teachers in england are failing to recruit teachers in england , according to a report by the oecd .
ben turner scored his first goal of the season to help his side earn a bonus - point win over featherstone in the national league .
more than half a million women in the uk are being diagnosed with breast cancer , a study suggests .
manchester city 's fa cup quarter - final tie against manchester united has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash .
a robot has been spotted on a robot in the us .
an independent review has been launched into the way it handles students at the university of cardiff .
artificial intelligence is one of the world 's biggest technology firms .
china 's central bank , china 's central bank , has become the most expensive country in the world .
the number of tickets for tickets for football fans in england and wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
turkish police are investigating the deaths of more than 1,000 migrants in the aegean sea in the aegean sea .
the world 's most famous female tennis star , david beckham , has been shot dead in the french capital , delhi .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has said he will step down as australia 's next prime minister .
lionel messi says he is ` ` very confident '' that argentina 's world cup quarter - final win over argentina will be a ` ` huge achievement '' .
washington dc united midfielder washington washington has signed a new contract with the national league club .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a run - off vote in the argentine capital , buenos aires .
england made a winning start to their world twenty20 campaign with a malan victory over south africa in cape town .
the inquiry into the death of a 16-year - old boy at a glasgow cemetery has been described as ` ` nonsense '' by the inquiry .
the republic of ireland 's hughie hughie has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the controversy over the comments he made on twitter .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of mosul , the un says .
a woman with a rare form of doctors has become the first woman in the uk to receive a new wedding .
a man jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in west london has been jailed .
inverness caledonian thistle came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish premiership .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for a vote on the uk 's air strikes against islamic state militants in syria .
scottish engineering firm jock has announced plans to create 250 new jobs in the north of scotland .
a judge in michigan has sentenced a man to life in prison for the murder of a man in a los angeles prison .
us president barack obama has paid tribute to former us president barack obama on his first visit to the united states .
the family of a british backpacker who fell from vietnam 's highest mountain in vietnam has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
ed joyce 's first game in charge of northants ended in a draw with sussex at hove .
the body of a man found dead at a house in bedfordshire has been named by police .
the leader of bahrain 's capital , sheikh ali bin , has called for the removal of the country 's main opposition leader , salman bin .
a primary school teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of misconduct .
the european union has called for the uk to stay in the european union after the uk voted to leave the eu .
harry potter and the cursed child has topped the uk box office in its first week of release .
theresa may has said she is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's departure from the european union .
the number of victims of child sex abuse in england and wales is being investigated by police .
a belfast man accused of terrorism offences has pleaded not guilty to charges of terrorism .
a pakistani woman has been arrested in pakistan after being deported from pakistan after being deported from pakistan .
hibernian midfielder callum burn has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
a man has pleaded guilty to assaulting a worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
warwickshire have appointed former captain dougie brown as their new head coach .
scotrail has been accused of failing to resolve a dispute over driver - only trains on the scotrail network .
bill gates , the founder of microsoft founder bill gates , has died at the age of 88 .
ukip leader nigel smith has said he wants to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in edinburgh .
a county durham doctor has said she is ` ` disgusted '' by the health and safety of a woman who has been in a coma .
the welsh liberal democrat leader has defended the welsh government 's decision to scrap the welsh economy .
the conservatives have clashed with the conservatives over the past year , according to figures obtained by bbc scotland .
it 's been a busy year for taylor swift .
it was once described as one of the most important sections of swansea 's history .
sheffield wednesday boss dean saunders says he has no concerns about the safety of the club 's fans .
volkswagen is the most expensive car company in europe , according to a new report .
mclaren boss zak brown has been confirmed as the new boss of mclaren .
scientists say they have discovered the most detailed map of the earth 's surface .
it 's been a year since the end of the season .
plans for a new railway line in the south of scotland have been given the go - ahead .
south africa 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is investigating allegations of allegations of sexual assault .
pupils at a birmingham school are being barred from entering the school because of a row over racism .
nationwide has reported a net profit of # quarter m for the three months to the end of june .
if you want to know what 's going to be the most successful egg in the uk ?
it 's been a year since the great british bake off .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest against bus action in london .
glamorgan have made two changes to the squad for the first half of the county championship season .
an independent review has found that a report into the general election was a ` ` joke '' , a report has found .
wolves came from behind to beat wolves and move five points clear at the top of the championship .
an investigation has been launched into the death of a man who was released from his home in cornwall .
gareth bale says wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against cyprus in cyprus was a ` ` massive '' occasion .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at two tata steel plants in the vale of glamorgan .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot dead in sydney .
a scottish university has become the first in the world to have a credit card stolen from the credit card .
a new camera has been unveiled to mark the 150th anniversary of scotland 's canals .
a county antrim man has been jailed for four years for drugs offences in londonderry .
the governor of the us republican , mitt romney , has accused the us republican party of being ` ` overwhelmingly '' and ` ` damaged '' .
mental health needs to help young people with mental health problems , according to a charity .
a man has pleaded guilty to hacking up a cyber attack on a computer website in surrey .
cardiff blues maintained their 100 % start to the european challenge cup with a comfortable win over newport gwent dragons .
a denbighshire council has been granted permission to sell a derelict derelict hospital in denbighshire .
the uk government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about plans to frack for shale gas in wales .
the cost of compensation for rail passengers in england and wales has risen for the third year in a row , according to the rail regulator .
rb leipzig moved three points clear at the top of the bundesliga with victory over hertha berlin .
it 's been a turbulent year for independence .
in the russian , russian , russian , family , elena , elena , guess and each .
chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea and move into the top of the premier league table .
the government is to introduce new measures to reduce the number of migrants being transferred to the uk , the government has said .
a former aide to the uk has been jailed for five years for defrauding the uk government .
an australian man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in sydney , australia .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored twice as manchester united came from behind to beat hull city at the kcom stadium .
south africa 's finance minister , pravin gordhan , has warned that the country 's budget will be worse than expected .
wakefield secured their first win of the super league season with a tries win over catalans dragons .
two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed at gunpoint in county antrim .
luton missed the chance to go top of league two as they played out a goalless draw at home to luton .
a statue of a statue has been pulled from a beach in the us state of new jersey .
a un investigation has been launched into the death of a muslim woman in myanmar 's restive rakhine state .
swansea city have appointed alan curtis as their new manager on a three - year deal .
tottenham hotspur have lost their legal battle over the death of a footballer who died after collapsing in the united states .
a motorist has been jailed for four years after he was caught driving in the back of a car .
the first minister has visited the battle of the somme to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
the mother of murdered teacher ann maguire has said she is ` ` devastated '' by the death of her teacher .
a royal marine charged with terrorism offences has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
us president donald trump has been sworn in as the new president of the united states .
one of the uk 's largest opencast energy projects has been given the go - ahead by the government .
the welsh assembly 's decision to leave the european parliament has been described as ` ` absolute '' by the welsh conservative leader .
greece 's decision to leave the european union .
hollywood actor angelina jolie has been criticised for his role in helping to stop the spread of africa 's elephants .
nye davies and leanne wood have won the welsh assembly election in wales .
former scotland international lee waters has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
league two side yeovil town have signed southampton midfielder gape gape on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in nottingham .
cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire and cheshire .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in brazil against the names of former president luiz inacio lula da silva .
britain 's chris froome retained his ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over chris eubank jr in london .
a student who was attacked by a gunman at a london nightclub was the victim of a deadly attack , the university of nottingham has said .
a judge in the us state of michigan has said that a woman in the us state of colorado has been charged with alcohol offences .
england women 's hockey team have been named in the great britain squad for next month 's women 's world cup .
middlesbrough head coach aitor karanka says his side need to stay at the top of the premier league despite their relegation from the premier league .
aston villa striker adama traore has signed a new five - year deal with the premier league club .
the secret service at the secret secret service in the us has been criticised by an independent review .
one of the world 's biggest fosun companies has been sold for $ luxury -lrb- # espirito -rrb- in the us .
a collection of photographs from the museum of liverpool has gone on display in liverpool .
australia made a winning start to their world twenty20 campaign with a innings victory over australia at the oval .
a judge in argentina has ordered the removal of the falkland islands of the falkland islands to the falkland islands .
when uruguay 's new law introduced a new law on legalising cannabis , cannabis is a new law .
two russian military personnel have been killed in a military air strike in syria , the russian military says .
a cancer charity has launched a fundraising appeal to raise funds for a cancer patient who was diagnosed with terminal cancer .
canadian prime minister stephen harper has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the availability of foreign homes in canada .
a four - year - old elephant has died after being hit by a elephant at a zoo in the southern indian state of assam .
tens of thousands of people have died in the indian state of uttar pradesh , officials say .
a man has been cleared of raping a teenage girl in a ` ` play '' attack , a court has heard .
a council has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of a call ferry in east sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an incident at a house in aberdeen .
lancashire batsman liam livingstone has been named in the england squad for the first test against south africa .
us president donald trump has told the bbc that he will not step down as president of the united states .
ireland fly - half johnny sexton has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
the leader of france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has said he will not vote for the uk to stay in the european union .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car in west london .
her howe was one of the most influential women in the world .
pop star taylor swift has been ordered to pay $ prevent -lrb- Â # cover -rrb- by us singer taylor swift over comments he made on social media .
pregnant women are less likely to be born with a diet , according to new research .
china 's national film agency -lrb- dome -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's handling of a new film about the chinese government .
the uk 's biggest housebuilder , the , has reported a sharp rise in profits in the uk following the brexit vote .
the isle of man is to receive a # 1 m grant from the isle of man for the first time in more than a year .
all pictures are copyrighted .
manchester united striker eric bailly has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a man has died after being hit by a car in county londonderry .
hundreds of people have been injured in a series of explosions in the southern indian city of steam .
twitter has launched a new feature of the social network 's twitter account .
a hospital trust has been cleared of causing the death of a patient at a hospital in lincolnshire .
a british man has been found guilty of the murder of a british soldier in iraq .
the german government has issued an order letter to the german government over the use of the nazi war in germany .
portsmouth midfielder sean o'brien has signed a new one - year deal with the league two club .
north korea says it has successfully carried out a missile test against north korea , after pyongyang test - fired a ballistic missile .
nigeria 's military says it has carried out a series of suspected boko haram militants in the north - eastern nigerian city of maiduguri .
a rare penguin has been born at a zoo in cumbria .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
one of the world 's most famous site , site , has been put up for sale .
two men have been found guilty of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in manchester .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
the us ambassador to the us , delhi , ms khobragade , has appeared in court in the united states after being accused of sexism .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham on the greek island of kos say they are desperate to find a missing toddler .
guinea international 27-year - old trabzonspor has been named as the new coach of guinea .
a football match in exeter has been closed because of a waterlogged pitch .
residents of a village in hertfordshire have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the collapse of a sinkhole .
the scottish conservatives have pledged to raise taxes on income tax in scotland if the party wins the general election .
scotland head coach tim visser says saturday 's world cup quarter - final against south africa is a ` ` massive game '' .
a new approach to combating violence in hospitals has been launched by the university of cardiff .
scientists have developed a new way to tackle the decline of fish in the sea .
if you want to know about the future of chocolate , it 's easy to think : uk thirlwell , one of the world 's most famous chocolate brands .
england captain alastair cook has been ruled out of the first test against south africa at lord 's .
the world 's most powerful alpine satellite , known as the alps , has been discovered in antarctica .
former england captain rio ferdinand has died at the age of 72 .
mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to travel to the republic of ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
a receiver shop in londonderry has gone into administration with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
business secretary sajid javid has defended the sale of private investment bank , the bank of england .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has urged his players to do more to avoid relegation from the premiership .
the conservative party in south wales has announced he will not stand for the next general election .
wales captain sam warburton says his side 's six nations win over england in saturday 's six nations match at twickenham is ` ` the biggest game in the world '' .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the russian grand prix .
scientists say they have found a way to treat a stroke in australia .
a hindu hindu hindu temple in the northern indian state of kerala has become the subject of a hindu hindu hindu hindu temple .
a county armagh man has admitted stealing # 100,000 from a private bank in county armagh .
hibernian head coach neil lennon says his side have a ` ` massive '' chance of reaching the scottish cup quarter - finals .
a protest has been held in the republic of ireland calling for an end to parading parading in north belfast .
airbus , the world 's biggest aircraft manufacturer , has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year .
the us department of justice -lrb- fbi -rrb- has accused russia of involvement in the hacking of its citizens ' email accounts .
nigeria 's former president goodluck jonathan has appeared in court on charges of corruption and money laundering .
the first leg of the solar impulse plane crash in the southern pacific ocean has been delayed .
sinn féin 's michelle seeley has said she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by sinn féin 's michelle seeley .
inverness caledonian thistle manager john hughes praised his side 's performance after their 1 - 1 draw with dundee at dens park .
wales captain gethin jenkins says he will not be surprised by his side 's six nations campaign against wales in cardiff on saturday .
one of scotland 's biggest arts organisations , equity restrictions , is to step down after five years in the job .
oil and gas services have been hit by a major oil leak at the north sea oil platform .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's failure to pay compensation for passengers in the uk should be delayed .
more than # 1 m has been seized in a series of raids in the east midlands .
newcastle city council has announced it will invest $ 1bn -lrb- Â # accord -rrb- to create a new pharmaceutical plant in newcastle .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west belfast .
welsh rugby union chairman gareth davies has defended the region 's decision to sign a new contract with the region .
the findings of an investigation into the chemical weapons attack on the syrian city of palmyra have been published .
cardiff city will take on portugal in their euro 2016 warm - up match in cardiff on saturday .
newport county have signed striker sean rigg from league two side newport county for an undisclosed fee .
when jeremy corbyn was elected leader of the labour party .
the scottish football club has confirmed it is investigating allegations of historical abuse at a scottish football club .
the nhs trust has apologised after sending letters sent to the wrong nhs trust were incorrectly sent to the wrong nhs .
the education system in wales is ` ` not good enough '' , the education minister has said .
bdo world champion scott mitchell says he has no regrets about becoming the first british player to win the bdo world championship .
pop star sam smith has said he was ` ` surprised '' by the release of sam smith 's new album , spectre .
a campaign has been launched to remove a mural at a primary school in edinburgh .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the changes to the scottish school .
thousands of children in england are being asked to visit their christmas day as part of a four - day christmas day .
australian tennis player lindahl lindahl has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of match - fixing offences .
england 's emma potter is set to miss out on a place at the 2018 winter olympics .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the government wants to tackle extremism .
essex director of cricket richard silverwood says his side will not be distracted by the end of the season .
an inquest into the death of a student who was crushed by a crowd has been described as ` ` yourself '' by a coroner .
wakefield trinity wildcats have appointed steve smith as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
facebook post instagram has been criticised for posting racist comments on facebook .
england reached the quarter - finals of the women 's rugby world cup with a comfortable win over australia .
a drone has crashed into a runway in cornwall , police have said .
the number of children at risk of mental health problems in northern ireland has more than doubled in the past year , a charity has said .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- could be the result of the vote to leave the european union .
newport county extended their unbeaten league two run to six games with a goalless draw at home to mansfield .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he wants to stay at st johnstone as the club 's new manager .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from a beach in bristol .
substitute charlie austin scored twice as southampton came from behind to beat southampton and move up to third in the premier league .
leicester tigers centre alex bower has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the increasing number of syrian refugees in the uk .
belfast giants missed the chance to go top of the elite league thanks to a went win over cardiff devils at the sse arena .
the scottish government has announced plans to open a new railway line in the borders .
liberal democrat leader tim farron has said he will not stand in the general election .
division two leaders essex had to settle for a draw on day two of the county championship division two game at canterbury .
scotland 's scott jamieson won the second round of the mandela championship with a one - shot victory at the seasons 33 .
ashya king 's parents are being treated in hospital after being diagnosed with cancer , the bbc has learned .
a man who admitted cannabis with a street value of # cannabis has been jailed for five years .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has called for the republican nomination to be the next president of the united states .
austria 's far - right presidential candidate christian kern has won the presidential election .
a man has died in a crash on the isle of wight .
league two side afc wimbledon have been promoted to the premier league for the first time in more than two years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the british and french governments .
mansfield 's winless run extended to six games as they were held to a draw by play - off chasing mansfield .
canada 's indigenous women 's commissioner is to set up a new inquiry into the killing of indigenous women in indigenous women .
the family of a man who died at the age of 57 have paid tribute to him .
chelsea 's fa cup quarter - final against chelsea at stamford bridge was postponed because of a frozen pitch .
the northern ireland executive has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the northern ireland executive .
marcus trescothick 's unbeaten century led somerset to a ambrose victory over warwickshire at the county ground .
british tour singer philip hammond has been ruled out of the tour of new york after being hit by a car .
cardiff blues fly - half gareth anscombe has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after falling from cliffs in snowdonia .
philip larkin is to be honoured in the queen 's birthday honours list .
england reached the quarter - finals of the women 's euro 2017 with a comfortable victory over belgium at wembley .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan is set to miss the world championship for the first time .
the number of armed forces in the armed forces has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , the army has said .
a british judge has ordered the extradition of a british couple accused of involvement in the rendition of so - called islamic state .
a huge earthquake in the northern indian city of kathmandu has killed at least 19 people , officials say .
monty python star john cleese has said he has ` ` no regrets '' with the show of a ` ` divorce '' tv show .
members of the national park have voted to go on strike in a row over pay .
a former nfl basketball player has been sentenced to life in prison in the us .
india 's pace bowler esteban ocon has signed a new contract with the manor club .
two men who died when their car crashed into a wall in birmingham have been named by police .
the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant at the fukushima nuclear plant in japan has been found at the site of the fukushima nuclear disaster .
a barking hotel in london has been bought by the national asset management agency -lrb- regeneration -rrb- .
the former head of the us diesel company , eric schmidt , has pleaded guilty to charges related to the diesel emissions scandal .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of a lincolnshire town .
a firm has been fined # 120,000 after a worker died after being hit by a worker at an industrial unit .
a scheme to prevent bovine tb in the west of england has been approved by the government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the maoists maoist rebels in the eastern indian state of chhattisgarh .
the queen has met the duke and duchess of cambridge for the first time in more than 70 years .
tv presenter jeremy vine has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a bbc radio presenter .
jonathan rea extended his lead at the top of the world superbike series with victory over world superbike champion jonathan rea .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the ancient city of palmyra , near the ancient city of palmyra .
a man has been found guilty of trying to smuggle stun guns into a house in dundee .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that the earth is at the centre of the earth 's history .
the government 's new tax system is to be replaced by the government 's new tax system , the chancellor has said .
england pace bowler katherine brunt has been named in the england squad for the women 's world twenty20 .
scotland head coach vern cotter has named his scotland squad for saturday 's world cup qualifier against japan .
preston north end have signed striker preston preston on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the mother of a seven - year - old boy who was sent to a school in england 's schools has said she is ` ` shocked '' by the government 's response to a pupil .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder james hurst on a one - year contract .
the chairman of a council in gloucestershire has said he is ` ` embarrassed '' by the government 's handling of meetings .
an animal welfare charity has launched an appeal against a ban on dog owners in devon and cornwall .
inflation in the uk 's inflation rate fell to 0 % in december , according to the office for national statistics .
a man has been rescued from the sea off aberdeen in the early hours of the morning .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his nine - year - old grandson has told a jury he was the victim of his death .
sir paul mccartney , sir mick jagger , sir mick jagger , sir mick jagger , sir mick jagger and sir mick jagger , sir mick jagger and sir mick jagger .
the number of dog walkers in scotland has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , according to new guidance .
house prices in northern ireland rose by 5 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
an inquest into the deaths of five men who died in the shoreham air disaster has been postponed until next year .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp described his side 's ` ` incredible '' start to the season as he returned to the top of the premier league .
a man has been arrested after a fire broke out at a station in manchester .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- will not be able to invest in the global economy .
hundreds of homes in north wales have been forced to leave their homes because of flooding caused by flooding .
a man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
two men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellery shop in blackpool .
us president - elect donald trump has called for china to be ` ` obsolete '' in the wake of china 's ties with china .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in peterhead .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man whose body was found in a flat in northampton .
the impacts of climate change in europe has reached a record high , according to a un report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most powerful figures in the world .
former manchester united boss ole gunnar solskjaer is one of the most talented players in the world .
england fast bowler ed warner has been banned from all forms of cricket for the first time .
the scottish government has announced plans to build a new hotel in edinburgh .
the democratic republic of congo is one of the most tightly contested elections in the country 's history .
former australian prime minister tony abbott has died at the age of 83 .
ospreys flanker sam hain has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
tom tom , the founder of the national living wage -lrb- nlw -rrb- , says he is worried about the impact of the national living wage .
kyren wilson became the first british player to reach the world championship quarter - finals with a 24-year - old victory over kyren wilson in sheffield .
the speaker of brazil 's lower house of congress , eduardo cunha , has been arrested in the capital , eduardo cunha .
aston villa have signed striker jonathan kodjia from aston villa for an undisclosed fee .
exeter chiefs have signed hooker white white on a two - year deal from premiership side exeter chiefs .
disney 's live - action remake of disney 's frozen film is set to close to the top of the us box office .
strictly come dancing host michael o'donnell has said he was ` ` scared '' to be reunited with his wife , who has died at the age of 90 .
wrexham extended their lead at the top of the national league with a comfortable win over wrexham .
south africa 's president colin jackson has told the bbc that the country 's membership of the continent is ` ` contributed '' .
catalans dragons maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a narrow victory over st helens .
the mother of moors murder victim keith bennett has called for an investigation into the disappearance of moors murderer ian brady .
one of the world 's most famous landmarks , the riba , has been unveiled in liverpool .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off in the united states .
a paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the london marathon .
a film about one of britain 's most famous cinemas is to go on show at the international film festival .
more than half of women in the uk are using smartphone apps to ensure they are users , according to the royal college of obstetricians .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key events in the democratic republic of congo .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the country 's most famous brands .
england all - rounder jake ball has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has urged the liberal democrats to ` ` take control '' over the next five years .
two men have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of pembrokeshire .
the remains of a woman whose remains were found at a house in fife have been named by police .
huddersfield missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a draw by leeds .
league two side notts county have announced the appointment of former notts county boss paul fletcher as their new chief executive .
the boss of housebuilder redrow has told the bbc he is ` ` very confident '' about the impact of the housing crisis .
the us says it has carried out a series of attacks on us computer networks in the us .
nigeria international 27-year - old belhanda has joined french ligue 1 side bastia for an undisclosed fee .
in the wake of the government 's decision to buy the uk 's housing laws , it has been a tough year for the government .
the family of a six - year - old boy who died after being struck by a car have won a legal challenge to the high court .
liam marr has said he was ` ` surprised '' to be reunited with the british band , saying he is ` ` very happy '' .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
us actor james barris has sold for $ italy -lrb- # 1965 -rrb- for the first time in more than a decade .
the family of a british airways pilot who is due to be deported from the uk have refused to leave the home office .
former world number one andy murray says there is ` ` no reason '' andy murray is the most successful player in tennis history .
great britain 's jack ma won olympic gold in the men 's doubles final at the rio olympics .
kenyan 400 m runner rita jeptoo has been banned for three years after testing positive for doping .
league one side rochdale have signed everton midfielder george browning on loan until the end of the season .
north korea says it has carried out a missile attack on its nuclear power plant in north korea .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the killing of a british man in the capital , jamal , police say .
one of the world 's largest dutch paint , akzo nobel , has rejected a takeover offer from rival ppg owner ppg .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in bradford .
the premier league is one of the most famous players in the premier league .
one of the world 's biggest cash cash , cash , has been sold for $ had -lrb- # developing -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for the ` ` savage '' killing of a british man in the 1990s .
steam , the developer behind the steam video game between steam and the steam , is to launch its doors for the first time .
a fire at a house in west lothian is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
the consortium behind the takeover of nottingham forest 's takeover of the club has been sold .
carrick rangers have been drawn to the top of the irish premiership for the first time this season .
indonesian police have shot dead two women in the indonesian province of aceh , officials say .
a world war two bomb has been found on a beach in gwynedd .
a former soldier has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a former soldier in londonderry .
bbc director general tony hall has announced plans to set up a shake - up of the bbc 's cultural service .
chris eubank jr says he has ` ` no regrets '' with his father , nick blackwell , who has died at the age of 74 .
the former leader of the scottish conservatives , ruth davidson , has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be reunited with his owners .
league one side doncaster rovers have signed former crusaders defender 33-year - old mcchrystal on a two - year deal .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully launched its first major space mission .
cardiff city moved up to second in the championship with a hard - fought win over cardiff city .
a scuba diver has died after being pulled from a fishing boat off the north coast of australia .
french president nicolas sarkozy has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the arrest of french president nicolas sarkozy over his involvement in the paris attacks .
manu tuilagi has been named in the england squad to face england in the tour of new zealand this summer .
police investigating the murder of a man in norfolk have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to .
plans for a # 500 m upgrade of the thames estuary have been backed by the government .
the uk anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by british cycling 's governing body over accusations of wrongdoing .
the family of a five - year - old boy who died after being diagnosed with a brain tumour have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
south korean students in south korea have apologised for tests over a test error that led to the death of a student .
an investigation has been launched after a man 's body was pulled from the river tay in perthshire .
a man has admitted raping and sexually assaulting two women at an oxford hospital .
nico rosberg said he was ` ` embarrassed '' by formula 1 's final practice session at the bahrain grand prix .
saudi arabia 's chief prosecutor has criticised saudi arabia 's chief prosecutor , sheikh sheikh obeikan , to step down .
edf energy has announced a rise in energy prices for the three months to the end of march .
the number of colleges in northern ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 .
plans for a multimillion - pound power station in the centre of southampton have been unveiled .
shadow chancellor ed balls has defended the government 's decision to scrap tax avoidance in england and wales .
a man who killed his estranged wife in a ` ` brutal and brutal attack '' has been jailed for life .
63-year - old praying has become the first buddhist attraction in taiwan to become the first country in the world to do so .
shrewsbury town have signed defender adam el - abd on a season - long loan from league one side shrewsbury town .
it 's been a year since the general election campaign gets under way in the autumn statement .
a car driver who died in a car crash in county down was the victim of a car crash , an inquest heard .
a british soldier who was killed in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
fox news has confirmed that fox news will be the next chief executive of fox news .
baroness campbell has been appointed as the new head coach of the women 's fa cup .
thousands of people have been taking part in a parade in the south yorkshire town of competitors .
former nhs secretary david summers has called on the nhs to work with the nhs in england .
the nhs in england is to become the first in the uk to introduce a new drugs system for the nhs .
russia 's foreign minister has asked the us to stay in the airport for fugitive fugitive fugitive edward snowden , his lawyer says .
two men have been arrested in connection with an armed raid at a house in aberdeenshire .
national league side macclesfield town have signed defender kettings kettings on a two - year deal after his release by crystal palace .
a french petition calling for a ban on burkinis in a bid to ban a ban on burkinis in france has been launched .
shares in mining giant glencore have fallen sharply after the us federal reserve said it would raise $ 5.1 bn -lrb- Â # unviable bn -rrb- in the first half of the year .
spaniards have won the first round of municipal elections in spain 's general election .
the indian cricketers ' association -lrb- bcci -rrb- has pulled out of the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
india beat india by eight wickets to win the women 's world cup for the first time .
wales scrum - half rhys webb says he is looking forward to returning to wales for the rest of the season .
a trial in the trial of a drug testing trial in the trial of a drug testing trial has been launched .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited the duke of cambridge for the first time .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the uk voted to leave the european union .
more than a third of babies in the uk are more likely to have a baby , a study suggests .
england women 's coach mark sampson has been cleared by the football association for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
parks and parks in england are being squeezed out of parks and parks , a committee of mps has said .
the scottish government has announced the creation of a # 1bn wind farm in the north sea .
a group of ukip am has written to the party 's ruling calling for a boycott of the party 's leadership contest .
thousands of people have gathered in londonderry to mark the 50th anniversary of the battle of thrones .
crystal palace came from behind to beat crystal palace at selhurst park to reach the second round of the fa cup .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa captain remi cowans as their new manager .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of labour mp jo cox .
the snp 's first minister , nicola sturgeon , has told the bbc that she will not be able to hold a second independence referendum .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former cardiff city defender ben davies on a two - year deal .
the number of dog offences in england and wales has risen to its lowest level since the end of the year , the charity has said .
exeter maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a bonus - point win over exeter .
hundreds of people have taken part in a petition calling for the closure of the welsh assembly .
david cameron has told the bbc that the uk 's eu renegotiations on eu citizens living in the european union would be ` ` act '' .
the number of exam results in england 's secondary schools has risen by 5 % over the past five years , according to exam results .
voters in eastern ukraine have been reacting to what they describe as the ` ` print '' of the country .
a baby born with a rare genetic condition has been diagnosed with a rare genetic condition .
thousands of people have turned out for the first time in the new year 's eve of the greek capital , lima .
at least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the somali capital mogadishu , officials say .
notts county have signed newcastle united midfielder reece atkinson on loan until the end of the season .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused israel of trying to use a plane on a flight to israel .
the number of cases of child sex offences in england and wales is being investigated by police .
the world 's biggest technology firm , hewlett - packard , has announced plans to cut the number of its workforce in the us .
lewis hamilton says he will not be distracted by the lack of driver lewis hamilton for the monaco grand prix .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the japanese grand prix .
the world 's first stem cell transplant has become the first in the world to be fitted with a stem cell transplant .
a pair of polar bears have arrived in scotland for the first time in more than two years .
cardiff city boss russell slade says he would be ` ` proud '' to win promotion to the premier league .
spain 's garcia garcia won olympic gold in the women 's doubles final at the rio olympics .
hull kr came from behind to beat hull kr and reach the challenge cup quarter - finals .
hampshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a four - wicket win over hampshire at taunton .
an inquest into the deaths of two infants at a house in newport was accidental , an inquest has heard .
russia has accused russia of trying to destabilise the baltic sea in the baltic sea .
australia 's prime minister , malcolm turnbull , has said he will not stand in the australian parliament next year .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his team 's defensive performance after his side 's 2 - 1 win over liverpool .
the head of the international refugee crisis -lrb- fletcher -rrb- has warned that the migrant crisis in northern syria is ` ` shameful '' .
sinn féin 's gerry adams has said she will not face charges over the murder of jean mcconville .
the number of homeless people sleeping rough in england and wales has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , official figures show .
hundreds of people have taken part in a ` ` massive '' flood alleviation scheme on the norfolk coast .
two men have been charged with the manslaughter of a five - year - old boy who died after being hit by a car .
millwall extended their unbeaten league run to seven games with victory over league one strugglers shrewsbury .
president donald trump 's new dogs chief has been sworn in for the first time in more than two years .
sunderland have appointed sam allardyce as their new manager .
cardiff city missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a draw by brentford .
a man has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester .
leicester tigers director of rugby jim murphy says his side are capable of winning their first premiership title of the season .
royal mail has announced it is to close its headquarters in birmingham .
the company that operates the uk 's busiest flight has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of the traffic traffic system .
the reviews of the latest james bond film have been hailed as ` ` a story '' by the film critics ' circle film .
the man who led the inquiry into the death of alexander litvinenko has told the bbc he is ` ` very sorry '' that he was killed .
a woman has died after being struck by a car in lincolnshire .
russian opposition leader mikhail kasyanov has accused russian opposition leader mikhail kasyanov of threatening to kill russian president vladimir putin .
a taxi driver has said she was left ` ` terrified '' by a taxi driver after she was refused a taxi .
an inquiry has been launched into allegations of historical child abuse at kincora boys ' home in northern ireland .
charlton athletic have appointed charlton athletic boss jose riga as their new head coach .
a police investigation into allegations of historical sex offences in england and wales has been dropped .
one of south africa 's biggest private companies , hemphill group , has announced it is cutting its stake in south africa .
the football association has issued disciplinary proceedings against the football association and england 's football association over alleged racist chanting during saturday 's 3 - 0 defeat by serbia .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is ` ` very confident '' about his future as manager at anfield .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has been accused of being ` ` websites '' by the competition competition competition -lrb- cma -rrb- .
the world 's oldest body has been put on hold for the first time in more than 100 years .
a petition calling for a ban on the sale of cardiff airport is to be held in cardiff .
one of australia 's most famous mining sites has been fined $ om -lrb- Â # site -rrb- after being found guilty of negligence .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most famous children .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
mental health services in wales are to be given more time to attend the first day of the welsh government .
plans for a new housing development in norwich have been approved by the council .
the bbc has defended its decision to scrap the bbc 's coverage of the bbc in the wake of the bbc 's handling of the bbc .
writing vine , who has died at the age of 74 , was one of the most promising friends in the world .
a new zealand couple have married in new zealand for the first time in more than a century .
barrow came from behind to beat 10-man barrow in the fa cup first round .
it 's been a year since president donald trump took office in new york on tuesday .
an investigation has been launched after a seven - year - old boy was threatened with a knife at a school in dumfries .
australian rugby league -lrb- nrl -rrb- has launched an investigation into allegations of match - fixing in australia .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- loughborough -rrb- will take over the running of the women 's super league .
a silicon valley entrepreneur who was accused of sexually assaulting women in silicon valley has been accused of sexism and sexual harassment .
hampshire 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by lancashire .
an oxford university student has been honoured with a graduation ceremony at oxford university .
commonwealth games silver medallist brace brace has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
england wicketkeeper jos buttler has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league club .
celtic maintained their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable win over celtic in the scottish premiership .
world number one mark selby says he is happy to win the world championship for the first time since 2007 .
booker prize - winning author words fielding has been named the winner of this year 's author of the year award .
a former mayor of hull has appeared in court charged with possessing indecent images of children .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the devastating earthquake in nepal .
the irish premiership 's top two football league has been suspended pending a disciplinary hearing .
england manager gareth southgate says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the england players ' squad for the euro 2016 quarter - final against england .
a world war two survived has been unearthed in gwynedd .
prince harry has become the first british man to win the prince of wales .
the death of a six - year - old boy who was shot in the head by a police officer is being investigated by police .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has told the bbc that the country 's president rodrigo duterte should be killed .
belfast giants have signed canadian defenceman dustin johner on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
an investigation has begun into the closure of a denbighshire leisure centre .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a royal victoria hospital in west belfast .
chris evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of channel 4 .
breastfeeding is the best place in the world to breastfeed , according to a study by the world health organization .
world number one novak djokovic beat defending champion serena williams to reach the quarter - finals of the us open .
hampshire 's james payne took a career - best petersen to help his side beat hampshire on day one of the county championship division one match .
a former child sex offender has admitted raping and sexually assaulting two teenage girls .
great britain 's men 's 4x400 m relay team will not be able to compete at next month 's olympic games in rio .
a man has been charged with the kidnap and murder of a woman who was attacked by a police officer .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in the republic of ireland .
australia captain michael smith has been named as the new captain of the england and wales cricket board .
london mayor boris johnson has said he will not stand in the party 's new runway in the wake of the brexit vote .
59-year - old 59-year - old has been appointed as the new manager of the premier league club .
the father of a boy who died after taking legal on a school trip to the isle of wight has launched a legal challenge to the high court .
an animal rights group has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a group of people who want to go to the seaside resort of skegness are to go on show .
hundreds of people have taken part in a campaign to raise money for families affected by the conflict in scotland .
the king of saudi arabia 's king salman bin , king abdullah bin , has been named as the new king of the royal security agency .
a court in the vietnam has ruled that a nobel peace prize has been rejected by the country 's highest court .
a council has rejected plans for a landowner wind farm in lincolnshire .
all images are copyrighted .
tv and tv programmes in the uk have fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a report .
offenders in england and wales have been given more time to stop reoffending and re - offending , a report has found .
south africa were knocked out of the first test against south africa on day one of the first test against south africa in cape town .
an investigation into the cause of a major fire at a birmingham hospital is being investigated by the health regulator .
world number one novak djokovic beat defending champion novak djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi - finals of the shanghai masters .
a tribute to comedian frank sidebottom , who has died at the age of 77 , has died at the age of 96 .
derby county manager darren bent says his side 's poor start to the season came to an end on saturday .
colin farquhar has been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash on the isle of man tt races .
a man accused of the manslaughter of a woman who died after being struck by a car has been cleared of manslaughter .
northern ireland 's department of environment -lrb- dard -rrb- has written to funding funding for northern ireland 's environmental funding fund .
the government has been accused of ` ` dithering '' over the government 's plan to buy new homes in england .
scotland 's brexit secretary has called for the uk to leave the european union .
newport county 's league two survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by yeovil .
championship side aston villa have signed aston villa defender midfield suliman on loan until the end of the season .
women 's super league one club bristol city ladies have signed former sunderland goalkeeper sharon laws .
castleford ran in seven tries as they beat wakefield to move up to third in super league .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in southampton .
the palestinian authority in the palestinian capital , hamas , has ordered the closure of the main opposition leader , fatah fatah .
the family of a five - year - old boy who died after being diagnosed with a brain tumour say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in aberdeen have paid tribute to him .
celtic returned to the top of the scottish premiership with a hard - fought win over inverness caledonian thistle .
mohamed elneny , mohamed salah and mohamed roma have been included in nigeria 's squad for the africa cup of nations .
a water company has apologised after a water leak was found in a water in the us state of oregon .
world champion valentino rossi has become the first british rider to win the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix .
gloucester director of rugby mark hughes has criticised the club 's decision to stay away from the premiership club .
the isle of wight 's council has been criticised for failing to control its vehicles on the isle of wight .
chinese authorities have carried out an explosion at a chemical processing plant in tianjin , in the chinese city of tianjin .
sir winston churchill has died at the age of 94 .
one of scotland 's most famous whisky distilleries has been sold at auction for # cargo .
portugal has become the first country in europe to become the first country in europe to become the first country in europe .
a # 1 m plan to save a suffolk town centre is to be cut , the county council has said .
bolton wanderers have signed bolton wanderers defender bolton rachubka on loan until the end of the season .
teachers ' union leaders have called for an end to teachers ' pay for teacher teachers .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering surjit singh chhokar in overtown , north lanarkshire .
italy head coach vern cotter says his side will not be ` ` wanting '' in their six nations opener against italy on saturday .
plans for a new park - and - ride centre in oxford have been approved by the city council .
the body of a man whose body was found in a woods in north lanarkshire has been named by police .
a judge in the us state of arizona has refused to dismiss a verdict in the case of a man accused of murdering a woman in the us state of arizona .
sir vince cable has said there is ` ` no doubt '' the uk government is considering whether to sell the uk 's steel industry .
the scottish government has called on the scottish government to do more to tackle climate change .
more than a third of the world 's most popular web users have been targeted by hackers , a study suggests .
one of the world 's most famous poker stars , 29 o'donnell , has died at the age of 74 .
the number of gps in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures show .
a taxi driver who was convicted of raping a taxi driver has been banned from the council .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he has a ` ` red card '' in his side 's goalless draw with everton .
rangers manager mark warburton says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to sign a new manager on a permanent basis .
a man has been found dead at a beach in south yorkshire .
a new image of the remains of a reconstructed man has been discovered in the river clyde in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers burundi 's presidential election .
ireland centre jonathan sexton has been named in the ireland squad for the six nations match against france in dublin on saturday .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to close a grade ii - listed library in west yorkshire .
a church of england vicar has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a church of england vicar has been forced to close to the church .
bayer leverkusen boss eric schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of improper conduct .
one of the world 's most highly developed fatty societies has been discovered in china .
a former police officer has been jailed for 10 years for downloading indecent images of children .
an israeli man has been shot dead by police in tel aviv in the occupied west bank , officials say .
one of the uk 's largest private companies has agreed a deal to sell the private sector in the county .
thousands of people have been stranded in northern ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade to mark the 30th anniversary of the summer revellers music festival .
a palestinian man has been killed in a shootout at a bus station in southern israel , officials say .
two men have been found guilty of conspiring to pervert the hatton garden jewellery raid .
one of the world 's largest founded magicseaweed , co - founder , has been bought by a us company for $ people -lrb- # destination -rrb- .
match reports from saturday 's scottish premiership and championship games .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group is to be banned from entering the uk , the government has announced .
the british horseracing authority -lrb- bha -rrb- has announced plans to close its turner calendar in the british grand prix .
a baby girl has become the first person to be flown to aberdeen for the first time in more than two decades .
cornish pirates prop alex cheesman has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
manchester united striker alvaro morata has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup with a knee injury .
a double - decker bus has been destroyed in a fire in central london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in brighton .
all pictures are copyrighted .
the department of foreign affairs -lrb- dfe -rrb- has announced it is to launch a scheme to help irish people living in the republic of ireland .
the former head of the university of kyaw , dr edward kyi , has been found guilty of stealing fake fake degrees .
the owner of messaging app snapchat has been fined $ video -lrb- # views -rrb- by the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the eu referendum campaign .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of san francisco to protest against the government 's crackdown on anti - government protests .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in south lanarkshire .
the uk 's top law officer has said the uk will not be ` ` cowed '' in the wake of the uk 's brexit vote .
jessica ennis - hill has been awarded a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the football association of england -lrb- perfect -rrb- head coach kelly chambers has been named as the new manager of the football association .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's relationship with the eu .
a mumbai shopkeeper who was attacked by a masked man in mumbai 's capital delhi has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
sale sharks winger denny solomona has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a bus driver has died in a crash on the m1 in north yorkshire .
23-year - old cisse has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
a man has admitted causing the death of a teenager in a crash in leeds .
an inquest has been launched into the death of a woman who was found dead at a house in somerset .
league one side swindon town have signed defender ben sanderson on a two - year deal following his release by blackpool .
a wind turbine has been caught on camera in dumfries and galloway .
the scottish justice secretary michael matheson has been appointed as the new leader of the scottish labour party .
aberdeen defender ryan mclaughlin has joined aberdeen on loan until the end of the season .
world champion eddie hearn will defend his ibf world title at the sse arena in belfast on saturday .
a 12-year - old girl in the us state of chihuahua has become the first in the country to go to the public .
democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- mla edwin poots has said he does not believe northern ireland 's political institutions are not in northern ireland .
great britain 's james dasaolu produced a superb performance to win the men 's 100 m breaststroke at the european championships in london .
britain 's liam smith won the wbo world middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over briton smith in london .
the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north belfast has been released by police .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness has said he will not seek re - election in the assembly election .
the nhs in england is facing an average of # already in the last financial year , figures obtained by the bbc reveal .
a memorial to the victims of the grenfell tower fire has been given the go - ahead by the government .
a man has died after being hit by a car in staffordshire .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced its first spacecraft satellite .
cymru yn yn yn fyw fyw fyw fyw fyw yn yn cymru cymru cymru cymru cymru cymru .
formula 1 bosses have confirmed that the formula 1 team will not be able to use the 2017 formula 1 season .
british number two dan evans was knocked out of the citi open in the first round of the australian open .
poundland , the world 's biggest supermarket chain , is one of the world 's biggest supermarket chains .
the us says it will send more than $ 1bn -lrb- Â # destroyed -rrb- to help combat the conflict in syria .
a man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in north lanarkshire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers university tuition fees in the uk .
saudi arabia says it has found a detained drug used by saudi arabia to saudi arabia .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have paid tribute to the victims of the sinking of the royal navy .
great britain 's women 's team have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the success of the winter olympics .
britain 's chris froome won the first stage of the tour de yorkshire as britain 's chris froome retained the overall lead .
a west yorkshire school has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years .
surrey fast bowler tremlett tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket .
a woman who died in a fire at a recycling plant in cheshire has been named by police .
bank of england governor mark carney has told the bbc that the financial crisis is needed to protect banks and banks .
a video game has taken place in mexico for the first time in more than 30 years .
tranmere rovers midfielder ben chilwell has signed a new one - year deal with the league one club .
a remote island of st kilda has been named as one of the most remote slope in the world .
enninful enninful has been appointed as the new chief executive of british fashion firm edward .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has died at the age of 83 .
australian prime minister tony abbott has called for an end to the migrant crisis in the country .
the ministry of defence has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' that the uk 's first aircraft carrier has been buried in the uk .
former us secretary of state hillary clinton has called on president barack obama to step down as president of the united states .
warwickshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a pretty win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
police are investigating the disappearance of a car driver whose car was found in a car in hertfordshire .
former french president nicolas sarkozy has been sworn in as the new president of the french parliament .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the number of customers switching their customers .
scientists say they have found the most accurate supernova ever detected in the universe .
scottish borders council has announced plans to create more new homes in scotland .
south sudan 's government says it has reached a deal with rebel forces in the south sudanese town of bor .
the widow of a woman who died at the royal cornwall hospital has said she is ` ` very sorry '' by the health secretary .
league one side stranraer have appointed ayr united boss jim reid as their new manager on a three - year deal .
a car bomb has exploded in the turkish capital , ankara , killing at least 12 people , officials say .
on the eve of the first day of the 2012 world cup in india , there was a lot of respect .
scotland made it two wins from two in the world cup with a springboks victory over south africa in cape town .
real madrid forward alexis sanchez has signed a new one - year contract with the la liga club .
iceland has become the first country in the world to introduce a new gender equality bill .
a care home which has been rated inadequate by inspectors has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in south london .
the family of a british man who went missing after a night out in india have paid tribute to him .
a man has been jailed for three years after being convicted of a string of sex attacks in manchester .
torquay united chief executive kevin nicholson says he will not be able to buy the national league club .
rangers came from behind to beat rangers and reach the scottish cup semi - finals .
great britain 's liam williams has retired from training at the age of 28 .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to smuggle drugs worth more than # 1 m .
england all - rounder ben stokes says he is ` ` in the dressing room '' after being named in the england squad for the world twenty20 .
former england captain danny pearce has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a number of people have been taken to the streets of londonderry in the early hours of saturday .
wales wing hallam amos has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
india 's ravindra jadeja and india 's ravindra jadeja have been fined by india 's ravindra jadeja for the first time .
a man who filmed himself abusing a young boy in falkirk has been jailed for six years .
a man who was convicted of raping a vulnerable man in belfast has been jailed for life .
the scottish government has called on the scottish government to do more to investigate the scottish government 's handling of spying in scotland .
paula greene has been named as the new chief executive of the royal mail .
plans to frack for shale gas drilling in nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council .
an inquest into the death of a artist at a house in east yorkshire has heard he was the victim of a ` ` smoked '' , an inquest has heard .
the family of a missing student who went missing in edinburgh have appealed for help to trace him .
a plan to build a new nuclear power plant in norfolk has been approved by the government .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for an end to the new york times .
the number of people living in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to the welsh government .
the publisher of the gap between james bond and pharrell williams has said it is ` ` outrageous '' that the gap of the gap over the gap of the gap between the beatles and the machine has been published .
shadow education secretary tristram hunt has called for an end to the government 's plans to overhaul the education system .
the cost of ferry sailings between guernsey and guernsey has risen to its lowest level in more than two years .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the world twenty20 semi - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by zimbabwe in their opening game of the icc women 's world twenty20 .
the results of the results of the latest gcse results suggest the results of the results of the latest gcse results have been published .
a football club has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the football association 's decision to allow a football club to train on a new stadium .
hundreds of children have been forced to leave their homes in devon , the bbc has learned .
mae un o ' r blaid lafur yn dweud bod rhai o siaradwyr cymraeg o ' r rhai o siaradwyr cymraeg .
you ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west london accent .
peterborough united manager graham westley has resigned as manager at the end of the season .
peterborough united midfielder grant mccann has been ruled out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
plans for a new art centre in staffordshire have been approved by councillors .
nottingham forest manager mark warburton says he has no problem with manager mark warburton after the club 's poor start to the season .
great britain 's jessica ennis - hill won olympic gold in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the world championships in london .
us aircraft maker boeing has reported a 20 % fall in annual profits to $ helicopter bn -lrb- # slip bn -rrb- for the three months to december .
a plane has crashed at edinburgh airport after being hit by a plane at edinburgh airport .
more than a third of secondary schools in england are failing to get their gcse results , according to official figures .
the church of wales is one of the most effective women in wales .
scientists say they have discovered a new species of monkeys .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the government 's handling of the expenses scandal .
the driver of a cyclist who was killed in a crash on the m40 in oxfordshire has said she will not be distracted by the speed limit .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in until , county antrim .
russian president vladimir putin has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about russia 's relationship with russia .
scotland 's catriona matthew is through to the second round of the evian championship at royal troon .
scotland 's political leaders have been reacting to the aftermath of the glasgow bombing .
soft drinks firm ag barr has announced plans to cut sugar sugar in the uk .
jake ball is to be honoured with a lifetime achievement award at this year 's olivier awards .
gatwick airport has reported a new runway at gatwick airport , with a new runway at gatwick airport .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found in a flat in leeds .
the owner of a victorian art gallery in his home town of cheltenham has said he is ` ` gutted '' by his father 's generosity .
league two side luton town have signed striker billy knott on a season - long loan from league two side luton town .
the duke of york has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the whereabouts of the duke and duchess of cambridge , the bbc has learned .
world number one serena williams says she has a ` ` big motivation '' to compete at the world championships in london .
lego , the danish artist who owns lego for lego , has been criticised by chinese artist lego .
an inquiry into the deaths of two elderly people in south wales has been launched by the home office .
chris stevens 's maiden first - class century led essex to a unflappable victory over essex at chelmsford .
the head of the uk 's biggest supermarkets , nurseries , has called on the uk government to help tackle the growing number of uk plants .
two british athletes have been charged with doping at the rio olympics .
the new trailer for james bond , the new james bond film , has been released .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the next generation of people .
rangers football club has announced a # 700 m takeover of the club 's stake in the club .
plans to build a life - size bronze sculpture on the site of a former brewery in wrexham have been approved .
the owners of a green farm in gloucestershire have been given the green light to be given the green light .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the discovery of a body found in the republic of ireland .
hibernian missed the chance to go top of the scottish championship as they were held to a goalless draw by 10-man hibernian .
police in cardiff are set to be given extra powers to try to stop the champions league final in cardiff .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest at leicester city 's fa cup game at the weekend .
burton albion have offered a deal to sign burton albion goalkeeper paul mclaughlin on a short - term deal .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who died when a group of men died in an east sussex beach has been described as a ` ` gustavo '' .
the office of national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' for the uk economy , according to the office for national statistics .
plans for a # 3.5 m adventure centre in gwynedd have been given the go - ahead .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a car crash .
a large unexploded world war two beach has been found on a beach in west sussex .
glasgow warriors head coach andy murray says his side can beat glasgow warriors at the top of the pro12 table .
cameroon 's outcome error has been fined by the cameroon football federation -lrb- aboubakar -rrb- for failing to control their players in the confederations cup final .
england 's justin rose carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
england head coach eddie jones praised his side 's ` ` incredible '' performance in australia as they beat australia in the first test in melbourne .
a us judge has ordered an investigation into the death of a us man who was shot dead in the us state of pennsylvania .
a hospital trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
councils in england are being urged to apply for a new school places in england .
defence secretary sir michael fallon has said he is ` ` confident '' about the future of raf air strikes in the uk .
hundreds of jobs are at risk at a knitwear factory in north lanarkshire , it has been confirmed .
more than a third of adults in the uk are more likely to have fewer children in the uk , a study suggests .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who died after being hit by a lorry in belfast .
one of scotland 's most famous sheep , her majesty , has been put up for sale .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has warned that the uk 's carbon system will be hit by a fall in the price of carbon dioxide .
oil prices have risen by more than 5 % in the first three months of the year , as oil prices continued to fall .
a man who died in a plane crash in county fermanagh on friday has been named by police .
plans to build a secondary school in guernsey have been rejected by the department for education .
a peregrine falcon has been found dead at a beauty spot in gwynedd .
record - breaking us swimmers michael phelps and michael phelps won gold medals at the european swimming championships in los angeles .
a group of doctors in south london have raised concerns about the health of the nhs in england .
venezuela is one of the world 's most powerful countries .
tottenham manager antonio conte says the club 's decision to leave the premier league is ` ` a disaster '' .
northern ireland 's paralympic champion jason smyth missed out on a place in the 400 m hurdles final at the world championships .
two women have been robbed in a robbery at a house in west belfast .
plans for a new park park in bournemouth have been given the go ahead .
the family of a british man who went missing after a night out in australia say they are worried about the dangers of his life .
plans for a housing development in dunblane have been rejected by councillors .
jordan spieth took a one - shot lead into the final round of the dustin championship at royal troon .
nasa drag has topped the uk album chart for the first time in more than two years .
northern ireland is the world 's biggest mortgage lender , according to the bank of england .
david cameron has called on the uk government to ratify the uk 's exit from the european union .
mark cooper has signed a new one - year contract with national league side gateshead .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has signed a new deal to stay with the club until the end of the season .
scientists say they have found a way to measure the spread of the flu virus .
more than a third of people in london have been diagnosed with sexual exploitation , according to new figures .
voting has begun in tanzania 's presidential election , the electoral commission says .
it 's been a turbulent year for england 's cricket team .
the uk supreme court has rejected an appeal by the supreme court to overturn the case of two men jailed for the murders of two british men .
the drilling rig transocean winner has been towed into the sea after being hit by a cargo ship .
a scottish town has won the scottish design for the first time in its history .
london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has warned of a rise in anti - social behaviour in london .
germany is the world 's most popular medium , according to a new report .
the international trade union -lrb- gave -rrb- has signed a deal with the international trade union -lrb- wto -rrb- .
relatives of the victims of the sewol ferry disaster in south korea have arrived in south korea .
hundreds of jobs could be lost in wales in a bid to cut costs , the welsh government has said .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off .
iran has become the first country in the world to have access to the messaging service .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was shot dead in a bar in west london .
the us justice department has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' by the us government 's report into the death of inmates at a us prison .
online retailer amazon has reported a rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain in the uk .
one of the uk 's first try it has arrived in the uk for the first time in more than 100 years .
a grade ii - listed castle has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
the prime minister has announced that the uk will leave the european union in the wake of the uk 's withdrawal from the eu .
anthony joshua 's fight against anthony joshua at london 's o2 arena is a ` ` fight '' , says wbc heavyweight champion tony bellew .
the leader of the irish city of culture -lrb- economic -rrb- has announced it is to host the city 's cultural festival .
hearts have signed kilmarnock striker conor sammon on loan until the end of the season .
the bbc 's series of the bbc 's series of the bbc 's series of the bbc 's series of the bbc 's children 's tv show , bbc radio 5 live and bbc radio 5 live show .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 25th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
manchester united are close to agreeing a deal to sign real madrid forward announcement de gea , reports bbc radio manchester .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , davies davies , has been named as the new head of the city 's football league -lrb- davies -rrb- .
manchester city will face manchester city in the champions league semi - finals .
eurovision song contest eurovision song contest has been named as eurovision song contest for the eurovision song contest .
st mirren came from behind to beat st mirren in the scottish championship .
labour leadership contender andy burnham has claimed victory in the race for the leadership of the leadership contest .
one of the world 's most famous buildings is to be turned into a museum in leicester .
it 's one of the world 's most famous stars .
an orphaned baby girl has been born at a highland wildlife park .
the mother of singer lily allen has said she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' after being found guilty of stalking and abusive behaviour .
a row has broken out over northampton 's # northampton sale of northampton 's famous statue of northampton .
two goals from jon walters helped st mirren to a fourth successive win in the scottish championship .
wakefield trinity hooker simon simon has signed a new three - year deal with the super league side .
leeds rhinos prop liam murphy has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
ed miliband and ed miliband have clashed over the future of the uk 's membership of the eu .
walmart , the world 's biggest online retailer , has announced it will buy its retail business in china .
pakistan 's parliament has passed a law allowing the country 's first law to register a new law .
stagecoach has announced plans to create more than 1,000 new vehicles in england and wales .
iain duncan smith has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about the way the uk stays in the eu .
sir philip green has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that sir philip green 's knighthood on the pension scheme should be replaced by mps .
it is one of the biggest deals in the world .
two british athletes have died in a plane crash in the united states .
a new york city bill has become the first city in the world to do more to tackle homelessness .
the japanese company behind the world 's biggest online internet service , line , is to raise its share of the tokyo stock exchange .
at least 19 people have died in a car crash in the us state of texas , officials say .
david cameron has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about china 's decision to leave the european union .
accident and emergency departments at the royal college of scotland -lrb- rcs -rrb- have fallen by more than 10 % in the past year .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france with a quintana victory in the tour de france .
chile 's government has cancelled a 24-hour strike in a dispute with the government .
security firm g4s has reported an increase in sales and profits for the first three months of the year .
spain 's czech walz won olympic gold in the men 's bronze kg freestyle at the rio olympics .
the number of people being referred to care services in scotland has more than doubled in the past five years , according to new figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key stories on the planet .
the chicago cubs are one of the world 's biggest and most iconic moments .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , that , has reported a pre - tax loss of # software for the first half of 2015 .
the indian parliament has approved a new law which will allow the release of a new law to be decriminalised .
a hoard of gold found in a field in norfolk has been discovered in a field in norfolk .
liverpool have agreed a deal to sign liverpool midfielder raheem sterling for an undisclosed fee .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says he was ` ` proud '' to be named wales coach for the six nations .
the culture secretary , john whittingdale , has announced he is to step down as chairman of the culture secretary .
a team of scientists have captured the world 's most famous sea ice in the arctic .
england prop mako vunipola has been ruled out for the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in newtownards , county antrim .
british gymnastics gymnast smith smith has been banned from the sport for three years after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
uruguay 's luis suarez will be allowed to play for uruguay 's world cup qualifier against uruguay .
a us dentist who shot dead a lion in zimbabwe has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a woman in the us state of vermont has been accused of stealing a woman 's face in a row over a woman 's womb .
a man has been arrested in syria on suspicion of being part of the so - called islamic state group in syria .
yeovil town ladies midfielder player heatherson has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
a 17-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
ulster flanker stuart mccloskey has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the mother of a woman who was treated in hospital for more than three hours at a hospital in the uk has been discharged from hospital .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after getting into difficulty at a beauty spot in gwynedd .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , bbc news looks at how the uk votes to leave the european union .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the key battleground of iraq 's politics .
the world 's most decorated paralympian , john baird , has announced his retirement at the age of 37 .
afc wimbledon striker marlon mcanuff says he has no plans to sign a new contract at the club .
the welsh government is expected to be the first welsh government to fund the budget of the welsh government .
sports direct boss mike ashley has written to the chairman of the sports direct committee to discuss the practice of his business .
lord alderdice has told the house of lords that the house of lords would be ` ` wrong '' in the house of lords .
farmers in england and wales are calling on the government to change its plans to protect farmers from flooding .
a huge storm has hit the south coast of scotland for the first time .
a council has called for an investigation into the deaths of lifeguards at camber sands in east sussex .
archaeologists in egypt say they have discovered a treasure trove of ancient gold coins found in the mediterranean .
wasps director of rugby dai young says he is relishing the prospect of playing in england 's squad for the autumn tests .
the green party has signed a petition calling for a ban on sanitary products in the uk .
scientists at swansea university are using 3d printing technology to be fitted with 3d printing .
a 12-year - old girl has been sexually assaulted by a group of youths in merseyside , police have said .
a us man has been charged in connection with the killing of a us student in the us .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for a boycott of student protests in south africa .
a new survey has been launched into the search for a new raf base in the highlands .
thousands of people have attended a festival in the south east of england .
lengths favourite became the first man to win a gold medal at newbury for the second time in a row .
volkswagen has announced that it will end its sales of the diesel emissions scandal in october .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the expansion of cape street in south africa .
bayern munich came from behind to beat bayern munich and reach the semi - finals of the champions league .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was found dead at his home .
the scottish football league 's new stadium has been put up for sale by the scottish football association -lrb- hold -rrb- .
tyrone came from behind to beat meath in sunday 's all - ireland derby game at croke park .
irish travellers living in the republic of ireland are more likely to be able to travel to the republic of ireland , a study suggests .
bolton wanderers midfielder michael howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a man has pleaded guilty to the murder of a man in wrexham .
sir bruce forsyth has cancelled a concert in london for the first time in more than two years .
a man in the us state of colorado has been shot dead in the city of dundar , police say .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- is to host the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- to host the 2026 africa cup of nations .
somerset bowler james anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the importance of african leaders .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for sending explicit images of children to the internet .
beavers believed to have been extinct in scotland have been found in the highlands .
castleford 's hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by wakefield .
thousands of roma fans have marched through the french capital , paris .
a sequel to the film adaptation of the trainspotting film has been released by the film society .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers a rise in the number of african countries .
tributes have been paid to a british indycar driver who died in a crash in the us state of oregon .
trainer boxer josh taylor has announced his retirement from professional football .
england head coach lee johnson says his side 's performance in the second test against south africa was a ` ` nightmare '' .
the culture of the london 2012 music festival has been described as ` ` a huge boost '' by the arts council .
ricky burns has become the most successful boxer in scottish boxing history .
the first phase of the # 50bn upgrade of the great north of england has been announced by the transport secretary .
wales ' hopes of reaching the six nations quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by italy in cardiff .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it is to host the 2026 world cup .
hampshire batsman michael carberry has been diagnosed with cancer .
chinese authorities have released a video showing driverless car technology in china .
teachers are calling for a ban on female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- in a bid to tackle child sexual abuse .
scientists say they have captured a spiders spider that they say could be the first four - legged spider in the world .
a campaign has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a suffragette who was stabbed to death in world war one .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' that a laboratory in china was ` ` days '' .
there has been a rise in the number of young people killed in a train crash in north wales , the organisation has said .
a woman who stabbed a woman to death in a ` ` brutal '' attack has been jailed for life .
bath came from behind to beat bath and move level on points with premiership leaders saracens .
a flood - hit tourist attraction in cumbria has been hit by flooding , the county 's mayor has said .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has released its first detailed picture of the dwarf planet ceres .
first minister carwyn jones was born in zambia 's capital , lusaka .
budweiser brewer ab inbev has agreed to pay $ budweiser -lrb- # ab -rrb- from rival anheuser - busch inbev for $ 30 -lrb- # drinkers -rrb- .
police searching for missing raf serviceman corrie mckeague are searching for a missing raf serviceman .
an investigation is under way after a man 's body was found at a house in south lanarkshire .
pembrokeshire council 's chief executive has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of pembrokeshire bin collections .
syria 's main opposition rebel group , the national liberation army -lrb- fsa -rrb- , has said it is ready to hold talks with the syrian government .
it 's almost time for the university of england 's universities .
ospreys maintained their 100 % record in the european champions cup with a french win over racing 92 in treviso .
st johnstone maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over st johnstone in the scottish premiership .
tui group , the world 's biggest travel firm , has said it was behind a surge in the number of migrants on the greek island of lesbos .
the number of drivers caught speeding on the m4 has risen by more than 30 % in the past year , according to new figures .
first minister carwyn jones has said he will vote for the uk to stay in the eu if it wins the general election .
two people have been jailed for fraud for fraud and fraud offences .
craig gordon is relishing the prospect of being fit to play for celtic at the end of the season .
oxford university has become the first british woman to live in the uk for the first time .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis , according to a survey .
us president donald trump has signed a new deal with the us and us governments .
atletico madrid came from behind to beat atletico madrid and go top of la liga .
the new # 5 note will be published on the new # 5 note , the royal bank of scotland has announced .
the republic of ireland 's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7 % in the first quarter of 2016 , official figures show .
scientists have developed a new type of drug testing that could help tackle the risk of developing drugs .
when cannabis was introduced in the middle of a house in the city of 32-year - old , there is a growing number of people in the uk .
the us military has launched a series of air strikes against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq , defence secretary michael fallon has said .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill will miss the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
the government has been accused of failing to pay compensation for charges of fraud and fraud in england and wales .
aston villa manager black black has defended his decision to leave the club at the end of the season .
for the first time in more than two decades , the world cup has been a major step forward .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in edinburgh .
sir simon rattle has been appointed as the new head of the berlin philharmonic orchestra -lrb- phones -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a flat in county dublin .
adele has topped the uk album chart for the fourth year running .
a painting owned by adolf hitler has sold for # hitler at auction in germany .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a fishing boat off the north wales coast .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been destroyed by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in mosul , the bbc has learned .
if you want to know about depression and depression , a new study has found that some of the world 's leading doctors have been talking about depression and depression .
staff at a swansea university have been accused of ` ` bullying '' by staff at the university of cardiff .
the founder of a aging school in canada , john chapman , has said he wants to buy a new school in the north west of england .
coventry maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a comfortable win at bury .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the super league play - offs suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by storm manchester .
chelsea striker diego costa has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
mae ' r llywodraeth y du wedi dweud y bydd hi ' n cael ei deyrnas i ' w cynlluniau , yn ôl llywodraeth cymru .
the mother of a toddler who was born in the middle of an australian city of lahore has undergone surgery after undergoing surgery .
belize is one of the world 's most prosperous states .
celtic manager gordon brown says his side are ` ` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the premiership .
tokyo is the world 's biggest sporting sporting tournament .
the chief executive of the nhs trust that runs the nhs in england has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by the health watchdog .
manchester united striker louis van persie has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
star wars : the force awakens has sold at auction for # house .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
a health trust has apologised for failing to properly investigate the ` ` inadequate '' deaths of patients at an east london hospital .
england women 's coach tom tierney has named an unchanged side for saturday 's six nations game against england at twickenham .
league two side portsmouth have signed defender paul foster on a two - year contract after he turned down a new deal with the league two club .
prime minister david cameron is to join forces in south sudan to help combat the conflict in south sudan .
a tube station was evacuated after a fire broke out at a station in london .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in south yorkshire .
british paralympic champion david weir has pulled out of this year 's london marathon .
a zoo has opened its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
schools in wales could be given the chance to go into school in the next five years , the welsh government has said .
a model model of the great british bake off has been unveiled in british columbia .
the new leader of the afghan taliban , mullah akhtar mansour , has called for the removal of a new leader , mullah akhtar mansour .
mark allen has been appointed as the new chief executive of manchester city .
this year 's strictly come dancing has been the most - watched show in the uk for the first time .
the welsh government has announced plans to build a new cycling sports centre in cardiff .
the number of people caught drink - driving in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , official figures show .
a grade ii - listed theatre has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez could be out for the rest of the season .
the head of the scottish government has called on the scottish government to make changes to the way universities are governed .
chinese retail giant lego has said it will stop selling products in the country .
thirteen teenagers have been arrested in connection with disturbances at a petrol station in south london .
a man is being sought by police after being caught up on an industrial estate in worcestershire .
ant and dec are one of the most inspirational contestants in the world .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed bolton wanderers midfielder bolton wanderers on a two - year deal .
one of the world 's most important domesticated trees , the specimens , has died at the age of 87 .
an investigation has been launched after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in west lothian .
one of the world 's most famous pad , 1 , has been filmed in a park .
a man has died after being hit by a car in kent .
glasgow warriors maintained their 100 % start to the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
the welsh labour leader has said she will not support the welsh government if it wins the general election .
super league side widnes vikings have signed catalans dragons half - back ryan mason on a two - year deal .
former italian film composer morricone morricone has said he is ` ` very proud '' of his role as director of the cannes film festival .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has told the bbc he is ` ` fighting '' with south sudan 's rebel leader riek machar .
a local authority has backed plans for a # 100 m plan to save oxfordshire county council .
the family of a six - year - old boy who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to him .
thousands of people have lined the streets of coventry to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
mps have called for an investigation into the use of the package of the package of wrongdoing in the 2011 criterium du dauphine .
it has been a year since the death of the airasia plane crash last year .
two police officers have been jailed for a series of misconduct offences against two police officers .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a hostel in australia .
a dispute has broken out between a former police and crime commissioner -lrb- administrators -rrb- .
the pope of the catholic church , holy mother , has died at the age of 82 .
indian prime minister david cameron is on the verge of becoming the first indian prime minister to visit india .
a volcano in chile 's capital , santiago , has been destroyed in a volcano in chile , officials say .
a man who was killed in a shark attack in australia has been named by police .
it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
on the streets of berlin , the streets of locals , locals , shops , shops , locals and its .
vodafone has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk 's membership of the european union in the wake of the brexit vote .
the cost of renting a home in england has reached # gap m , the government has announced .
a county antrim man has been burgled after a burglary at a powys shop .
the number of police officers in yorkshire and yorkshire is to be cut by the end of next year , yorkshire police said .
for the first time in 20 years , austria 's far - right presidential candidate , norbert hofer , has been sworn in as the new president of the european parliament .
super league side warrington wolves have signed castleford tigers prop willie frayssinous on a two - year deal .
five - time tour de france winner sir bradley wiggins has been banned for two years by the uk anti - doping agency .
for the first time , the british boxing association -lrb- ufc -rrb- is set to become the first british city to be built in the world .
the number of social workers being paid to social workers in england has risen by more than a fifth in the past year , official figures show .
the number of people sleeping rough in the uk has fallen to its lowest level in four years , the environment agency has said .
the family of a man who died after being tasered by police in west london have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of his family .
north wing george north says the british and irish lions will not be able to play in the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
syria 's president bashar al - assad is expected to be the next president of the islamic state group .
a ` ` fat '' poster poster poster has been removed from a gym in derbyshire .
police in italy say they have arrested 12 people in connection with a corruption scandal linked to organised crime .
a five - storey building in hampshire is to be restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
hundreds of people have taken part in a debate in the house of commons over the future of nhs services in england .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as portugal came from behind to beat portugal and reach the euro 2016 semi - finals .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has told the bbc he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the hacking of us president - elect donald trump .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in malta to mark the 70th anniversary of the easter rising .
it 's been a year since the super of the world cup , which begins in the final of the world cup , it was easy to be one of the most memorable moments of the year .
police searching for missing airman corrie mckeague are searching for a missing airman .
a study has suggested that highland council should be able to use basic technology in schools .
it 's been a year since the first episode of the first test in the united states .
an inquest has opened into the death of a cafe cafe at a cafe cafe in sydney .
a us man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a us businessman who was shot dead in the us .
a row has broken out over plans to close a primary school in bristol .
the college of cambridge college is to close its college of college education in a bid to save # related .
australian artist churcher churcher has died at the age of 95 .
theresa may has said she is ` ` very happy '' to see a young girl in a christmas pantomime .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in aberdeenshire .
it is one of australia 's most famous children .
more than 100 jobs are under threat in aberdeen for the first time , it has been announced .
plans to increase council tax in surrey have been rejected by the government .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will be ` ` proud '' to win the premier league title this season .
national league side york city have signed midfielder 25 kamdjo on a two - year deal following his release by forest green rovers .
the royal welsh regiment is to host the royal welsh regiment to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
more than half a million students in england are being taught by english students , according to a new study .
the football association of england -lrb- campaign -rrb- has launched its bid to become the next president of fifa .
former labour leader huw irranca - davies has said the party needs to win the welsh assembly if the party wins the general election .
us presidential candidate donald trump has been charged with the murder of a us presidential candidate in the us state of michigan .
plans to expand a university campus have been given the go - ahead by the council .
a dog has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in lincolnshire .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is ` ` very concerned '' about the availability of midfielder joe allen .
a southend united footballer has been given a suspended jail sentence after being found guilty of assaulting a football association player .
a man accused of murder after a man was stabbed to death in wrexham has told a jury he was a man with a crossbow .
the father of a british woman who was murdered in the indian city of mumbai has called for a new law to name the name .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in british gas and the ftse 100 .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has unveiled its first mine satellite .
league one side northampton town have agreed a deal to sign a new deal with the club .
european union leaders have criticised the european union 's decision to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced that the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- will not be allowed to play in the africa cup of nations .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the nhs in wales will not be able to cope with a shortage of emergency surgery , the chief executive of hospitals has said .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
growth in the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace for three years in april , according to a closely watched survey .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in a west london park .
the cost of ticket prices in the premier league has risen for the first time in more than 30 years .
some of the world 's most endangered animals have been born at a zoo in south africa .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from the sea off the coast of cornwall .
leicester city boss claudio ranieri says his side have a ` ` fight '' if they are to win the premier league title .
the green party has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the uk voting to leave the european union .
ryan ryan , one of scotland 's most successful drug dealers , has died at the age of 74 .
house prices in the uk fell by 0.5 % in february , according to the latest official figures .
the world 's biggest car manufacturer , intel , has announced plans to create a new engine engine in the us .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in shropshire .
australian police are investigating the death of a greyhound racing racing greyhound in australia .
golf is a ` ` complete review '' for golf and golf , according to a new study .
northampton town football club has been granted permission to sell northampton town football club until the end of the season .
a new report has been launched into the closure of the dumfries and galloway railway station .
more than half of teachers in england and wales have been banned from teaching for more than two years , the bbc has learned .
house prices in the uk rose by 5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
the father of a soldier who died during a training exercise at a training exercise in brecon , county down , has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the ministry of defence .
vietnam is marking the 70th anniversary of the battle of war during world war two .
mark stoneman 's unbeaten century led warwickshire to a barker victory over durham at edgbaston .
a # 1 m revamp of the university of york has been given the go - ahead by the university council .
ricky miller scored the only goal of the game as dover beat guiseley to keep their national league play - off hopes alive .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye has been shot dead in the capital , kampala .
the founder of a heritage castle in glen glen has said he is ` ` gutted '' by the closure of the project .
a man has died after being found unconscious in a flat in edinburgh .
russia 's defence secretary dmitry medvedev has said the country 's nuclear war is a ` ` world war '' .
police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in bolton have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to .
the psni has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about a spate of hate crime in northern ireland .
supermarket chain morrisons has reported a rise in sales for the three months to the end of june .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- president , issa hayatou , has resigned .
teachers in northern ireland have rejected a pay offer for the first time in a row over pay .
education secretary michael gove has called for an end to the release of prisoners in england and wales .
the uk 's biggest online marketplace , pirate , has been targeted by hackers .
roald dahl is one of the most influential writers of modern times .
the number of critically endangered species of endangered species in hong kong has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , a study suggests .
the number of nurses at scotland 's largest nursing nursing unit has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to the royal college of nursing .
a custody officer has been found guilty of killing a police officer who was restrained by a police officer .
ivan lendl says he has no regrets about becoming the first british man to win the world number one ranking .
the former french president , raymond daughter , has died at the age of 93 .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fatal fire at a north ayrshire village .
olympic champion nicola adams has defended the decision to ban the number of female boxers in the sport .
brazil 's hopes of reaching the world cup semi - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by brazil in the first leg of their copa del rey .
three russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio 2016 olympics , the international olympic committee has announced .
ben affleck , who has died at the age of 81 , is one of the most influential actors in the world .
glamorgan moved to the top of the one - day cup with a graham victory over gloucestershire at the oval .
the london 2012 paralympics has been held in glasgow .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed bolton wanderers midfielder ryan he on a two - year deal .
a 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 16-year - old boy in aberdeen .
google has announced that it is to launch its wearable version of google 's artificial intelligence system .
uk industrial production grew at its fastest pace for three years in march , according to official figures .
the court of appeal has ruled that the high court in belfast has failed to overturn a legal challenge to the court of appeal .
a us rapper has been shot dead in the us state of san francisco , officials say .
china is the world 's oldest living mammal , according to a new study .
overweight children are less likely to be overweight or obese , a study suggests .
manchester united 's title hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester united at old trafford .
the number of people living in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year , the charity has said .
league two side cambridge united have signed birmingham city midfielder hector hector on loan until the end of the season .
former england captain frank lampard has backed wayne rooney as england 's all - time leading goalscorer wayne rooney .
hampshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a hosts win over hampshire at lord 's .
a man who died in a plane crash at the weekend has been named by police .
labour leadership candidate shami chakrabarti has said she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by the party 's handling of anti - semitism in the labour party .
the church of england and the church of england have signed a new branch of the church of england .
scientists say they have found a way to build a new type of plastic plastic .
police in indian - administered kashmir have arrested a man in connection with an alleged arson attack on a hindu temple in indian - administered kashmir .
more than half of uk students want to leave the european union , according to a new study .
the judge in the case of a girl accused of raping a 15-year - old girl in county antrim has won a high court battle with a judge .
a us woman has been barred from entering the united states after being barred from entering the us .
the uk government has been accused of failing to ensure the uk government 's plan to build a new coal power station in north yorkshire .
more than a third of people in the uk do not think about their income , according to a new report .
britain 's jonathan trott won the women 's omnium at the british cycling championships with victory in the women 's omnium .
a man has been jailed for four years after he was hit by a stolen car .
the venezuelan president , juan antonio santos , has been shot dead in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
england one - day captain keaton jennings has been named in the england squad for the one - day series against england in abu dhabi .
the demolition of a former hotel in mauritius has been delayed until the end of the year .
a murder investigation is under way after a man 's body was found in a forest in north wales .
polish police are investigating reports of racist abuse in the polish capital , warsaw .
at least 13 people have been killed in an air strike on a military base in the yemeni capital , sanaa , officials say .
an investigation is under way after a man was killed in an attack on a block of flats in san bernardino , california .
a former vicar has been ordered to wear a ban on wearing a ` ` black clothing '' in a public toilets .
plans to build a new car park in bournemouth have been given the go ahead .
police in the us state of oregon say they have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a teenage boy .
labour has retained control of the labour party in the welsh assembly .
if you want to know what 's going to be a cricket ball in the west midlands ?
a chinese man has been injured in a bomb explosion in china 's capital , state , state media report .
cardiff devils will face cardiff devils in saturday 's elite league game at cardiff devils .
the uk embassy in libya is to close its embassy in libya , the foreign office has confirmed .
a man has died after being hit by a car in nottingham .
a 24-hour strike on the night tube service has been announced by the rail service .
a young girl from cardiff has been named the uk 's best player of the year award .
bbc sport picks live coverage of the sports and ice hockey matches .
jersey head coach darren stevens has signed a new two - year deal with the club .
a man who raped a woman in a ` ` brutal '' attack has been jailed for six years .
sunderland manager sam allardyce says the club 's relegation from the premier league is ` ` a long time '' .
a man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s and 80s .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain in northern ireland .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
fighting between the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- in the northern town of unity .
the number of police officers in england and wales has seen a rise in the number of people facing mental health problems , the bbc has learned .
a man has died in a fire at a house in greater manchester .
apple has been ordered to pay $ permission -lrb- # apple -rrb- to apple to pay damages for apple 's ipad .
a report into nhs highland 's nhs highland hospital has been criticised by msps .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has defended his party 's stance on the uk 's membership of the eu .
four - time olympic champion mo farah set a new world record for the first time in the world championships in birmingham .
a man has been jailed for six months after pleading guilty to the attempted murder of a woman in aberdeen .
mae ' r heddlu wedi cadarnhau ei bod hi ' n cael ei ei ar ôl i ' r ysbyty .
british number two aljaz bedene says he wants to return to great britain in the davis cup .
ross county manager gary stevenson says the scottish cup final is a ` ` great moment '' for his side .
labour leader harriet harman has called for the uk to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the european union .
sir terry pratchett is to be honoured with a bafta award at the british cinema awards .
stoke city have signed west ham striker marko arnautovic for an undisclosed fee .
the snp has launched an investigation into the uk 's membership of the scottish parliament .
the president of brazil 's lower house of congress , dilma rousseff , has been sacked .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gang of men were attacked in galliagh , county antrim .
ukip am mark reckless has announced he will stand in the assembly election .
a soldier who died after taking part in the brecon beacons has died , an inquest has heard .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
a court in india has ordered the arrest of indian tycoon vijay mallya for $ bn -lrb- # price ; $ bn -rrb- .
yorkshire have appointed former yorkshire captain simon grayson as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
indian artist sources little is one of india 's most famous writers .
hearts have signed field buaben on a one - year deal , subject to international clearance .
the government has launched a consultation on the future of the uk 's biggest online marketplace , hm revenue and customs .
at least 13 people have been killed in an attack on a military checkpoint in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's data watchdog is being investigated by the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- .
a court in iran has sentenced a man to life in prison for spying for the country 's government .
two osprey chicks have hatched at the scottish wildlife trust for the first time .
aldershot extended their unbeaten run to six games with a goalless draw at home to aldershot .
the head of the northern ireland education board -lrb- council -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about an investigation into the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car on the greek island of corfu have said they will appeal against his sentence .
the prince of wales and the prince of wales have written to the prince of wales in a letter to the prince of wales .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in east london .
a man has appeared in court in glasgow charged with inciting racial hatred .
thousands of people have taken part in the city of manchester for the first time in more than 70 years .
a woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering her mother .
apple has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by apple 's decision to scrap apple 's comments about apple 's ipad .
a survey has been launched to identify the life of one of the world 's most important locations .
the number of prison deaths in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , the chief inspector of prisons has said .
a man has been arrested after a man was found dead at a house in plymouth .
the uk 's first ` ` christmas christmas '' has been officially opened in london .
star trek actor peter takei has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be named as the star of the new star trek film -lrb- star -rrb- .
former cabinet secretary michael gove has said he will not stand down as prime minister because he is quitting as prime minister .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in devon .
the us space agency has successfully launched its first mission to mars .
scotland centre huw jones has signed a new two - year contract with the scottish rugby union .
the police ombudsman 's report into the office of justice -lrb- ruc -rrb- has said there is a ` ` major overhaul '' of the office of the police ombudsman .
wikileaks founder julian assange has accused the uk government of ` ` systematic '' allegations against wikileaks founder julian assange .
hampshire made it two wins from two in the day - night county championship division two draw against hampshire at chelmsford .
jailed uighur academic ilham tohti has gone on trial in china 's capital , ilham tohti .
sir chris hoy has been named as the new artistic director of the rio 2016 olympics .
the uk is set to make its first major storm of the year so far , it has been announced .
the world 's largest tropical hurricane has been battered by storm desmond , the world 's largest tropical hurricane .
portsmouth defender pompey whatmough has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
in the wake of the financial crisis , many of the world 's biggest online firms are being targeted by hackers , according to a report .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at his home in east london .
ibf world welterweight champion kell brook will fight ibf world welterweight champion kell brook on saturday , says promoter eddie hearn .
a former police inspector has been found guilty of murdering his former lover in the 1970s and 1980s .
researchers at king 's college london college say they have developed a new way to detect the lives of people with cystic fibrosis .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a competition in the indian capital , delhi .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the closure of glasgow 's arches venue .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes believes his side have a ` ` big performance '' in sunday 's scottish cup semi - final against aberdeen .
the scottish government has announced plans to build an extra # 800 m over the next five years .
former england head coach stuart lancaster has been appointed as the new head coach of the national team .
great britain 's kim lionhearts beat american opponents gb in the first round of the great britain open .
the chief executive of the church of england 's finance minister has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the way it is taxed .
talks aimed at averting a strike by train drivers on the southern rail network have been suspended .
police in germany have arrested a man suspected of taking part in a refugee camp in the capital , berlin .
the father of a boy who died after being hit by a car has criticised the ministry of justice .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered the remains of a stone monument at stonehenge .
two people have been killed in a fire at a house in west belfast .
a sculpture featuring thousands of ceramic poppies commemorating the world war one ceramic poppies has been unveiled .
former haitian president philippe philippe has been arrested in haiti after being arrested in haiti on charges of corruption .
the european union has warned that the uk will not be able to operate in the single market if the uk leaves the european union .
the uk 's first broadband broadband service is being launched in the uk .
plans to build new homes in york have been unveiled by the city council .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at turkey 's schools .
northampton town striker ivan toney says he has been left out of the premier league club for the rest of the season .
we ' ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
plans for a new # 48.5 m campus in inverness have been approved by highland council .
petrol prices in the uk fell by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to the rac .
romania 's fed cup captain ilie nastase has been suspended for two weeks after being found guilty of misconduct .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to build a new national park in pembrokeshire .
a transgender woman from northern ireland has said she has been ` ` overwhelmed '' after being diagnosed with terminal cancer .
chinese tech giant baidu has announced plans to create a range of its self - driving cars .
jockey ap mccoy has become the first british jockey to win a gold medal at the cheltenham festival .
shakespeare 's globe is one of the world 's most famous artists .
a proposal to allow women to be allowed to opt out abortions on abortion has been rejected by mps .
the number of women in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new study .
a conservation group has called on the uk government to help tackle the impact of eurasian lynx .
author jk rowling has said she is ` ` deeply sorry '' to describe her comments about the scottish independence referendum .
a volcano in iceland has been spewing off the coast of iceland .
the government has been defeated in the house of commons over plans to extend the government 's plan to extend the government 's plans for a new government .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro and his supporters have been shot dead in the capital , caracas .
it 's been a turbulent year for republican presidential hopeful donald trump .
royal mail has reported a fall in sales for the three months to the end of september .
a woman has been jailed for two years for stealing more than # 100,000 from a charity in tanzania .
russian opposition activists have taken part in a protest in moscow to protest against the government of russia 's main opposition party , alexei navalny .
police in mexico are searching for the families of 43 students who were killed in the mexican city of iguala .
police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football .
thousands of people have been forced to leave their homes after a burst water was found at a house in shropshire .
it 's been a busy week for many people .
police in the us state of texas say they have found the largest ever property in the northern city of texas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in teesside .
an archaeological dig in stonehenge has been found in the grounds of stonehenge , it has been revealed .
the former head of the far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party , analysts maréchal - le , has been elected as the new leader of the far - right party .
a fire has broken out in the mexican city of mexico , killing at least 19 people and injuring dozens more .
emma harding has been named as the new chief executive of the united states .
double olympic champion nicola adams has been knocked out of the world championships in las vegas .
plans for a new # 50 m shopping centre in torfaen have been approved by councillors .
ross county captain andrew davies has signed a new two - year contract with the county .
a memorial centre has been set up to mark the 70th anniversary of the raf landings in lincolnshire .
an inquest into the death of a teenage boy at an army base in west belfast could be linked to the death of an unarmed boy , an inquest has heard .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in neath port talbot .
a bus firm has been closed over plans to close a ceredigion bus station in ceredigion .
plans to introduce licensing charges in the house of lords have been backed by the house of lords .
teachers are failing to recruit teachers in england , according to the head teachers ' union ascl .
a study of brain activity in the brain has shown that the brain develops in the brain could be linked to the brain , a study suggests .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
plans for a wind farm in north yorkshire have been approved by councillors .
a primary school in west sussex has been destroyed in a fire .
carlos tevez has agreed a deal to sign brazilian striker carlos tevez from boca juniors .
the scottish conservative leader has resigned from the scottish conservatives .
more than a third of people in the uk are overweight or obese , a study suggests .
an increasing number of people in the uk are at risk of extinction , according to a new study .
a new system has been launched in new york on the new york times .
a florida man has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering his wife in florida .
david bowie has died at the age of 74 , his family has confirmed .
the football association 's chief executive has been appointed as the new chief executive of the fa fa .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at kenya 's presidential election .
the prime minister has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the publication of the publication of bbc radio 4 's today programme .
a new chief executive has been appointed as the new chief executive of cardiff university .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most memorable names in football .
the english football league is to be investigated by the football association after the football association was charged with violent disorder .
staff at itv 's biggest television show have voted in favour of strike action over pay .
the government has announced plans to cut the number of disabled people in the uk 's disability benefits system .
leicester tigers have signed leicester tigers winger ellis genge on loan until the end of the season .
singapore has launched a series of measures aimed at ending the world war two game of the year .
a body has been recovered from the river nith in dumfries and galloway .
portugal came from behind to beat germany and reach the quarter - finals of the world cup .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 premier league games this season .
the court of appeal has ruled that a new # 6 m contract to upgrade the county antrim road has been dismissed by the high court .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of vacancies facing teacher vacancies in scotland .
a college has announced it is to close its college of college staff in a bid to cut costs .
the eiffel tower in paris has reopened after the paris attacks that killed more than 100 people .
us president donald trump has urged us president donald trump to step aside if he wins the general election .
two british children have been arrested in turkey in connection with the so - called islamic state group , the bbc has learned .
plans to sell a former nuclear power station in north london have been given the go - ahead by the government .
leeds united have signed poland international defender klich klich on a season - long loan deal .
plaid cymru 's plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is ` ` absolutely committed '' to plaid cymru .
truro city head coach paul churcher says his side are capable of winning the national league play - offs .
a company has been fined # 200,000 after a worker was crushed to death at a recycling plant in cumbria .
the new york times film has been praised by critics for the first time in its first week of release .
a team of scientists in the us state of georgia say they have made a significant change to the future of perch .
the department for education has been criticised by the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- of failing to force the department for education .
shadow home secretary emily thornberry has said she will not vote on the uk 's membership of the european union .
widnes head coach denis betts says the club 's poor start to the season was a ` ` huge blow '' .
britain 's double paralympic champion richard whitehead has been named in the great britain team for the world para - athletics championships in london .
seventy jobs are to be created at a manufacturing firm in londonderry .
glasgow warriors have signed glasgow warriors prop alex grove on a two - year deal .
league two side port vale have signed defender eagles centre - back on a season - long loan from premier league side manchester city .
west brom boss tony pulis says he is ` ` very excited '' about his future as manager of the premier league club .
a body has been found by police searching for a man who was found dead at a house in derbyshire .
the us is facing a biofuel drought for the first time in more than two years , according to the united nations .
prime minister theresa may has been accused of ` ` scaremongering '' by the prime minister 's questions over brexit .
exeter city football club has reported a pre - tax profit of # profits m for the first half of the year .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a woman in aberdeen .
two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man in dorset .
a prison officer has been charged with the murder of a prisoner at a prison in portsmouth .
league two side leyton orient have signed former leyton orient defender 27-year - old atangana on a two - year deal .
more than a million households in the uk will be offered a cap on their energy bills , according to regulator ofgem .
the bank of england has voted to raise interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
more than # 1 m is to be invested in a ` ` substantial '' amount of money stolen from banks , the bbc has learned .
theresa may has told the bbc that the uk 's relationship with the eu would be ` ` difficult '' for the uk to stay in the eu .
one of the uk 's most iconic moseley buildings has been given grade ii listed status by the heritage lottery fund .
newcastle falcons head coach dean richards says his side are still feeling out of the loss of the premiership season .
police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
a review into the death of a man who was stabbed to death in newport has been released by the public services ombudsman .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on friday , with the ftse 100 closing lower .
two children have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in birmingham .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of county antrim man walsh haugh .
venezuela 's national baseball federation -lrb- baseball -rrb- says it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the availability of the country 's president nicolas maduro .
voters in west west wales have been gearing up for the first time in a year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death at his home in norfolk .
an investigation into the death of a woman who was found dead at a flat in london has been described as ` ` unexplained '' by a coroner .
a woman who went missing after a night out in the english channel has been reunited with her wedding .
british rider elfyn evans finished third in the first round of the class championship in sweden .
plans for a multimillion - pound redevelopment of a park park have been revealed by the council .
hundreds of people were left without power in orkney after a power cut in shetland .
former first minister alex salmond has said the scottish independence referendum will be ` ` guess '' in the wake of the referendum on independence .
league one side wigan athletic have signed wigan athletic midfielder ryan county on a two - year deal .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
police have said they are ` ` extremely concerned '' about the number of cctv cameras in glasgow .
the uk 's biggest airline , monarch , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the airline 's flights .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with shares in telecoms group ofcom after it reported a rise in sales .
newcastle united 's chief executive has been ordered to pay more than # 1 m in damages from the football league .
crusaders boss stephen baxter says his side are capable of securing a place in the irish premiership title race .
michael dunlop continued his impressive start to the season with victory in the opening practice session at the isle of man tt .
nottingham forest midfielder chris henry has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
rugby union chief executive jonathan davies says the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- will be given the chance to play the six nations in the six nations .
one of the world 's most famous lego , the first , is to return to the west end next year , it has been announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in a bar in paisley .
staff at the university of london are being balloted for strike action in a row over pay .
donald trump has pulled out of the us pga championship .
britain 's david swift has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
birmingham city ladies have signed striker christian nobbs from birmingham city for an undisclosed fee .
bbc scotland presenter robbie shepherd has died at the age of 86 .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says the club 's dominance of the season is the best player in the world .
the number of people displaced by floods in the us state of louisiana has risen to the lowest level since records began .
brazil midfielder kaka has been ruled out of the copa del rey after being ruled out of the copa del rey .
pop star sam smith has returned to the top of the uk album chart for the third time in a row .
the family of a man who died in a car crash in bradford have paid tribute to him .
a female pilot has become the first female pilot to fly to australia for the first time .
turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in istanbul 's capital , ankara .
a woman has been found guilty of fraud and fraud over her husband 's # vasco - knight fraud case .
a man has been charged in connection with the rape of a woman in edinburgh .
a county antrim man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man in county antrim .
a council leader who sued a council leader who sued him to pay # thompson in libel fees has failed in a legal bid .
the death toll from a devastating earthquake in nepal has left more than 200 people dead .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- has agreed to pay compensation to customers affected by the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- .
laura trott has been named in the great britain team for this year 's rio olympics .
pop star sam smith has won the 2015 barclaycard mercury prize for the first time .
hull city are set to miss the rest of the season after being ruled out for up to three weeks with a hamstring injury .
australia 's new oil company , chris coleman , has reported a rise in profits for the six months to december .
thailand 's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial bill to annul the country 's constitution .
plans for a new # 40 m ship ship in newport have been approved by the welsh government .
jack burnell has become the first british rider to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
mo farah became the first british woman to win two olympic gold medals as he won the men 's 10,000 m at the diamond league meeting in london .
british number one johanna konta will play johanna konta in the first round of the british open at eastbourne .
china 's economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with mining stocks leading the ftse 100 higher .
more than 100 secondary school pupils in blackpool are being offered free holidays , a study has found .
the chief minister of india 's tamil nadu state has accused the government of involvement in the killing of a train passenger in the eastern state of chhattisgarh .
a man has appeared in court in london charged with terrorism offences .
labour leadership contender yvette cooper has called for an end to the uk 's trident nuclear weapons system .
scottish energy company scottish energy has launched a new scheme to help customers buy the cheapest market .
the co - op and kinross authority -lrb- co - op -rrb- has been fined # land m by the co - op and somerset authority -lrb- cma -rrb- .
former west indies coach phil simmons has been named as the new head coach of west indies .
the wife of afghan president ashraf ghani has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the death of his wife .
arlene foster has been confirmed as the new leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
nigel simpson has been elected as the new leader of the council .
david cameron has said he will vote for the uk to stay in the eu after the uk voted to leave the eu .
plans for a housing development in the highlands have been approved by councillors .
chesterfield have signed chesterfield striker armand gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season .
the world twenty20 championship will be held at the european under-19 championship .
star spears has become the first woman to win the uk 's most famous star .
network rail is one of the most important ways in the history of network rail .
police in the libyan capital , tripoli , have seized two foreigners who were kidnapped in the libyan capital , tripoli .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said his side 's 2 - 1 win over manchester united was the best player in the premier league .
saracens have agreed a deal to sign australia prop alex porecki for the 2017 - 18 season .
jo pavey became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world championships .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she would be ` ` absolutely sure '' about the future of income tax in wales .
south korean tech giant samsung has apologised for the first time since the galaxy note 7 fiasco .
billy billy connolly has become the first british driver to win a motorsport formula 1 car race .
harry potter and the cursed child has won the top prize at this year 's golden globe awards .
it is one of the most famous people in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in wrexham .
people in wales are being asked to take part in a campaign to help people with mental health problems .
manchester united came from behind to beat manchester united and reach the fa cup fourth round .
one of the world 's most famous peering has been photographed at a railway station in gwynedd .
walsall 's league one survival hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by walsall .
the uk economy grew by 0.4 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
a new species of wasp species has been discovered in the south east of scotland .
aberystwyth university is to become the first university in the uk to create a new university campus .
a man has been arrested after a stolen device was stolen from a car in sunderland .
london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has launched an online hate crime campaign in london .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a 12-year - old girl in norfolk .
nicole scherzinger has been praised by critics for her portrayal of the revival of the london symphony awards .
police are investigating a spate of arson attacks on two children in newry , county down .
three men have been charged in connection with the alleged rape of a man in oxford .
a man has gone on trial in a bid to stop the ` ` pretty '' garden of the river thames in oxfordshire .
former apprentice apprentice winner lord sugar has defended the show of a bbc radio 4 programme .
british cyclist david miller has been banned from the sport for the first time .
a report into the deaths of two patients at a gloucestershire hospital has been criticised by an independent report .
a pair of objects paintings by a chinese artist have been stolen from a museum in scunthorpe .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was struck by a car .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell is one shot off the lead after the first round of the women 's world championship in south korea .
the french justice minister , dieudonne dieudonne , has been charged with terrorism offences , the justice ministry says .
portadown have been suspended from the irish premiership after being suspended for two weeks .
britain 's andy murray fought back from a set down to beat andy murray and reach the australian open third round .
the uk 's largest digital service , the world 's largest digital service , is to expand its digital service , the bbc has announced .
scientists have developed a new type of heart attack that could cause the heart attacks of heart attack .
police investigating the rape of a 14-year - old girl in buckinghamshire have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to .
the memorial of pc keith palmer has been unveiled at the national memorial arboretum in staffordshire .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a fire in peterhead .
britain 's chris adcock and chris adcock have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
celtic came from behind to beat aberdeen and reach the scottish cup semi - finals .
juventus returned to the top of the serie a title with a comfortable victory over sassuolo .
albania 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by albania .
thousands of people have attended the annual diwali festival in leicester .
amazon has announced it will launch its first tv channels for the first time in more than two years .
a rare world war two world war two has been sold at auction for # battle .
researchers at cardiff university are calling for the introduction of a new type of drink in the uk .
a body has been found in the grounds of a man 's body in the republic of ireland .
police searching for a missing woman who went missing after a night out in nottingham have made a fresh appeal for information .
jonathan rea won his second world superbike race with victory in the world superbikes race at assen .
the house of commons has become the first commons hurdle to be introduced in the house of commons .
a campaign has been launched to protect a memorial site at a memorial park in sheffield .
england were knocked out of the first test against south africa in the first test against south africa in cape town .
police in chicago have arrested three people in connection with the rape of a 12-year - old girl in chicago .
actor sir tom hunter is to host a charity dinner in edinburgh to raise money for charity .
john pascali 's late goal gave kilmarnock a narrow win over kilmarnock in the scottish premiership .
if you want to know about the olympic games in rio de janeiro , you did n't know what it would do .
sinn féin 's gerry adams has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the murder of sinn féin leader gerry adams .
wales wing george north says his side 's six nations defeat by italy was a ` ` nightmare '' .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after taking a contraceptive pill has been halted , an inquest heard .
a man accused of taking part in an alleged plot to kill a man in the uk has been found guilty of attempted murder .
warwickshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a hosts victory over warwickshire at edgbaston .
south africa will face south africa in the one - day cup quarter - finals after a du win over south africa in johannesburg .
it 's been a big year for the football world cup .
the death of a teenage boy at a school in newtown , connecticut , in the us state of connecticut , was one of the most famous people in the world .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in coventry .
the nhs in england will be able to use the cost of a new drug for the next three years , the government has announced .
a man has been charged in connection with the death of a man at a house in newcastle .
formula 1 's governing body has approved a meeting with formula 1 rivals formula 1 at the end of the season .
olympic gold medallist jason kenny has announced her retirement from athletics .
plans to build a new road bridge in reading have been approved by councillors .
more than 100 pension schemes in wales are to be turned into a pension scheme , the company has announced .
one of the world 's most plant plants has been unveiled in edinburgh .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been given a life sentence for murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has signed a peace agreement with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
hundreds of staff at a former manchester united college have gone on strike in a dispute over financial mismanagement .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found in swansea .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is ` ` very difficult '' for the introduction of a new road junction in central london .
it has been described as the biggest car rover in the west midlands .
wales defender chris gunter says the republic of ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against serbia will be a ` ` must - win team '' .
jockey frankie sistercharlie has become the first british jockey to win the royal ascot at royal ascot .
plans for a # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea bay have been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
an investigation into the closure of a former army base in londonderry is being investigated by the northern ireland executive .
sir terry wogan has paid tribute to sir terry wogan , who has died at the age of 74 .
ukip leader nigel farage has been left out of the uk after being accused of illegal immigration .
claudio ranieri says he is ` ` very happy '' to be named leicester city 's manager for the first time .
drivers on the london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over pay and conditions .
newport gwent dragons director of rugby andrew davies says he is not concerned about the future of newport gwent dragons .
a court in egypt has overturned a law allowing the president of the muslim brotherhood , the supreme court has ruled .
the search for a new helicopter base in the brecon beacons has been launched by the royal navy .
pakistan has carried out its first major military co - operation in the afghan city of karachi , officials say .
a man has been seriously injured in a collision between a car and a bus in edinburgh .
a man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a girl while she was sexually assaulted .
a labour mp has apologised for comments he made about israel 's jewish community .
derby county head coach danny wilson says his side will be ` ` devastated '' by the loss of the t20 blast .
finland is one of the wealthiest countries in finland .
scotland is the most successful nation in the world , according to the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the resignation of egypt 's president hosni mubarak .
the duke of edinburgh is in a stable condition in hospital after being hit by a car .
liverpool have appointed former liverpool and england captain jurgen klopp as their new manager .
a blind man has become the first person to be diagnosed with motor neurone disease -lrb- jenkinson -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
labour 's sadiq khan has been elected as the new leader of the scottish conservatives .
scientists in northern madagascar have discovered a new species of large geckos .
actor johnny depp has been released from prison in australia after pleading guilty to the kidnap and murder of a woman .
the north wales metro could benefit from the north of the uk , the head of the welsh government has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark index closed slightly lower on monday , recovering from a fall in oil prices .
everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in liverpool .
partick thistle manager alan archibald says he has no problem with manager alan archibald .
police are appealing for information after two children were found dead at a house in west sussex .
a man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a bus in the early hours of the morning .
the former archbishop of canterbury , lord carey , has said he would like to think about the life of his life .
danielle carter scored a hat - trick as arsenal came from behind to beat arsenal in the women 's fa cup final .
two people have been injured in a head - on collision between two train trains in california , officials say .
the united nations has asked the united nations to close its operations in the united states .
strictly come dancing star paul makers has pulled out of the show after being accused of ` ` sexist '' comments about the celebrity apprentice contestant .
actor mary valentine has died at the age of 83 , his agent has confirmed .
middlesbrough came from behind to beat wolves and reach the third round of the efl cup .
police in the northern indian city of kuala say they have arrested a man in connection with a deadly attack on a restaurant in the capital , kuala lumpur .
a cyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the a40 in east london .
the us supreme court has ruled that us president barack obama 's healthcare law could be legalised by the us supreme court .
thousands of people have marched through newport for the first time in more than 50 years .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan says he has no regrets about becoming the world 's most valuable player .
a new strain of cervical cancer has been confirmed in scotland , according to a new study .
mae ' r pob yng nghymru wedi dweud bod nifer y ysgolion yn cael eu hon yn cael eu hon , yn ôl prif weithredwr y sianel .
it has been a year since australia 's women 's rugby league came to an end on sunday .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of the mohammad kabul , who was killed in the paris terror attacks .
atletico madrid forward antoine griezmann has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
former world number one tiger woods has pulled out of the us open because of a shoulder injury .
a fox has been rescued after being bitten by a fox in the scottish borders .
a councillor has been suspended from the authority after being suspended for a misconduct investigation .
newport gwent dragons climbed to the top of the pro12 with a hard - fought win over newport gwent dragons .
a mcdonald 's restaurant in south london has been cancelled because of a row over parking .
an australian court has ordered the extradition of a woman accused of sexually abusing girls in australia .
environment secretary lord paterson has criticised the government 's plan to protect parts of the uk .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in renfrewshire have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to .
the euromillions lottery has won a record # jackpot m prize for the uk 's biggest lottery prize .
the indian state of uttar pradesh has been accused of being a ` ` seconds '' and ` ` filed '' and ` ` filed '' .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has accused turkey of trying to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index ended the day lower on wednesday as investors remained cautious in the wake of the us federal reserve .
the governor of india 's main bank , kaushik , has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the country 's financial crisis .
the pakistani military says it has carried out a series of attacks on militant groups in indian - administered kashmir .
eilish mccolgan has become the first british woman to win the british indoor half marathon at the british indoor championships .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in dublin .
schools in birmingham are being investigated by the government over claims it is being investigated by the government .
two former labour mps have been convicted of electoral fraud after being found guilty of fraud .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in inverness have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the crofting commission in scotland .
spain 's centre - right opposition leader pedro sanchez has called for an end to the country 's political deadlock .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of a new type of creatures in the uk .
a woman has died after being struck by a car in edinburgh .
nintendo has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that nintendo will be sold for the nintendo switch console .
all photographs by joseph ali .
the dyfed - powys police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been criticised by the force 's police and crime commissioner for wales .
mining giant anglo american , anglo american , has announced plans to cut up to 450 jobs as part of a restructuring restructuring .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in nottingham .
nato and nato have expressed concern over the threat of military exercises in eastern ukraine .
the rolling stones have revealed they are to release a album of the band 's new album , the band .
british seonaid seonaid seonaid and 26 seonaid won gold at the jennifer ukraine world cup in france , germany .
ireland reached the semi - finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a leg - spinner win over afghanistan in dublin .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- has said the uk should stay in the eu if the uk leaves the european union .
an investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in oxfordshire .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is ` ` gutted '' by the club 's hierarchy after the club 's relegation from the premier league .
the former chief executive of the us insurance giant , greenberg greenberg , has gone on trial in new york .
scientists say they have found a way to advance the cells of a rare form of cancer cells .
a memorial service has been held in the republic of ireland to mark the 25th anniversary of the death of russian president vladimir putin .
plans to expand grammar schools in kent have been rejected by prime minister david cameron .
a social housing fund has been awarded # schemes to help fund a new housing fund in falkirk .
an inquest into the death of a baby boy at a bristol hospital has been halted .
scientists say they have found a new way to recognise the earliest known person in the world .
sir terry pratchett is to return to the west end next year , the bbc has announced .
labour will take on the welsh government 's plans to scrap the welsh government 's plans for the next general election .
the former chief executive of olympus , eric woodford , has pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud .
the forensic science service in england and wales is at its lowest level for more than two years , the bbc has learned .
a world war two veteran who was awarded france 's highest military honour has been awarded a medal for his bravery .
one of the world 's most popular infectiously - catchy , how ! ,   has died at the age of 83 .
activity in the uk 's service sector continued to grow , according to a closely watched survey .
england captain michael clarke said he was ` ` surprised '' by his side 's performance in the first test against south africa at the oval .
the bbc sports personality of the year will be broadcast live on the bbc sports personality of the year .
germany 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the confederations cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by germany .
british cyclist becky sutton is out of the rio olympics because of a knee injury .
austria 's austria austria has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the nhs trust that ran stafford hospital has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by inspectors .
the boss of the world 's biggest online chat app has said he is ` ` thrilled '' to be able to become the world 's first smartphone .
dairy farmers have said they are ` ` extremely concerned '' about the cost of dairy milk .
david cameron has announced plans to cut free childcare in england in england and wales if the tories win the election .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a drunk driver in a crash in falkirk .
british tennis star andy murray has said she is ` ` devastated '' after being diagnosed with a brain tumour .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones believes his side are capable of winning the pro12 play - offs .
the cost of affordable housing in northern ireland is ` ` flawed '' , a report has said .
the number of job losses in the uk has fallen to its lowest level in more than three years , according to a new report .
national league side braintree town have signed midfielder jake cooper on a free transfer .
the government has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to extend the stadium of west ham 's olympic stadium .
conor mcgregor , conor mcgregor and conor mcgregor were among the favourites for conor mcgregor and conor mcgregor in the first round of the us open .
huddersfield town have appointed huddersfield town boss david wagner as their new manager .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first experiments on space .
alan shearer has confirmed he is to leave the new york times .
john godin , one of the world 's biggest technology companies , has died at the age of 89 .
an inquest into the death of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car has been described as ` ` an inspiration '' by an inquest .
former us presidential hopeful mike huckabee has been elected as the new governor of the us state of maine .
workers at sports direct have staged a protest over pay and conditions .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west belfast .
manchester city 's women 's super league title hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by manchester city in the women 's super league .
scotland head coach vern cotter hailed his side 's ` ` unbelievable '' performance as they eased to victory over scotland at murrayfield .
boris johnson has said he wants to leave the conservative leadership race .
the number of recorded cases of child sexual abuse in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , official figures show .
two men have been jailed after being found guilty of taking part in a multi - million pound 13 ring in south wales .
protests have been held in parts of africa 's capital , addis ababa , in the capital , addis ababa .
the northern ireland secretary of state has said it is ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's handling of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
manchester united have completed the signing of psv eindhoven winger memphis depay from psv eindhoven .
league one side bristol city have signed striker alex revell from championship rivals preston united for an undisclosed fee .
the amount of money given to savers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , figures show .
st johnstone striker steven maclean has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
it has been a turbulent year for the scottish premiership .
luton missed the chance to go top of league two after being held to a draw by exeter at kenilworth road .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has retaken the iraqi city of mosul , in the wake of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a minute 's silence has been held in brussels to mark the 10th anniversary of the paris attacks .
a record number of dogs were seized by police in wales last year , figures obtained by the bbc show .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has confirmed it will hold talks with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
england captain graeme swann says his side 's one - day series victory over india will be the ` ` worst test in the world '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in banking and banking shares .
england manager gareth southgate says he has no plans to sign ivory coast striker wilfried zaha .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a park .
a stone stone stone stone stone -lrb- rock -rrb- stone stone stone stone -lrb- hill -rrb- has been branded ` ` ridiculous '' by residents .
all photographs Â © ed gold .
cornish pirates director of rugby andrew davies has criticised his side 's ` ` bridge '' after their cards defeat by cornish pirates .
scottish transport secretary derek mackay has said the closure of the forth road bridge is ` ` not essential '' .
the fire brigades union in england and wales has been criticised by the fire brigades union -lrb- fbu -rrb- .
a service service is to be held in wales for the first time in wales , the church has announced .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a $ 100 m -lrb- Â # 2.9 m -rrb- plan to save the world 's most extensive space telescope .
saudi arabia is one of the world 's most powerful and enigmatic countries .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb blast in the somali capital , mogadishu .
plans to build a centre centre in dumfries and galloway have been approved by the scottish government .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has been criticised for comments he made on social media .
the family of a british man who went missing after a night out in thailand have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
ballinamallard united are in talks with irish premiership side ballinamallard united to go top of the premiership .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain has been issued for parts of wales .
plans for a new city centre in leeds have been approved by the city council .
south korean film studio stars stars is one of the world 's most famous and controversial stars .
one of the world 's most famous bells , 7 , has been officially opened in the uk .
great britain will face hosts canada in the women 's hockey world league semi - finals .
a us engineer has been killed in a rocket crash in the us state of rhode , us officials say .
the world 's best teacher , the world 's best teacher , has won the top prize at the prestigious global teaching prize .
us entrepreneur elon musk has said he is ` ` very concerned '' about a massive rocket crash in south africa .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman at a care home in county antrim .
tributes have been paid to the victims of the west bengal national charity -lrb- cares -rrb- to mark the 40th anniversary of her death .
a misspelt error on the isle of man has been misspelt after a spelling error .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for a # 20 m fund to help elderly carers in the uk .
david haye and david haye have been knocked out of the uk 's fight against tony bellew in london on saturday .
two defibrillators have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in bristol .
ferrari driver sergio perez has announced he will retire from formula 1 at the end of the season .
a university student has been removed from a university campus after being removed from a university campus .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has met iranian president hassan rouhani to visit the country 's nuclear programme .
the international criminal court in the democratic republic of congo has sentenced a man to life in prison for crimes against humanity .
a 12-year - old boy has been found dead in the japanese city of japan , the bbc has learned .
singer barbra streisand is to star in a new album at the us box office .
a study has suggested that people living in a small area of aberdeen could be at the heart of a new study .
a syrian woman has been killed in a battle with kurdish fighters in northern syria , activists say .
police investigating the murder of a man whose remains were found in a cambridgeshire car park have made a fresh appeal for information .
scientists have developed a new method of detecting blood that can be used to treat cancer .
the star of the royal family has said he is ` ` very pleased '' about his return to the west end next year .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union could mean the uk should stay in the european union , according to a think tank .
canadian carmaker ontario has announced plans to invest $ 1bn -lrb- Â # province m -rrb- to develop a new plant in canada .
swedish artist kanye west has announced that he is to become the first grime artist in the world .
a motorcyclist who died in a crash on the isle of man has been named by police .
surrey 's bowlers made a solid start to the season on day two of the county championship division two match against surrey at taunton .
a child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in cardiff .
one of the world 's most famous joseph , joseph joseph , has died at the age of 97 .
the us department of justice has said it will pay $ 10 m -lrb- # korea m -rrb- to settle sanctions on its mobile phones in the us .
pope francis and pope francis have marked the 25th anniversary of the massacre of christians from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group .
a footballer has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match in hertfordshire was abandoned .
a prison in west yorkshire has become one of the most important jobs in the uk .
reading , reading , reading , reading , reading , reading , reading , reading and reading , a study suggests .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday , with the dow jones industrial average .
us president donald trump has paid a $ 1 m -lrb- # trump -rrb- payment of us president donald trump in the us .
a canadian hostage who was kidnapped in canada last year has been released , canada 's foreign minister says .
one of vietnam 's most popular social media users , bich bich , has been shot dead in vietnam .
labour leader ed miliband has accused the snp of being ` ` arrogant '' in the wake of the snp 's election win .
plans to build a new nuclear power plant in the vale of glamorgan have been rejected by the welsh government .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the force 's police force to help tackle child abuse .
scottish judo star stephanie inglis has been flown to hospital after being injured in a motorbike accident in thailand .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead in leeds .
nepal 's prime minister has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the couple of a couple who have been missing for more than a year .
the uk government has agreed a deal to build a new nuclear power plant at hinkley point in somerset .
former nottingham forest striker robert earnshaw says he has no regrets about becoming the best player in the world .
polling stations in england and wales have risen to the lowest level since records began , official figures show .
an inquest into the death of an elderly man at a north wales hospital is being investigated by the department of health .
a man has been charged with assaulting a dance dance theatre at a london theatre .
an ex - police officer who filmed himself filming a helicopter on a helicopter has been jailed for two years .
the us is to send more troops to afghanistan to help fight the fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the defence secretary has said .
great britain 's rob page won olympic gold in the women 's 10 m platform at the rio olympics .
police investigating the murder of a man who was found dead at a greater manchester hospital have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the case .
a man who was attacked by a gang of youths during a burglary at his home in londonderry has said he was ` ` shocked '' by the attack .
bromley extended their lead at the top of the national league with victory over bromley at grange lane .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former forest green rovers defender james davies on a two - year deal .
all photographs by olivia 19-year - old .
munster 's european champions cup quarter - final against munster is to be investigated by the rugby football union .
dundee moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over dundee at dens park .
one of the world 's most famous boar has been put up for sale .
papers from china and china are on the front pages of the papers on china 's papers .
on a beach in the tunisian resort of sousse , the beach resort of sousse has been the scene of a beach in tunisia .
construction work has begun on the construction of a controversial oil pipeline in the us state of pennsylvania .
west brom manager tony pulis says the premier league title race is the best in the premier league .
the editor of the daily telegraph , mike miller , is to be investigated over allegations he made about gina miller , the bbc has learned .
a new system for the nhs in england is to be delayed by the end of next year , the first minister has said .
the use of physical punishment for children in scotland has more than doubled in the past decade , a report has found .
a british man has been sentenced to five years in prison for the manslaughter of two british tourists who went missing on the island of crete .
in the middle of the middle east , the mediterranean region of iraq and the levant -lrb- states -rrb- , the middle east , is one of the most fundamental countries in the world .
the family of a pakistani student who went missing in pakistan say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the death of his family .
a mother accused of murdering her daughter 's daughter has told a court she was ` ` devastated '' by her daughter 's death .
an inquest into the death of a man who was hit by a car on the m1 has been reprimanded by an inquest .
a row has broken out over plans for a new grade ii - listed church in gwynedd .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was killed in a crash .
the national society of wales -lrb- nts -rrb- has launched a project to encourage young people to use their own skills .
a woman from edinburgh has become the first in the uk to become the first in the uk to have a baby .
craig shakespeare has been sacked as leicester city manager following the club 's relegation from the premier league .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of mp jo cox , who died in the grenfell tower fire .
a new exhibition has opened in israel to mark the 70th anniversary of the holocaust 's holocaust .
two people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in force , county antrim .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not seek to cut the republican presidential nomination if he wins the presidential election .
perth and perth have launched a campaign to raise money for shoppers in perth and perth .
indonesia 's national electoral council -lrb- yudhoyono -rrb- has won an outright majority in the country 's presidential election .
fifa president sepp blatter says he will not resign as president of world governing body fifa .
a judge in the german city of cologne has gone on trial accused of trying to murder a police officer in the capital , quito .
police in south africa have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in south africa .
wigan 's hopes of reaching the league one play - offs suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at wigan .
wasps maintained their 100 % start to the premiership season with a narrow win over wasps at twickenham .
millwall missed the chance to go top of league one as they were held to a goalless draw by millwall .
a man has been remanded in custody after being arrested in connection with the theft of a electronic tag in county antrim .
alpine skiing world champion lindsey vonn won her first world cup downhill gold medal at the world cup in austria .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not be ` ` weekly '' and ` ` weekly '' if he wins the general election .
former yorkshire fast bowler born appleyard has died at the age of 83 .
the delayed timetable for the forth road bridge will not be delayed until next year , the scottish government has said .
new manager ryan christie has called on young footballers to be given the chance to play in the scottish premiership .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most memorable moments of the year .
the number of young people applying for university places in england and wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to official figures .
a police officer accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he did not think he was the victim of a police officer .
statement statement , one of the uk 's most popular musicians , has died at the age of 74 .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi is one of the most notorious criminals in the world .
two people have been taken to hospital after a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
yorkshire made it two wins from two in the one - day cup with a close victory over durham at headingley .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in south africa .
it 's been a turbulent year for argentina 's president mauricio macri .
the number of people who use prescriptions in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , figures show .
a cross - party group of mps has called for the uk to leave the european union .
more than a third of babies in the uk are suffering from respiratory disorders , according to a new report .
england 's england and wales cricket board will not play in bangladesh this summer , the european central bank has said .
the family of a woman who died at a mental health trust in hampshire have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
britain 's matthews matthews won the tour de france with a sprint finish on the final stage of the tour de france .
a giant moon in the moon has opened in bristol .
a new project has been launched to find more than 1,000 tonnes of radioactive material from the world 's largest nuclear power station .
the authorities in honduras say they have reached a deal with the government to tackle violence in the country .
a parade has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
ambulance service ambulance service -lrb- emas -rrb- has recorded a record number of ambulance calls in the past year , figures show .
malaysia 's prime minister najib razak has accused the malaysian government of misleading the financing of the malaysian prime minister najib razak .
ukraine 's national security agency -lrb- cyber - security -rrb- has said it is investigating a series of attacks on the national security agency -lrb- sbu -rrb- .
it 's been a year since margaret thatcher was elected prime minister .
ivory coast 's cheick tiote has died at the age of 37 , his family has said .
plans for a new base in the western isles have been submitted to the scottish government .
gigginstown gigginstown won the grand national at aintree to become the first horse to win the grand national at aintree .
the amount of money they receive in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
a former blackpool fan has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of misconduct .
it 's been a turbulent year for the general election campaign .
britain 's roberto martinez won olympic gold in the men 's martinez kg weightlifting title in rio .
england manager roy hodgson says he is not worried about his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against russia in lens .
the national eisteddfod is to be held in ceredigion , the county council has confirmed .
more than half of baby mothers in wales are at risk of being born , according to a new report .
the first minister has said he is ` ` very disappointed '' about the future of the scottish parliament .
the bbc has confirmed it is shutting down its top gear top gear , the bbc has learned .
us president donald trump has signed an executive meeting with us president donald trump to discuss the threat of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
canada 's supreme court has ruled that canada 's former citizenship chief , act mr . ,   has been stripped of his citizenship .
security experts have found a way to fix a security flaw in the us .
cuban president raul castro has called for a change to the country 's economy , after the country 's supreme court rejected a government u - turn .
the battle to save the lives of civilians in the iraqi city of mosul has risen to the lowest level in the country 's history .
police officers in england and wales will be able to use cameras on cameras in a bid to stop crime cameras .
the chairman of the bbc trust , lord patten , has told the bbc he is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the bbc trust .
the head teacher of a birmingham primary school has said it is ` ` extremely troubling '' by the government 's handling of the ` ` trojan horse '' scandal .
the italian government has declared a state of emergency in the wake of the earthquake that killed more than 100 people in the italian city of l'aquila .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in north london .
david cole , who has died at the age of 93 , has died at the age of 93 .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has accused the conservatives of ` ` pledged '' over the uk 's exit from the european union .
german chancellor angela merkel has accused german chancellor angela merkel of leaking his phone on the german government .
two men have been arrested in connection with the theft of two men in the six area of glasgow .
a woman who was diagnosed with leukaemia after being diagnosed with leukaemia has been given a lifetime medal for her life .
safety concerns have been raised over the death of a scottish oil worker who had been working for more than a week .
thousands of people have been displaced by typhoon haiyan in the philippines in the philippines .
more than a million people in the uk voted to leave the european union , a group of academics has said .
macedonia 's president justin trudeau has said he is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the government 's crackdown on corruption in the country .
david cameron has been appointed as the new leader of the house of lords .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
a kenyan woman has told the bbc how she was raped by a mob in the kenyan capital , nairobi .
west indies batsman chris gayle has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the england and wales cricket board for comments he made on social media .
the european commission president has called for the uk to adopt a plan to limit the impact of the uk leaving the eu .
leigh centurions maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a jesse win over castleford tigers .
sunderland ladies have signed sunderland striker beth mead on a season - long loan deal .
shares in chinese conglomerate hna have fallen sharply after the firm reported a sharp fall in shares in the chinese stock market .
the chief executive of turing pharmaceuticals , the world 's biggest drug manufacturer , has cut its price for the first time in more than two years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was struck by a car in off - duty , county antrim .
universities across the world have been named as the world 's top universities at the university of oxford .
crystal palace striker wilfried zaha has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the death of his duke and duchess of cambridge .
japan 's economy grew at an annual pace of 2.3 % in the first three months of the year .
boris johnson has told the bbc that the uk 's decision to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- could be sold .
asian shares were mostly higher on tuesday as investors reacted to the latest meeting with the us federal reserve .
a woman who died in a crash on the a90 in aberdeenshire has been named by police .
british fighter marcus di yafai won his first professional title with a unanimous points win over yafai yafai in birmingham .
the family of a man killed in the tunisian beach attack have paid tribute to him .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says wales coach warren gatland will be interested in replacing wales coach warren gatland .
the box office in the us box office has topped the uk box office for its second week in a row .
british number one aljaz bedene beat defending champion novak djokovic to reach the third round of the french open .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who died in the turkish town of gaziantep in the turkish city of gaziantep have told the bbc that the family of a seven - year - old boy who was killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in turkey last week .
the british medical association says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the nhs in england .
it 's been a year since the internet went viral online .
dundee united moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over dundee united .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has announced plans to host the first day - night test in england .
australia has agreed to resume imports of cattle from cattle to china , the australian government has said .
a hospital worker who was left in a coma after being admitted to hospital in suffolk has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the local authority .
serena williams is the most physically female tennis player in history , according to a leading female tennis player .
a statue has been unveiled in memory of a man who died after falling from cliffs in devon .
it was one of the biggest sporting greats in world football .
the mother of a woman who died in the grenfell tower fire has spoken of the ` ` panic '' of her life .
at least two people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a magnitude 6.9 earthquake in southern china , officials say .
more than 30 cars have been deliberately hit by a huge fire in the german city of vauxhall .
arsenal will face west brom in the first round of the fa cup for the first time this season .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to build a new army base in germany .
the editor of the london tower of commons has said he is ` ` very excited '' about the future of the grenfell tower fire .
the leader of the malaysian capital , kuala lumpur , has called on the malaysian government to fund an investigation into the state of malaysia 's prime minister najib razak .
the royal navy 's new nuclear submarine has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
the driver of the bin lorry that crashed in glasgow killing six people has told a court he did not know the accident , an inquiry has heard .
premiership champions saracens have signed prop greg clark from saracens for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
world number one mark selby has been knocked out of the uk open in the first round of the uk championship .
warwickshire maintained their grip on the one - day cup quarter - finals with a holders win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
league one strugglers blackpool moved to within a point of the league one relegation zone with victory at 10-man gillingham .
american lindsey vonn won the downhill world cup downhill title with victory in the american alpine skiing world cup .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a ferry in the isle of man .
thousands of people have been left without power in parts of wales as storm doris battered parts of wales .
conservative mp john black has been named as the new mp of the year for june .
donald trump has been named as the first female president of the united states .
a man arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
a man who posed as a 14-year - old girl in a shopping centre in kent has been jailed for two years .
in the early hours of the somebody somebody in eastern ukraine , a small town in the eastern ukrainian city of somebody , in the eastern ukrainian town of somebody .
all pictures are copyrighted .
wycombe moved into the league two play - off places with a comfortable win at wycombe .
wales scrum - half rhys webb has been named wales ' player of the year by the welsh rugby union .
doncaster rovers moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over doncaster rovers .
graeme mcdowell is one shot off the lead after the second round of the open championship at royal troon .
the number of patients waiting for treatment for heart surgery in wales is ` ` not good enough '' , the chief medical officer for wales has said .
one of the world 's leading technology experts has told the bbc that the world 's first artificial intelligence system could be at risk .
storm doris has been hit by a storm in the iraqi capital , baghdad .
the search for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been found in the mediterranean ocean , officials say .
barcelona have signed barcelona forward ousmane dembele for an undisclosed fee on a five - year deal .
the us supreme court has passed a bill that would introduce a ban on the sale of children in the uk .
russia 's parliament has approved a new law that would allow russia to hold a new law on russia 's crimea region .
bbc radio ulster broadcaster gerry anderson has died at the age of 83 .
a collection of more than 1,000 drawings has been collected at a scottish fishing gallery .
t in the park music festival will be held in glasgow later this year , it has been announced .
first minister carwyn jones has called for a ban on drug addicts in a bid to tackle drug addiction .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union is likely to be worse than expected .
manchester united have completed the signing of manchester united striker paul scholes for an undisclosed fee .
the northern ireland assembly has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about allegations of child sexual exploitation in northern ireland .
a woman accused of murdering her ex - boyfriend has been cleared of her murder .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in cardiff to mark the 30th anniversary of the rugby world cup .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in aberdeen .
a texas man has won the scripps national spelling bee -lrb- battled -rrb- for the first time .
a new documentary about mental health and mental health issues has been released by actor alan johnson .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called on the us government to impose sanctions on president nicolas maduro .
one of the most popular books in the uk is to go on sale in the uk .
a new virtual reality tour of nottingham has been officially opened to the public .
the trial of anni dewani , who was cleared of murdering anni dewani , has been thrown out of court .
charlie austin has said he wants to leave the european union to leave the european union .
the us federal reserve has decided to raise interest rates for the us economy .
the national rugby union -lrb- rfu -rrb- has signed a new three - year deal with the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- .
at least 20 people have been killed in a fire at a factory in bangladesh 's capital dhaka , officials say .
the inquiry into child abuse in children 's homes in northern ireland is to be investigated by the scottish government .
the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- leader mike nesbitt has said his party 's decision to quit the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- was ` ` a joke '' .
a train in germany has been killed in an attack in the german city of cologne .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for driving his driving licence .
an inquiry has been launched into the conduct of an inquiry into the alleged abuse of a children 's home in jersey .
one of the world 's most famous toy robots , hugo romney , has died at the age of 74 .
hundreds of jobs are to go at a plant in ballymena , county antrim , in the wake of the collapse of the plant in county antrim .
a former president of burundi , tensions haberisoni , has been shot dead in the capital , bujumbura , police say .
rock group duran duran have filed a lawsuit against a group of members of the band 's fan group .
ben affleck has won the top prize at the golden globes at the oscars .
former motherwell manager mark mcghee has been named as the new manager of motherwell .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in sunderland .
raith rovers have signed former dunfermline athletic midfielder lee johnston on a two - year contract .
the chairman of the uk 's biggest online ticket group has warned that the uk 's ticket industry is ` ` on the verge of ticket prices '' .
an isle of man isle of man has been forced to return to the isle of man after being stranded in the isle of man .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the m1 in county fermanagh .
police in india have said they are investigating claims that two of its customers have been arrested in connection with an alleged breach of data .
iraqi prime minister nouri maliki has been sworn in as prime minister .
german police have arrested four people in connection with a series of co - ordinated attacks on women in cologne , germany .
the world chess championship -lrb- event -rrb- has won the world 's biggest sporting competition in new york .
venezuela 's supreme court has ruled that the country 's president , nicolas maduro , has been barred from office .
the number of people registered to vote in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , the electoral commission says .
the uk 's biggest mobile phone operator , the uk 's biggest mobile phone operator , has rejected a decision by the european court of justice .
scotland 's first minister has told the bbc that the uk should remain in the european union if the uk leaves the european union .
portugal 's prime minister passos coelho has been knocked out of the presidential election , the government says .
a group of parents from india 's poorest state of uttar pradesh say they are worried about the dangers of ` ` ask '' .
former ivory coast defender duarte duarte has been named in france 's squad for the africa cup of nations in gabon .
it 's been a turbulent year for bbc sports personality of the year so far .
plans to build a new primary school in sheffield have been approved by the city council .
the isle of man has been named as the new police and crime commissioner for scotland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most powerful women .
derby county boss martin martin says his side 's first championship win of the season was a ` ` massive achievement '' .
hundreds of people have taken part in a charity to raise money for a rare lake trail in the lake district .
residents of the brazilian city of rio de janeiro 's shanty city of rio de janeiro have announced plans to build a new stadium in the city .
jayaram jayalalitha was one of india 's most flamboyant politicians .
german dairy giant muller has agreed to sell the uk 's biggest dairy company , dairies , for $ operation -lrb- # dairy -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his wife .
a major road has been closed in parts of scotland after a road hit the highlands .
somalia is to become the first african nation to join the militant islamist group al - shabab , the defence ministry says .
it 's a tale of boiler , boiler and boiler .
venezuela ibarguen became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
the prime minister has called for mps to be given the right to vote on whether parliament should be allowed to vote in parliament .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets fell on friday as investors reacted to the latest figures from the us federal reserve .
kim kardashian , the leader of north korean leader kim jong - un , has died at the age of 74 .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against wales on saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
the british and irish lions will be celebrating the 30th anniversary of the british and irish lions .
great britain 's men won gold in the men 's singles final at the world championships in london .
a court in burkina faso has rejected a request by former burkina faso leader thomas sankara to appear in court in burkina faso .
the chinese government has agreed to buy a $ 1bn -lrb- Â # go - ahead bn -rrb- deal to buy the world 's largest oil refinery in china .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has said there is no tickets for northern ireland fans attending tickets for euro 2016 .
a flintshire man has been given a suspended prison sentence for the attempted murder of a shopkeeper in flintshire .
a man has admitted causing the death of a woman who died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
the family of a man killed in a car crash in los angeles have filed a lawsuit against the driver who killed him .
warwickshire captain ian bell is to retire from cricket at the end of the season .
the mother of pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai is to be awarded the freedom of the city of birmingham .
two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in belfast .
a school has apologised after an attack on a school in blackpool was posted on social media .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in northern ireland for the first time .
partick thistle extended their lead at the top of the premiership with victory over partick thistle .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it will pay $ lender -lrb- # lender -rrb- for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis .
a rare bird of prey in the isle of man has been spotted on the isle of wight .
