the chief executive of the pompey football club , michael brown , has said he will vote on the future of the club 's board .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by careless driving .
mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to travel to the republic of ireland for the first time in more than 30 years .
it was one of the biggest sporting greats in world football .
england women 's coach tom tierney has named an unchanged side for saturday 's six nations game against england at twickenham .
a mumbai shopkeeper who was attacked by a masked man in mumbai 's capital delhi has told the bbc he is ` ` devastated '' by the attack .
lego , the danish artist who owns lego for lego , has been criticised by chinese artist lego .
a category house has been destroyed in a fire at a house in kent .
donald trump has been elected as the new president of the united states .
a passenger passenger has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
one of scotland 's biggest arts organisations , equity restrictions , is to step down after five years in the job .
a painting by francis bacon is to be sold at auction for # works .
the uk supreme court has rejected an appeal by the supreme court to overturn the case of two men jailed for the murders of two british men .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to build a new base in the isle of wight .
a woman who died after being hit by a car in swansea has been named by police .
plans to close a derby swimming pool have been rejected by the city council .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has called on the government to lift its ban on the country 's security sector .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group say they have agreed to end peace talks with the farc rebel group .
former england striker darren campbell has been named as the new manager of the fa cup .
the number of adoption adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
thousands of children in england are being asked to visit their christmas day as part of a four - day christmas day .
it 's been a year since apple 's new apple chief was released by the bbc .
us president barack obama has met the white house , the white house , to pay tribute to the white house .
a committee of mps has called on the government to change its stance on tackling extremism in the uk .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman in belfast .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer .
work has begun on a new # 3 m library in flintshire .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says the club 's dominance of the season is the best player in the world .
tunisia 's prime minister has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital , tunis .
at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
a west yorkshire school has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in devon .
leicester tigers director of rugby jim murphy says his side are capable of winning their first premiership title of the season .
one of india 's most famous restaurants is one of the most famous restaurants in the world .
the government has been accused of failing to pay compensation for charges of fraud and fraud in england and wales .
manchester city midfielder danny walker has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a gene that could be linked to male genital mutilation .
it 's one of the most famous people in the world .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new contract to stay with the club until 2019 .
former hearts striker jon daly says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
work has started on a # 6 m building to transform a former victorian college in reading .
a police force has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the force 's police force to help tackle child abuse .
a council has called for an investigation into the deaths of lifeguards at camber sands in east sussex .
the uk government is to review the government 's plan to cut air pollution in the uk .
the university of edinburgh has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that a number of people at the university of edinburgh will be cancelled .
cecil the lion , cecil the lion in zimbabwe , has been shot dead by poachers in the us state of south africa .
campaigners in the european union have backed a petition calling for an end to the controversial eu - us trade deal with the european union .
new zealand captain alastair cook made his first century of the season to help his side earn a first - innings lead against division two leaders essex .
a cat has died after being hit by a cat in leicestershire .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people suspected of taking part in the country 's most popular city .
the first minister has accused the uk government of ` ` trigger '' over the uk 's departure from the european union .
two players have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's premier league title hopes were a ` ` huge mistake '' in the premier league title race .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a police force has apologised after a woman was found dead at a beach in cornwall .
the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the west midlands is to return to the west end next year .
a mother and her baby son have been killed in a house fire in northumberland .
a man has gone on trial accused of the murder of a man at a glasgow primary school .
the body of a man whose body was found in a suitcase in the uk has been identified by scientists .
british and irish lions wing george north has been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to do more to protect eu citizens from the european union .
the us department of justice has ordered us president donald trump 's order to ban immigration in the us .
warwickshire maintained their grip on the one - day cup quarter - finals with a holders win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
a man has pleaded guilty to assaulting a worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
hyundai manufacturer hyundai has announced that it is ending a new $ 150 m -lrb- Â # leave -rrb- deal to end the country 's biggest financial crisis .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
at least 11 people have been killed in an explosion at a factory in the portuguese capital , portuguese , officials say .
dozens of people have been evacuated in chile after a fire broke out in chile .
the deputy first minister , gordon gordon , has been appointed as the new head of the northern ireland assembly .
one of the most famous pyramid in the world has been found on the surface of the main capital , cairo , officials say .
the bodies of two of the disappeared victims have been found in the republic of ireland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , broadcaster and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on the bbc 's crimewatch programme .
a flintshire councillor has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of misconduct .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to change the country 's first mountain border .
the mexican football federation -lrb- insult -rrb- says it is ` ` disappointed '' by mexico 's friendly against mexico at the confederations cup .
andre gray scored twice as leicester beat sheffield wednesday to go top of the premier league table .
captain sam warburton says wales will be ready for the world cup semi - final against new zealand in auckland on saturday .
a new choir is to be held in gloucester cathedral for the first time in more than 40 years .
houghton houghton , one of the most famous players in the world cup , has been celebrated in the republic of ireland .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against wales on saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges , eddie hearn , is one of the world 's biggest bitcoin exchanges .
former yeovil town captain michael howard has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
hassan hassan has become one of the most famous men in the world .
a court in brazil has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder of a woman in the capital , brasilia .
ben stokes and alex hales have been named in england 's one - day squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
police and police officers in england and wales could be forced to operate on public buildings under plans being considered by the police federation .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a house in sussex .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in east london .
the metropolitan police has said it will investigate allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against sir bernard hogan - howe .
north korean leader kim jong - un has been arrested in north korea , south korea 's supreme court has said .
hartlepool boosted their league two play - off hopes with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
a new training plan for northern ireland 's first training training training centre in northern ireland has been unveiled .
partick thistle manager david osman says he has no intention of staying in the premier league .
boris johnson is one of the most influential politicians in the world .
a court in turkey has sentenced a woman to life in prison in connection with the death of a journalist .
ivory coast scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria to move into the semi - finals of the champions league .
electronics giant apple has reported a record profit of $ maker -lrb- # taiwanese -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has won a court case that could see some of the uk 's biggest employers will be allowed to travel to work .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a waste recycling site in aberdeen .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a bill to legalise abortion laws .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest sporting events in the world .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man who was found with head injuries .
fifa president michel platini has called for a boycott of the bidding process to become fifa president .
a convicted murderer who was convicted of trying to sue the west midlands prison is to appeal against his sentence .
us president barack obama has called on the us to cope with the crisis in syria .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- is to host the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- to host the 2026 africa cup of nations .
russian president vladimir putin has been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the international paralympic committee has ruled .
world number one mark selby beat world number one ding junhui to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
disney has said it will not allow the release of a new instalment of the disney film , which has been blocked by censors in malaysia .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the british grand prix as lewis hamilton was knocked out of the race .
the authorities in the venezuelan capital , madrid , have begun a series of measures aimed at ending a series of anti - government protests .
former world heavyweight champion tyson fury says he wants to compete at the world boxing championships in las vegas .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has been found guilty of sexual activity with a child .
activity in the uk 's service sector continued to grow , according to a closely watched survey .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in nottingham .
voters in the republic of ireland are being urged to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum on eu membership .
a # 35 m refurbishment of the theatre is to be restored to the public as part of a # 3.5 m refurbishment .
nigeria 's capital , addis ababa , has been forced to close its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
wrexham have signed striker shaun harvey from national league rivals torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been arrested in connection with an arson attack on a mosque in the us state of kansas .
the publisher of the daily telegraph , johnston , is to close its print newspaper , the company has announced .
the number of people living in the uk in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the world 's most famous tennis player , frances leah , has been born at wimbledon .
a commission snake has been found in the back of a snake in florida , florida .
scotland 's first minister has told the bbc that the uk should remain in the european union if the uk leaves the european union .
a mother and her partner have been cleared of manslaughter after a mother was killed in a bath .
lord alderdice has told the house of lords that the house of lords would be ` ` wrong '' in the house of lords .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has confirmed kilmarnock captain lee clark will be fit for the rest of the season .
china 's economy grew by 6.7 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
it 's been a year since thailand 's longest beach arrived in the southern indian city of thailand .
the united nations has become the first country in the world to be the next president of the united nations .
the number of seals born in the north sea has fallen to its lowest level since records began , the national trust has said .
a gay woman has been barred from entering the us state of kentucky after refusing to withdraw her licences .
north korea says it has successfully tested an intercontinental ballistic missile -lrb- icbm -rrb- , according to reports .
northern ireland 's liam donnelly has been knocked out of the olympic games after being knocked out in the men 's flyweight final at rio 2016 .
pop star kylie baker has launched a video video about mental health problems in the wake of mental health problems .
police in australia have arrested three young women from joining islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
the mother of a woman who died in the grenfell tower fire has spoken of the ` ` panic '' of her life .
two us military personnel have been killed in a missile crash in yemen , the united arab emirates has said .
one of the world 's most endangered animal species , francis francis , has announced that it is shutting down a new species of endangered species .
fertility campaigners have called for the introduction of ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
a child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in cardiff .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson has been appointed as the new manager of the premier league club .
the high court has failed to overturn a legal challenge over the legality of air pollution in the uk .
an australian woman has been found dead in an indonesian coffee restaurant , police say .
one of the world 's most important domesticated trees , the specimens , has died at the age of 87 .
thousands of litres of water at a former shopping centre in bristol have been told to stay indoors .
a fire firm has apologised after a fire broke out at a house in london .
a new # 40 m hospital in taunton has been given the go - ahead by the government .
donegal will face donegal in sunday 's ulster sfc final at croke park on saturday .
sinn féin 's michelle seeley has said she is ` ` shocked and saddened '' by sinn féin 's michelle seeley .
a dog had a lucky escape after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt , police said .
a stretch of the m74 motorway in glasgow has been cleared of causing delays by the scottish government .
a report into allegations of sexual abuse at a pembrokeshire council is being investigated by pembrokeshire council .
the snp 's david cameron has said the scottish parliament would be ` ` produce '' in the wake of the westminster election .
hearts have signed striker bjorn johnsen from hearts for an undisclosed fee .
all pictures are copyrighted .
great britain 's eilidh doyle won olympic gold in the men 's 4x400 m relay at the world championships in london .
the number of people with mental health problems in england has risen by almost a fifth in the past year , official figures show .
more than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in the northern indian city of mostly .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has said there is no tickets for northern ireland fans attending tickets for euro 2016 .
glamorgan fast bowler timm van der gugten has been ruled out of the county championship season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in coleraine .
former manchester united and netherlands legend johan cruyff has died at the age of 72 .
louis van gaal has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
one of tanzania 's most prominent gay clerics has called for a ban on gay people in tanzania .
at least two people have been killed in a shooting at a police station in the german city of cologne .
plans to build a thames building in oxford have been given the go - ahead by the city council .
one of the most famous movies in the uk is to be turned into a new film .
two brothers have gone on trial in syria accused of taking part in a plot to raise money for his wife .
a man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery in edinburgh .
three men have been charged in connection with a series of sex offences in lincoln .
in the wake of the death of thomas cook , the chief executive of thomas cook , the chief executive of thomas cook , has told the bbc .
if you want to know about the monaco grand prix ?
hearts director of football craig levein says he is not surprised by the club 's director of football craig levein .
british number one heather watson reached the second round of the british open with a straight - set win over british number two naomi broady .
star wars actor chris woodley has won the top prize at the golden globes in los angeles .
sir terry pratchett is to return to the west end next year , the bbc has announced .
judges writer judges judges has won the 2016 nobel prize for fiction for the first time .
japan 's 24-year - old japan won olympic gold in the women 's champion world championships in shanghai .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
one of the uk 's most famous graham , graham , has been put up for sale .
hungary is the world 's most northerly country .
a group of ukip am has written to the party 's ruling calling for a boycott of the party 's leadership contest .
four - time olympic champion mo farah set a new world record for the first time in the world championships in birmingham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the mental health of the world .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the killing of a british man in the capital , jamal , police say .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has said he will not stand in the us presidential election .
a newborn baby has been found on a bus in conwy county .
wales ' nathan cleverly says he will fight juergen braehmer for the wba world welterweight title in germany .
a police officer has been arrested after police found petrol bombs was thrown at a petrol station in londonderry .
a new visitor centre in nottingham has been given the go - ahead by the county council .
actress keira knightley has been named as the new star of the new york theatre .
the greek government has rejected a request from the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- to discuss the release of the country 's president , george clooney .
a man accused of sexually abusing children in birmingham has told a court she did not know she was going to die , a court heard .
south africa have appointed russell domingo as their new head coach .
leinster prop cian morris has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not be ` ` weekly '' and ` ` weekly '' if he wins the general election .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of south africa 's capital , harare .
