With the confirmation of Danilo's summer switch to Real Madrid, Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Jose Mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 Champions League with the Portuguese club . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez. In a deal typical of how Porto operate, Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Argentinian side Banfield before being sold on to wealthy Europeans Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price. It is a sustainable model which clearly works. Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line . James scores against Manchester City playing for Porto at the Etihad Stadium in 2012 . Porto have reached the last eight of this year's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004. They have progressed past the Champions League group stages in seven of the past 10 seasons and also won the Europa League in 2011. Brazil international right back Danilo may be on his way but there are sure to be more to come off a production line that includes Pepe, Joao Moutinho and Hulk. Colombian international striker Jackson Martinez is another who could move on in the summer with Arsenal among those keeping tabs. *Based on exchange rates as of April 2, 2015 . **Porto received 55.6 per cent of transfer fee . ***Porto received 80 per cent of transfer fee .
A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago. Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain for the election. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0. Former Eurovision contestant Ronnie Carroll (pictured with his second wife June Paul) has died aged 80, just two days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper . An Electoral Commission spokesperson told The Sun Mr Carroll could still potentially win, although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself. Mr Carroll was on the statement of nominations as 'The Eurovisionary Carroll'. Sophy Dury and Bill Dury were listed as nominees for his candidacy. He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest, making him the only Briton to compete two years running. The seat is the most marginal in England, won by Labour's Glenda Jackson by just 42 votes in 2010. Mr Carroll's fame peaked in the 1950s and 60s, when he dated a string of women and raised hell with Sean Connery . Mr Carroll came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests, with the songs Ring-a-Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively. He fame peaked in the 1950s and 60s, when he dated a string of women and raised hell with Sean Connery,The Guardian reported. Nominations closed on April 9. Tulip Siddiq is bidding to hold the seat for Labour, Simon Marcus is running for the Conservatives, Maajid Nawaz for the Liberal Democrats, Magnus Nielson for Ukip, Rebecca Johnson for the Greens, and Robin Charles Ellison for the U Party.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association but it is as chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered. Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware. Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter passed away on Thursday. He was 87 . Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association . 'Everton Football Club is deeply saddened to announce that Sir Philip Carter has passed away,' read an Everton statement. 'Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness. 'He served Everton with immense distinction over three spells. 'At this time it would be appreciated if everyone can please respect the family's wish for privacy.' Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip, who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008. Bill Kenwright said Carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for . 'Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian,' Kenwright said. 'Sir Philip was simply a giant...a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for. I never once met him without calling him Chairman. I never will. 'That title was his by right. He will always have a major place in our great club's history. To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life.' Bill Kenwright, Chairman of Everton Football Club, said: 'Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian. Sir Philip was simply a giant...a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for. I never once met him without calling him Chairman. I never will. That title was his by right. He will always have a major place in our great club's history. To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life.' Roberto Martinez, Manager of Everton Football Club, said: 'This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian. Sir Philip was an incredible custodian of the Club, a pure gentleman and a man I feel really fortunate to have met, for I learnt much about the essence of Everton from him. From my earliest days here, I was able to sit down and chat with Sir Philip at Finch Farm. He was generous with his time and with his recollection of so many of the experiences he went through as Chairman. Some of those moments had been extremely difficult but, ultimately, his guiding hand contributed to some of the Club's greatest successes and, for me personally, the conversations we shared will always give me guidance in terms of the future that we are trying to build for Everton. 'As a man, he was an example for every Evertonian. He took pride in all aspects of our Club, he loved the community in which we are rooted and he was an Evertonian through and through. I got a real sense and understanding of Everton from the time I was able to spend with him and I am especially grateful for this. He will forever be part of the history of this great Club.' Robert Elstone, Chief Executive of Everton Football Club, said: 'In the last few hours, the world of football has been moved to express great sadness, great admiration and, above all else, great respect for Sir Philip Carter. In such a short space of time, the number of people who have been moved to contact me, and the Club, and the depth of feelings expressed, sums up the great man. One text reads, "true gentlemen and the perfect embodiment of the values of Everton". They are right. 'Sir Philip was part of a small family of highly respected and universally loved 'football men'; a man who shaped the Game, a man who shaped Everton, and a man who, over the past year, almost everyone I have met has asked about. 'On a personal level, he was a mentor, a confidant, a voice of reason but more than all of that, with his amazing wife, a great friend. Sir Philip left a lasting impression on anyone who entered the Everton Boardroom. He will leave one on me.' Denise Barrett-Baxendale, Chief Executive of Everton In The Community and Deputy Chief Executive of Everton Football Club, said: 'Today is an unbelievably sad day for everybody at Everton Football Club and for everybody at Everton In The Community. Sir Philip was the ultimate community man - a gentleman, a people's man, someone with wisdom, character, distinction and strong, abiding principles. What he did for this Club, this city, this community, this country has left a lasting legacy. But today we feel bereft. Our thoughts are with his family - the incredible Lady Rita, his children and grandchildren. We are all devastated by his passing.'
The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction. Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name, data from the Office of National Statistics shows. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000. All in a name: Others suggest that Gary Lineker, left, or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off . Helped by the popularity of actor Gary Cooper, there was a surge in  Garys  born in the US in the early 1950s. There was even a trend of girls being given the name. The name peaked in Britain roughly decade later. In 1964, it was ranked 16th most popular. Since then, there has been a fall in the number of Garys. It is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out completely. Fall from grace: Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter, pictured, for the name's declining popularity . There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker, or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off the name. But others point to Britain's most notorious Gary, paedophile pop star Glitter, who was jailed for 16 years for a string of sex attacks on girls, as the reason behind the name's fall from grace. Speaking to the Sun, Gary Davis, from south London, said: 'Gary Glitter has obviously done us no favours.' Between 1996 and 2013, unusual names such as Dexter (there were 1,019 born in 2013), Jenson (1,055) and Harley (1,275) all climbed in popularity to break the top 100. Meanwhile, the country went from having no girls called Harper - the name given to David and Victoria Beckham's daughter - to hundreds. Nearly 200 were born in 2013. Other names inspired by famous faces including Rihanna (60 born in 2013), Hermione (77) and Paris (107) were also more popular than humble Gary. Data from last year shows a surge in Arabic names in the UK, with Omar, Ali and Ibrahim all entering the boys’ top 100 for the first time. For girls, Maryam has shot up 59 places to number 35, while Nur is a new entry in the girls’ top 100, jumping straight to number 29. And Muhammad has risen an astonishing 27 places compared to last year to claim the number-one spot for boys. Sophia was the top name for baby girls but the year’s biggest riser within the girls’ top 100 was Maryam, while the highest new entries were Nur, Emilia and Gracie. For baby boys, Teddy was the biggest climber within the top 100. The highest new entry was Kian. Popular: Between 1996 and 2013 country went from having no baby girls called Harper - the name given to David and Victoria Beckham's daughter - to hundreds. Above, Harper with her brothers and father last month . GIRLS . Alpha - Alpha may be the first letter in the Greek alphabet, but it’s one of the last names modern parents consider for their baby girls. Not so in 1880, the first year baby name records were kept in the US, when Alpha was Number 301. It dropped off the Top 1000 in 1944 and is about to disappear for good. Barbra - Singer Barbra Streisand made her unusually-spelled, condensed name famous in the 1960s, when it peaked at Number 511, only to drop off in the Top 1000 in 1971. Barbara, a Top 10 name for three decades, hangs on in the Top 1000, but Barbra is about to vanish. Claudine - This feminization of the ancient Roman name Claudius ranked in the Top 1000 for first half of the 20th century, then blipped to a new height in 1970 on the popularity of singer Claudine Longet, only to fall off the charts in 1975. Claudine along with most other once-popular –ine and –een-ending girls’ names are now out of favor. Nanette - Nanette ranked among the Top 1000 until 77, peaking in 1956. But today, most parents say no to Nanette. Sheba - Sheba is the short form of the Biblical Bathsheba, disappearing from view with only five baby girls named Sheba in the US in 2013. Sondra - Sandra’s exotic sister Sondra ranked in the Top 1000 from the 1920s through the 80s, peaking in 1939. But the devastating Hurricane Sandy took a lot of wind out of all forms of this name, given to only five girls in 2013. Thisbe -Thisbe was never ranked in the Top 1000, but this ancient mythological name – she was a doomed young lover whose tale inspired Romeo & Juliet – is about to vanish from the modern lexicon. Zelma - Zelma nearly broke the Top 200 in 1902 but fell off the list in 1955. Selma, Thelma, and even Velma, might be hanging on by the tips of their antiquated fingernails, but Zelma is about to lose her grip on modern usage. BOYS . Elmo - Just over a century ago, this short form of Guglielmo, the Italian form of William, stood at a respectable Number 247, hanging in there until the 1950s, when it disappeared from view. Any hope of revival was shattered by the ticklish toy from SesameStreet. Icarus - A dramatic Greek mythological name, Icarus is known for flying too close to the sun with dire consequences. His name has never broken into the national Top 1000, probably due his rash reputation and the icky sound of the first syllable of his name. Inigo - Inigo is another name that’s never ranked here, though it’s admired enough on Nameberry to make it Number 261. It’s the medieval Spanish version of Ignatius, which has ranked as high as Number 602 on the national list and was used by Cate Blanchett, but Inigo is a no-go. Llewellyn - A common name in Wales, with the distinctive Welsh double-l beginning, Llewellyn appeared on the US list for six decades, ending in the early 1940s. But despite its rich Welsh history, literary cred and quirky nicknames, Llewelyn seems headed for extinction. Remus - With his twin brother Romulus, he was a legendary founder of Rome. But the stereotypical image of Uncle Remus, plus the unpleasant first syllable, have kept him permanently off the Top 1000. Sherwood - The stiff surname Sherwood, which does have the distinguished namesake of influential novelist Sherwood Anderson, managed to make it onto the list from 1897 to 1963, peaking at Number 533 in 1938, Anderson’s heyday, but it hasn’t been heard from in the 7+ decades since then. Waldo - Where’s Waldo? He’s nowhere to be found except on the birth certificates of a scant five boys last year. Waldo actually reached as high as Number 347 in 1881 and remained on the list till 1941, when it became a victim of anti-German sentiment.
(CNN)Recently, a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. What exactly is "service of process"? Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle: if you are going to sue someone, you should at least let them know about it. Sounds simple, right?  In theory it is.  In practice, it turns out people don't like being sued.  It also turns out that, to many defendants, procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense. Just as you may avoid bad news in life, defendants tend to avoid process servers.  Once a defendant has been served, that means the judicial proceedings begin.  Unfortunately, that means defendants have an incentive to go "off the grid". Although every state is different, the law of service of process has evolved this way: the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person, and have some proof that the person was the defendant. In-person service is not always possible, for obvious reasons.  So, the law had to develop methods of alternate service, but carefully balance a defendant's right to have notice of a lawsuit, against a diligent plaintiff's access to court if a defendant is avoiding the inevitable. As reliable as the U.S. mail is, regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers.  Not because the postmen can't be trusted; they can. Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom of night, will keep them from delivering those papers.  Instead, it's defendants -- no wait, all of humanity -- that can't be trusted.  Every one of us has ignored mail or even pretended we didn't get it.  Defendants are no different. One form of alternate service is "nail and mail" service.  This means that you take a hammer and nail, and nail the papers to the defendant's front door.  The problem with that is that many defendants are nomadic by nature.  Just because you find a house that a defendant stayed at, doesn't mean he'll be back there anytime soon. Another, even odder form of "service" is service by publication.  This is an almost laughable legal fiction.  If you can't find a defendant, a judge might let you serve by publication.  That means that a plaintiff can take out an ad in five point font for a week in an obscure publication, on the off chance you are reading the classified ads of the Secaucus Law Journal looking for lawsuits against you.  As laughable as serving someone by tweeting it sounds, it's at least more rational than this antiquated method. At first blush, the idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him.  When it comes to serving papers, however, "traditional" doesn't necessarily mean "good."  Service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable; it's just service of last resort. For those people who are concerned that being served papers will become a Facebook announcement in a news feed, along with the photos of dinner or kittens, to be "liked" by all your gawking "friends," we're not quite there ... yet. While the older forms of alternate service were public, most electronic service takes the form of email.  Where email isn't available, it is Facebook private messaging, which should be as private as email.  That's the form of service authorized by the court here.  So for now, we're not quite putting lawsuits on Instagram ... but I wouldn't rule it out in the future. Online service may be a new frontier, but it's not unheard of. Most of us exist more online now than we "live" in a particular condo, or Mom's basement. Virtually everyone has a phone or access to the Internet.  Not everyone has a lease or a mortgage.  Plus, online service has the added benefit of tracking.  Believe me, somewhere, some computer has already logged the fact that you read this article, how long you read it, and even how far down you scrolled before you got bored and bailed on the article (thanks for still being here, by the way).  In a way, maybe online service is long overdue.  You can outrun a process server for a while, but sooner or later, all of us have to go back online -- and no human can outrun an email.
England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France, assuming everyone is fit of course. Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments section below. England manager Roy Hodgson pictured at the Juventus Stadium during Tuesday's friendly against Italy . MATT LAWTON . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Wilshere; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . Not perfect by any means but I think it’s important to keep Rooney in a more central position, in the No 10 role he is most comfortable in, behind the best striker at this moment in time. Right now it’s Kane but Sturridge and Welbeck certainly offer good alternatives. There’s pace in that team as well. No natural holding player? I’m not convinced Carrick is the way forward. Get the best players on the pitch. England captain Wayne Rooney (centre) looks to get a shot in at the Italian goal on Tuesday . IAN LADYMAN . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Wilshere; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Sturridge . England’s defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot. Luke Shaw hasn’t done enough yet to displace Baines while Henderson and Wilshere represent a holding duo at the base of the midfield that should provide security bit also the ability to get the team moving forwards when appropriate. Rooney is picked in this team in a central role while Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane simply on the back of experience. This is the first game of a major tournament after all. Daniel Sturridge (left) charges forward with the ball during last September's friendly against Norway . ROB DRAPER . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jones, Gibbs; Carrick; Henderson, Wilshere; Sterling, Rooney, Welbeck . No place for Daniel Sturridge at present and you might have to re-think if he's clear of injuries - but for the moment Rooney has to play up front. If England need a more attacking shape, Rooney can drop in and Sturridge come on for Wilshere or Henderson, but I'd be wary of starting that way, as England couldn't defend properly with two midfielders in Brazil. The back four doesn't convince but Jagielka and Baines struggled at the World Cup and Johnson is now out of the reckoning. England's Jordan Henderson in action against Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . MATT BARLOW . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jones, Baines; Henderson, Carrick, Milner; Sterling; Rooney, Welbeck . Not far off the team Hodgson picked against Lithuania on Friday. It's as good as we get at the moment. Wish it was stronger at the back, where perhaps Smalling and Bertrand can apply pressure. No place for Wilshere in a three-man midfield. Need mileage and ball-winning abilities to offset the luxury of Carrick in as a playmaker. Rooney and Welbeck on the basis they have delivered in international football but much will depend on Kane's second season and the fitness of Sturridge. Gary Cahill (left) tackles Lithuania's Saulius Mikoliunas during last Friday's Euro 2016 qualifier . SAMI MOKBEL . Hart; Clyne; Cahill, Jones, Gibbs; Henderson, Oxlade-Chamberlain; Welbeck, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . The two biggest calls here are Gibbs over Baines and Chamberlain instead of Wilshere. For me, the two selected will add more athleticism to the side without the loss of quality. There's certainly goals in this team, as well as pace. Europe beware! England left-back Kieran Gibbs (right) looks to run past Italian Alessandro Florenzi . JOE BERNSTEIN . Hart; Walker, Jones, Stones, Shaw; Carrick, Henderson; Sterling, Rooney, Young; Sturridge . It's ridiculous that Michael Carrick is only now getting the international recognition he deserves. He should have been a regular in the last two World Cups and will only be 34 at Euro 2016. With him and Rooney in the middle and lots of legs and energy around them, England should be able to play the quick and accurate tempo displayed by Liverpool in the last couple of years. Personally, I think that's the way to go rather than try and hit a big centre-forward like Harry Kane. Youngsters like John Stones and Luke Shaw will really emerge over the next 12 months. Michael Carrick (right) controls the ball as Roberto Soriano looks to make a challenge in Turin . RIATH AL-SAMARRAI . Hart; Clyne, Smalling, Cahill, Baines; Carrick, Wilshere; Oxlade-Chamberlain, Rooney, Sterling; Kane . The big unknown is Harry Kane's progress and whether he will do it all again next season. It's perhaps harsh on Daniel Sturridge, who has proven his effectiveness over greater time, but how can anyone currently bet against Kane? The big weakness remains at centre-half - neither man truly looks the part at the international level but Smalling has improved this season. At 25 he needs to improve further still. If Sterling's ego can process being on the left, where he has shown himself to be more than capable, then this could be a delightful attack. England's Harry Kane (right) leaves Italy's Giorgio Chiellini face down on the pitch during the friendly . MIKE KEEGAN . Hart; Clyne, Cahill, Jagielka, Baines; Henderson, Carrick, Barkley; Sterling, Rooney, Welbeck . Welbeck just gets the nod over Kane primarily for his pace and movement which is vital to England attacking at pace. If there is any chance John Terry can be lured back he walks in at the expense of Jagielka. Carrick must start and Barkley must cut down on giving the ball away in dangerous positions but offers more going forward than Fabian Delph. Baines gets one last chance to deliver on the international stage, ahead of Kieran Gibbs. Danny Welbeck (left) shoots during England's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania at Wembley on Friday .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night. The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form. Amid accusations of the team 'playing with their flip-flops on', United have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from. It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield, a venue at which they last won in 1994. They were beaten 1-0 by North-East rivals Sunderland seven days ago – a performance Carver labelled 'embarrassing' – and there was a showdown meeting at the club's training ground this week in which the head coach let his feelings be known. John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday . Carver, though, is hoping that personal pride will kick in when they travel to Merseyside. 'Before they go out my message will be simple – 'You have a point to prove, but prove it for yourself, not for me, not for anybody else, but for yourself. You owe it for yourself',' he said. 'The meeting we had on Wednesday was non-negotiable. We've had meetings in the past where I like a two-way dialogue. 'But I got a few things off my chest and it was probably the first time I've been Mr Nasty. 'After the meeting we trained and there was a great response. That hurt me a little bit because I wanted to see that on Sunday. But at least I got something from them.' Carver said this week that owner Mike Ashley has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected – out-of-contract players such as Jonas Gutierrez, Ryan Taylor and Sammy Ameobi will be released, while the likes of Yoan Gouffran, Cheick Tiote, Moussa Sissoko and Papiss Cisse are also expected to move on. Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League . Moussa Sissoko (left), Vurnon Anita (centre) and Massadio Haidara (right) at a training session . However, the promise of such renovation has done little to appease fans who are organising a boycott ahead of next Sunday's visit of Spurs. Carver, in fairness, is caught in the middle of what is a toxic relationship between supporters and the club's hierarchy. And the 50-year-old admits he has been on the receiving end of criticism from fans. 'I have to accept what people say. As long as it is done the right way and in a constructive manner, I can accept that,' he said. Newcastle were beaten in last weekend's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe's stunning volley . Carver has now seen his Newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . 'It would be easy to say, 'I've had enough, thanks'. I'm not going to do that and I have still got my enthusiasm. 'I can't hide from what happened on Sunday, and I won't hide from it. What I won't take is abuse, and certainly none of my family will take abuse. 'But I wanted to give this a go because I didn't want to have any regrets. I believe in my own ability and I believe if I have got the tools then I could do a good job and a successful job.'
An Ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a Holland America cruise ship docked in Puerto Rico. The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press. Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. A team of FBI investigators boarded the MS Ryndam after a Cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in San Juan, Puerto Rico . The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators. Authorities will not say how the couple died . The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands . 'We don't know yet whether an object was used or what the motive was,' he said. He said the ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while. The FBI has taken over the investigation. It was unclear exactly when the couple died. The ship departed Tampa, Florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean. It stopped in Key West on Monday and then spent two days at sea before docking in historic Old San Juan on Thursday, Holland America spokesman Erik Elvejord said. Passengers say they had no idea of what had happened - only that they had to wait a long time to disembark from the ship . Passengers were horrified when they learned what had happened in a stateroom aboard the ship . 'We are terribly saddened by this tragic event,' the company said in a statement. Cruise ship passengers said they were not aware of what had happened. 'This is a shock to me,' said Mark Moore of Watertown, New York, who was traveling with his wife. He said the crew had roped off part of the ship and hung a sheet in the hallway as passengers disembarked around noon. Other baffled passengers said they were never told what happened aboard the ship - only that there was a big holdup as they tried to disembark when the ship docked at San Jaun, according to WAPA-TV. Then, a large team of FBI crime scene technicians arrived, along with local police and other FBI agents. The Ryndam was scheduled to depart Puerto Rico late Thursday and arrive in St. Thomas on Friday.
Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling'. The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley. Scroll down for video . Moors murderer Ian Brady, pictured (left) from Ashworth psychiatric hospital and (right) in a court sketch in 2013, has revealed that he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling' in a series of letters . In a series of rambling letters, he wrote: . It comes four months after Brady - who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent, in which he expressed no remorse for his killings. Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago. Brady (left) was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley (right) The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. Above, police search the area for the bodies . In the December letter he wrote: 'This cell block is described as a "discharge ward"; I've been sitting here 30 years... and there's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin.' Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice Hindley, who died aged 60 in 2002. The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. Pauline Reade, 16, disappeared on her way to a disco on July 12, 1963, and John Kilbride, 12, was snatched in November the same year. Keith Bennett was taken on June 16, 1964, after he left home to visit his grandmother. Lesley Ann Downey, 10, was lured away from a funfair on Boxing Day, 1964, and Edward Evans, 17, was killed in October 1965. His letter reads: . Politicians of today? Compared to the only truly democratic and altruistic peoples’ government ever elected, Labour 1945, the UK corrupt, greedmotivated (sic) political vermin of today, aren’t worth even assassination, all being Tory clerks/lackeys. However, I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib-Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote, and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland. In addition, I hope the IRA is reactivated, as promised for a united Ireland. [...] . The corporate controlled (including the BBC) lower middle class, collusive, servile media generate a false appearance if of democracy and free speech, in a now spineless population constantly asking, "am I allowed to say (this and that)?" (sic) Where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged German Jew. Absurdity! Incidentally, the Scottish dictionary definition of "Cleg" (sic) is, aptly, "a course grey bloodsucking horsefly". Cleg (sic), like his US lickspittle Blair, would form a coalition with literally anyone, just to retain his public image of secondhand power and pathetic grandiosity. As I stopped reading UK newspapers or relying on UK media, depending only on Aljezeers (sic) and Teletext, I know nothing of any EU decisions on UK prisoners possibly voting, and couldn’t care less! Ironically in my half century of imprisonment, I discovered that most professional criminals are Tory voters! [...] . Yours faithfully, . IS Brady . Keith Bennett (left), 12, was snatched and murdered in 1964 and John Kilbride (right), also 12, was snatched in November the year before . Since being convicted Brady has hardly been seen. Above, a police convoy takes Brady to Liverpool Crown Court in 2000 for what was his first appearance in more than 30 years . Brady was given whole life sentences for the murders of John, Lesley Ann and Edward - but did not admit to killing Keith and Pauline until he was in prison. Keith's body has never been discovered. Hindley was convicted of killing Lesley Ann and Edward, and shielding Brady after John's murder. She was jailed for life. Taxpayers have forked out more than £14million on Brady since he was convicted nearly 50 years ago. He has racked up the costs by staging a 15-year hunger strike and a series of failed legal challenges - for which he has relied on legal aid. He lost his last appeal to be transferred to a 'ordinary' prison in June 2013.
It has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same. Now the Green party has set it to music, with a new election advert featuring David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. The video begins with 'David Cameron' playing a white grand piano, with 'Ed Miliband' looking on . It sees Mr Cameron entering a polling booth and telling voters how 'a vote for me's the same as a vote for any of us guys' The advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration . The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition. According to the Green party, the quartet 'sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking'. It sees Mr Cameron tell voters how 'a vote for me's the same as a vote for any of us guys'. The chorus includes the lyrics: 'It's sweeter when we all agree, a party political harmony. Lose your voting inhibitions. Join the one true coalition.' It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians, with the verse: 'The choice between us couldn't be clearer, Oxford! Cambridge! Diversity for ya, Whether it's Trident or High Speed Two, The lesser of four evils is up to you.' Notably the video, which last 3minutes, 40 seconds, does not feature Green leader Natalie Bennett at all. With the party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition, the video is complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change . Dancing around a large pound sign, the four leaders are shown singing: 'Austerity! Austerity! Austerity!' Green party leader Natatlie Bennett said she wanted to show how the Establishment parties 'have been singing from the same hymn sheet' The chorus includes the lyrics: 'It's sweeter when we all agree, a party political harmony. Lose your voting inhibitions. Join the one true coalition' She has suffered a series of difficult media appearances in recent weeks, including claiming people who join ISIS should not be criminalised, struggling to make her housing sums add up and admitting it could take decades to implement her 'citizen's income'. Despite the gaffes, the Green party has enjoyed a sharp rise in popularity in the last year and now boasts more members than both the Lib Dems and Ukip. Unveiling the new advert, Ms Bennett said: 'For many years the Establishment parties have been singing from the same hymn sheet. 'The Westminster consensus – which sees all other parties sign up to austerity economics, privatisation of our public services and inaction on climate change – is coming to an end. The Green Party is offering a real alternative to business-as-usual politics. 'We want an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means bringing in a Living Wage of £10 an hour by 2020 and fair taxes on rich individuals and Britain's biggest corporations. 'Voting Green on May 7th is a chance for people to play their part in breaking open the political harmony of the Establishment parties.'
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2. England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane (circled) has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper's bottom-right corner . German referee Marija Kurtes officiating a women's Bundesliga match in Munich last month . Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson, who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway, earned some practice as she scored past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot from 12-yards. Norway are second in the group following an impressive 8-1 win against Northern Ireland, but crucially have a slightly inferior goal difference meaning the spot-kick will give England a place in the European Championship finals in Israel. The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal after the referee had wrongly denied England the opportunity to retake the penalty during Saturday's match following encroachment. England midfielder Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal. However, instead of ordering it to be retaken, 28-year-old Kurtes - who was named Referee of the Year by the German Football Association (DFB) in 2014 - wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway. According to the laws of the game, a penalty should be retaken if it entered the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick. England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . April 4 - England 1-2 Norway (Match to be replayed from 96th min on April 9 at 9:45pm) April 4 - Switzerland 1-0 Northern Ireland . April 6 - Norway 2-0 Switzerland . April 6 - England 9-1 Northern Ireland . April 9 - Switzerland 1-3 England . April 9 - Northern Ireland 1-8 Norway . A scene of apparent confusion followed England's wild celebrations as Kurtes explained her decision. Williamson had grabbed back the ball to retake the penalty and placed it on the penalty spot before realising an indirect free-kick had been awarded. Two Norwegian players then embraced as they celebrated the decision. A UEFA statement read: 'The UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body has ordered the match to be replayed. 'The replay of the match should be carried out as follows: . 'The match will be replayed from the minute the penalty kick was awarded to the Football Association at the European Women's Under-19 Championship 2015 match between England vs Norway played on April 4, 2015, and extended according to the discretion of the referee. 'The penalty kick shall be retaken by the Football Association. 'According to the Laws of the Game (Law 14), a team-mate of the player taking the kick infringes the Laws of the Game: . - the referee allows the kick to be taken . - if the ball enters the goal, the kick is retaken . - if the ball does not enter the goal, the referee stops play and the match is restarted with an indirect free kick to the defending team from the place where the infringement occurred . 'As the ball entered the goal, the kick should have been re-taken. Thus the CDEB ordered that the remaining time of the match should be replayed in accordance with article 6 (e) and 7 (2) of the disciplinary regulations. Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . Jenna Dear (right) scores with a header as England inched closer to European Championship qualification . 'The match is scheduled to take place at the Seaview Stadium in Belfast on Thursday at 9:45pm local time with another referee. 'Teams must field the same players which were on the pitch at that moment. Any of these players can take the penalty kick.' An FA spokesperson said: 'After England Women U19s' match against Norway on Saturday, April 4, the FA lodged an appeal to UEFA following a disallowed penalty. 'Due to an incorrect application of the game's laws by the match referee, UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty. 'The remainder of the match will be played on Thursday at 9.45pm at the same stadium – Seaview, Belfast.' Williamson is congratulated by her England team-mates after scoring past Swiss goalkeeper Tania Chassot . Former Everton and England captain Mo Marley is head coach of the national women's U19 team . Although it will only last 18 seconds, officials, stewards and paramedics will all be required to attend. Admission is free. England, coached by former national captain Mo Marley, were 2-0 down to Norway on Saturday before substitute Ayane pulled one back in the 87th minute to give her side hope of claiming a point. However, Wiliiamson's penalty was disallowed and the match ended in defeat. England brushed off the disappointment on Monday, though, with a 9-1 win against Northern Ireland. Both England and Norway must start the match with the same 11 players who finished Saturday's match. However, a different player can take the penalty. The decision further complicates the already complex qualification process for July's finals after UEFA had announced that Norway had sealed their place. After an initial qualifying round last year, the Elite Round is comprised of six groups of four teams playing at locations across Europe. The six group winners and best-placed runner-up - decided by the best record against the first and third-placed teams in the groups - go through to join hosts Israel at the showpiece event in July. England women's senior head coach Mark Sampson tweeted: 'Difficult circumstances for our @england U19. I have been proud that in challenging circumstances you have conducted yourselves superbly & represented your country with great pride. 'Regardless of final outcome you should be very proud. We are very proud of you.' September 2005 - World Cup qualifier - Uzbekistan vs Bahrain . Uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the Asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching. Rather than retaking the penalty, an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida to Bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin. Uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after FIFA ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid. It proved to have a major impact as it was Bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory, though they were later beaten in the AFC-CONCACAF play-off. Bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in an Asian World Cup qualifier in 2005 .
