Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .   19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .   James Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Banfield before being sold on to Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .   The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent and had contested elections before .   He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .   He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president of the FA .   Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular in Britain .   In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to Office of National Statistics .   Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter , who was jailed for sex attacks on girls , for name 's fall from grace .   Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook .   The law of service of process is premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .   The ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant .
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for England 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .   Wayne Rooney is picked in a central role while Daniel Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane simply on the back of experience .   England 's defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot .   Rooney and Welbeck on the basis they have delivered in international football but much will depend on Kane 's second season and the fitness of Sturridge .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .   The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in danger of being sucked into the relegation battle .   Newcastle have scored just one goal in their last four Premier League games .   Carver 's side were beaten 1 - 0 by Sunderland in the Tyne / Wear derby last weekend .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .   Ricardo Cruz said .   Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   The ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' The 77-year - old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .   Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley .   The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .
Video features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a pro - austerity boyband .   Designed to show Establishment parties are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   Chorus includes lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .   Lose your voting inhibitions .   Join the one true coalition '
England beat Switzerland 3 - 1 on Thursday afternoon to move closer to European Championship qualification .   The match will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .   The Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .   Referee Marija Kurtes wrongly awarded an indirect free - kick to Norway instead of ordering it to be retaken .
