General Motors unveiled their concept car at an event in Shanghai .   Chevrolet - FNR has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights ' It is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   Incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after Nawaz evacuated the area .
The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked .   Passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' Tesco : Vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
Winchester Council in Hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .   But the Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son Saturday .   That same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida .   Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
Domenico Rancadore given a seven - year sentence by Italian court in 1999 .   He was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   In February the Sicilian Mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to Italy .   Today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired in October last year .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   Many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable '
Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed after a final KFC bucket meal .   The 58-year - old has been on death row in Bali since 2012 .   She was convicted of attempting to smuggle £ 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   Bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA in May .
Ben Flower returned from his six - month ban on Thursday night .   Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .   27-year - old received a brilliant reception during 's Wigan 's 30 - 20 victory against Warrington .
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   Was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   ` Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .
The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   It could fine Google more than £ 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .
Phil Smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   Parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` From everything I have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says Helm .
Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey 's Jamie Dornan .   McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .   McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .   READ : It wo n't be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share .   When asked if he would run for president , Christie said ; ` I ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   In total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - Mara Salvatrucha .   The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online .   ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ` Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said .   The School Nutrition association does n't think Michelle Obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
Italian Navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers .   Boat was being steered towards Libyan port of Misrata .   Italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .
When tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .   Some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .   Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .   It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
The BBC has made light of Clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .   It shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ` tosser ' The episode was filmed last July , but the narration has been tweaked .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web is fourth installment in Stieg Larsson 's series .   Written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks .   Plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the Chinese capital 's landmarks devoid of tourists .   Pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of China .   Locals and foreigners pose at the Temple of Heaven , Western Qing Tombs and Summer Palace .   Quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day Beijing , one of the most populous cities in the world .
Man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in Harts Range , Northern Territory .   He then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station .   The 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car .   Car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights .   Vehicle may still have rear number plate which is SA - registered S145 AVI .   Station is located 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in Northern Territory .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group .   Professors of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image is dangerous .   The Professor said it represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment .   World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
Highest - earning NHS dentists earn almost five times more than Prime Minister 's £ 142,500 pay packet .   A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 a year .   Lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for NHS work .   Campaigners branded the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
Fireball captured on camera by the UK Meteor Observing Network .   It says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between Mars and Jupiter .   The meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles .   There were dozens of sightings of the event , from England to Ireland .
Sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits .   Made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's U19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed .   Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing an England penalty for encroachment .   FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .   But the entire match between Uzbekistan and Bahrain was replayed .   UEFA must hope it does n't affect one of their premiere tournaments .
Floyd Mayweather will have $ 25,000 mouthguard for Manny Pacquiao bout .   The mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills .   He also spent $ 300,000 on Mercedes ` Land Yacht ' people carrier .   Carl Foch unlikely to meet Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .   CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 .   The fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies .   At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .
David King , 70 , from east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .   Body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder .   Alleged killer was living rough and is ` behind number of thefts in area ' Gardener Mr King may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry Aaron Leeson - Woolley this Saturday .   She vanished on Sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding .   Police have charged man , 24 , with her murder despite not finding her body .   Family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia .   It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock .   S.Kidman and Co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across Australia .   In total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
Researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument .   Instead he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   He claims all such instruments were made by hyenas , not Neanderthals .   And the bones do not even originate from Neanderthal times .
