General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night .   It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future ' .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet .
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .   Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .   As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the cover .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15 ft of the ground on the pedestrian walkway in Shirley , Solihull .   Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway and told them to turn off their gas supply .
Farm worker caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .   Disgusted member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   Sandra Shemanski , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida , on Saturday .   Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was killed .   He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .   He was given a seven - year sentence for his role as a ` man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , is on death row in Bali for smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine .   She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   She said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad along with six other prisoners .
Abby Bishop 's life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala .   The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .   The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ` startle and repel ' and cause electrical discharge .   He pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons at Newcastle Crown Court .   Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388 g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .   Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .   His parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children '
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out .   He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day on Yorkshire Television .   Martin Fletcher 's book Fifty - Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire , suggests the fire may not have been an accident .   Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .   The 25-year - old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the program .   After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .   They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .   The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .   Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .   A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .   ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media .   Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the ` shortcomings ' of her Healthy , Hunger - Free Kids Act scheme .
The Italian navy retakes control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily .   The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata .   Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs .   It involves inserting the EBUS down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube .   An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample .   Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .   The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be fourth installment in Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .   Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   Publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep novel under wraps , but reveal it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .   They show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .   Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight .   Some of the Beijing - area attractions featured in these 100-year - old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station .   The 42-year - old man threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .   Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .   The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons .   The world - renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C - sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment '
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 for NHS work in 2012/13 .   More than 1,600 pocketed £ 100,000 - £ 200,000 , according to NHS Business Services Authority .   Campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .   Comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on books of NHS practices .
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network .   Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .   Pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds , experts say .
Nicola Sturgeon is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership - a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .   Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier between Uzbekistan and Bahrain .   Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1 - 0 up .   Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified on away goals .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $ 100 bills for his mega - fight with Manny Pacquiao .   Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- £ 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .   Mayweather has just spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .   Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .   Carl Froch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back - up in case of war or national emergencies .   At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .   Out of the original eight anchorage sites , only three ; James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas and Suisun Bay , California remain .   Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals .
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .   His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south - west of Caen .   An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .   Alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .   Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .   But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .   The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East now face having to attend her funeral .
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .   The 11 cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .   All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .   The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports .
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia .   Dr Cajus Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the .   bone not breaking when it was chewed .   The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow - witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
