(CNN)Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. And they are struggling in the aftermath. Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed, all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks, followed by a second earthquake on May 12. The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. "We are suffering with rain, strong wind. The fear is not gone from us. It is very, very hard," said Koirala, the founder of the nonprofit Maiti Nepal and the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year. The public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera. Koirala's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food. Still, she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster. "These girls are most vulnerable, because now people will target them," Koirala said. "They could be victims of any forms of sexual abuse. Maybe rape, maybe they will be trafficked, anything. ... If I get more support I will take as many as I can." About five miles away, the wall of Koirala's HIV/AIDS hospice has crumbled. Home to 115 girls, many of whom are terminally ill, the facility is under guard. "They're not injured, but they are terrified," Koirala said. "Everything is broken in the hospice." Koirala's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout the district, and all of them have been damaged. "It's really very sad for me and for my children," Koirala said. "This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it. I was not afraid that I was going to be killed. I was afraid about what is going to happen next." Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence. They are now living on the ground in a nearby field. "Physically, we are not hurt. But mentally, we are," said Basnet, whose Early Childhood Development Center provides a home and education to children whose parents are incarcerated. Basnet says the building's walls are all cracked, and the staff is afraid it might fall down. She and the older children created a shelter using the frame of a greenhouse, taping plastic around the sides to protect themselves. "It's really cold in the middle of the night; there are lots of fox in the field," Basnet said. "We are really scared." They also don't have much water or food, Basnet says. But she is trying to stay positive. "I think for the time being, whatever we have, we should be happy, you know?  Because at least we have our life," she said. "(My kids) all are safe. That's the most important thing for me." Basnet's "Butterfly Home" -- the permanent residence she was building for the children -- also suffered extensive damage in the quake. Basnet had hoped to complete construction in the next six months, with the opening ceremony set for October. Basnet purchased the land for the home with prize money she received as the 2012 Hero of the Year. "When the earthquake hit that land, all my dreams were scattered," she said. "I have to restart again." Still, Basnet is quick to point out that so many other survivors have nothing and are desperately in need of aid. To that end, several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal. Jake Wood's disaster relief organization, Team Rubicon, has a team of experienced veterans and first responders on the ground in Kathmandu.  The group deployed a medical and assessment team to aid the Nepalese people in several remote villages outside of the city. Six canine-firefighter search teams from the United States also assisted in rescue and recovery efforts. The teams were trained by Wilma Melville's National Disaster Search Dog Foundation and were deployed as part of a larger rescue force that includes structural engineers, hazmat experts and doctors. Tom Henderson's ShelterBox, which provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies, has so far committed to help more than 15,000 families. Dr. Laura Stachel's group, We Care Solar, sent solar suitcases to health care workers, providing them with light and power as they aid survivors. Arlene Samen's group, One Heart World-Wide, has set up tented birthing centers where pregnant women can safely deliver their babies, especially in hard-hit districts. Robin Lim, a disaster response midwife who founded Bumi Sehat, joined Samen in Kathmandu to help the mothers. Doc Hendley's nonprofit, Wine to Water, partnered with Appalachian State University in order to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are most needed in Nepal. The group says one filter can provide water for up to 10 people and last for up to 10 years if maintained properly.
A dominatrix who claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards. Carrie Reichert, 43, who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show, has now written a book about the night. In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story, she says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was', The Sun reported. Carrie Reichert (left), 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story in which she recounts the events of Prince Harry's infamous party night . Prince Harry, pictured above in Las Vegas in 2012, was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his VIP suite at the Encore at Wynn hotel, including Miss Reichert . She wrote: 'I'm only in my bathing suit and feeling overdressed, wondering if I too should strip down and join him in his royal buff.' Ms Reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss. She said: 'This surreal moment felt more like a dream: I'm kissing a Prince! Tasting his lips and feeling his tongue, encouraging what is now a hot, deep kiss, both of us excited, anticipating what is yet to come.' In January, England-born Ms Reichert said she planned to use a pair of the Prince's underpants for a strip tease act. She remains the only woman to have ever spoken out about the prince's wild night in Vegas, following which pictures of him were leaked showing him playing naked billiards. Ms Reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the Wynn Hotel in August 2012. However, Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince's VIP suite and dismissed her story as 'untrue'. Kensington Palace this evening declined to comment when contacted by MailOnline. Just weeks after the 2012 party, Miss Reichert spent a month in Harrison County Jail in Mississippi after being arrested for cheque fraud. And not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims, it was revealed she was a dominatrix who charges $1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions. Kensington Palace has previously said Ms Reichert (pictured) was not among those invited back to the Prince's VIP suite that evening . Not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims, it was revealed Ms Reichert was a dominatrix who charges $1,000 an hour for BDSM sessions .
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters. Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour, but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history. 'I'm really excited about the rest of the year now. It's a good momentum starter for me,' said Rose, who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters. Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters, despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . Rose believes that his finish of second at Augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy, who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . 'I tried to really tell myself that this year for me is going to be about April to September when the big tournaments come around and that's when I want to play well. 'You look at Rory's year last year, it was all about how he played in the summer (winning the Open, Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in the space of four weeks). I was trying to keep telling myself it's a long year. Very happy it turned around this week in a major championship. 'The thing that was most important for me this week was the fact that I have not been in contention and I haven't had a lot of experience this year or positive vibes on which to draw. 'I was really pleased at how comfortable I felt in that situation, last group in the Masters on Sunday. I think that's when you learn a lot about yourself and that makes me very hungry to get there again very soon.' Rose began the final round four shots behind Spieth and closed to within three on three separate occasions on the front nine, but was never able to get any closer. 'There's two ways to look at it. You can think that 14 under par, I'll take that next year and I'll take that the year after and I'll take it the year after, so I have to take a lot of confidence from that,' he added. Rose had struggled to hit top form going into the Masters but now hopes to sustain his Augusta form . Rose (left) congratulates tournament winner Spieth and praised his performance level for the week . 'But you've got to play it on the day, too. I felt like there were a few moments out there where I could have done better and I'll learn on that and think about that. 'Jordan didn't really open the door and I didn't really expect him to. Really the one time on the back nine where it got interesting for me was the 16th hole. I felt that if I make my birdie putt and Jordan misses for par, it's a two-shot swing and I'm two back with two to play. But my putt just slid by and he made a great eight- footer to there to keep his momentum as he did all day, really.'
A couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in Hurricane Sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $250,000 in the lottery. Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together. The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn, New York, was also destroyed. Dennis Krauss and Mary Ann Diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house. Both of them were left homeless when Hurricane Sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the US in October 2012 . The loving couple met after they separately moved from New York to a trailer park in Connecticut, after they lost their homes. During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety . The 62-year-old didn't evacuate during Hurricane Sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats. She lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . ‘Sandy left me homeless and alone and now because of Sandy I met the love of my life, I hit the lottery and we’re shopping for the house of our dreams’, the thrilled woman told the New York Daily News after she won $255,555 (£174,000). Ms Diano’s troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by Hurricane Sandy, which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the US. As the water began to fill her house she stepped outside and was swept away by a huge wave before landing in the high branches of a tree – saying she feared she was going to die. She was hauled to safety by a kind stranger, who saw she was about to touch a live wire and risk being electrocuted. The loving couple said they don't consider the winnings as money - but as the chance for a new start and home . Sandy left Ms Diano homeless and alone, she said - but it also brought her the love of her life and a lottery wn . Ms Diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home, and went to live in a Connecticut trailer park after winning a year’s rent-free accommodation in a church raffle. There she met Mr Krauss, who had also lost his home in Brooklyn, New York, in the storms, and the homeless pair began a relationship. She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station, but decided not to cash it in until April 6 – the day after Easter – as a symbolic sign of a new beginning. Reliving the moment she knew her life had changed, she told the Daily News: ‘I ran outside to Dennis waiting in the car and told him we won. The hurricane destroyed homes as it swept through New Jersey (pictured), including Ms Diano's home . He said, ‘If you’re busting my chops, I’ll kill ya.’ I showed him the ticket. ‘We hugged. We kissed. I wept.’ Mr Krauss said they didn't consider the winnings as money but the chance for the start of a new life together in their own home, . 'We don’t consider it money. We consider it a home. It’s a home', Mr Klaus told the News 8 channel. 'It’s not to be spent. It’s where we’re going to live together and start a new life.'
The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race, fried food and live music. Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez's favorite color of purple, the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford's Jonathan Law High School, where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. After a week of somber remembrances at the school, her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted, with smiles and joy. Remembrance: Friends embrace and remember slain student Maren Sanchez on Saturday, April 25, 2015 . Plans: Maren Sanchez, pictured in the dress she had planned to wear to prom, was excited about the dance which was due to attend with her new boyfriend last year . 'I did it': Chris Plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of Sanchez . 'I don't think there's anything sad about this,' said Darby Hudd, a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen. 'It's such a celebration.' The slaying stunned people around Connecticut and especially in this shoreline city, where Sanchez is remembered as an outgoing person, active in drama and other school activities, who had a kind word for anyone she met. The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother. The day was bittersweet, with some exchanging long hugs, but organizers said they agreed with Sanchez's mother, Donna Cimarelli, that the community did not need another vigil. 'We've cried a lot in this town. If you knew Maren, she would have embraced an event like this,' said Elena Garet, whose daughter was friends with the teenager. Tragic: This May 2, 2014, file photo shows a girl stopping at a memorial for Maren Sanchez outside Jonathan Law High School, in Milford, Connecticut . Live music: Jonathan Law senior Rachel Escobar and Steve Gonza, of the band Ink, practice a piece of original music written for Maren Sanchez . Mourning friends: Jonathan Law High School senior Jarrod Butts and Jamie Loma, left, and Jill Bendlak, right, remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday . 'Maren was a girl who brought people together.' The classmate accused of attacking Sanchez with a knife, Christopher Plaskon, has pleaded not guilty. His attorney has said he intends to use an insanity defense. Police have said they were looking into whether the attack was related to Sanchez's refusal to be Plaskon's date to their junior prom. Fran Thompson, the high school principal, said students and faculty are still recovering from the loss of the beloved girl. Over the last week, he said, the school held memorial events and students have been tweeting favorite memories of Sanchez and examples of people showing kindness toward others. All in purple: Students hold hands and remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday, April 25, 2015, while listening to live music during the 'Peace Love & Music From Maren' event . 'This whole year has really changed us a lot,' he said. 'I think it's made us more aware of the importance to remember the good in people, to take a moment and put things in perspective.' The 16-year-old Connecticut student accused of killing Sanchez who turned down his offer to go to prom, told police after the attack: 'I did it,' court documents show. Christopher Plaskon has been charged with murder as an adult over the death of Maren Sanchez, a friend who was killed last year in a hallway of Jonathan Law High School in Milford.
Following all his inspired charity work, Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa,' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game. The 37-year-old, who scored against Leicester on Wednesday, spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football. Didier Drogba with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award following all the charity work he's done in Africa . The Ivorian scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday, his seventh of the season . He said 'I come from a poor family where I played football in the streets with my friends with no shoes, there was no grass but we still enjoyed it. 'There is nothing better than when you see a kid with a smile on his face and that is why I'm trying to help. I want to do a lot of things in Africa, I want to give people the chance to dream, and it is easier to dream when you are in good health and happy.' Zebeto is one of the children inspired by Drogba and he hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps . Drogba loves to make the children of his home country happy and visits the foundation regularly . In the latest Barclays video they spoke  a young boy growing up in the Ivory Coast called Zebeto, who has been inspired by Drogba and dreams about following his hero. The 'Didier Drogba Foundation,' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children, as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan, Ivory Coast, which will be opening its doors later this year. Chelsea's stars such as Eden Hazard, Petr Cech and Branislav Ivanovic were out in force earlier this month as they raises £400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball. The money raised will be used to complete the medical clinic in Abidjan and help finance mobile clinics that will travel outside of the capital to those who are either to sick or poor to make the journey to the medical centre.
By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area, the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen. This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora’s long career, a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net. Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers’ season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory. Written off by many, this victory, only a second on the road all season, claws QPR closer to safety. Bobby Zamora (left) scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns . Charlie Austin (right) headed QPR's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . Eduardo Vargas (left) wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom with a 25-yard strike . West Bromwich Albion: Myhill 5; Baird 5 (Olsson 65’ 4), McAuley 4, Lescott 4, Brunt 5; Gardner 5.5 (Mulumbu 72’ 2), Morrison 5, Fletcher 6.5, Sessegnon 3 (Anichebe 46’ 7); Berahino 6, Ideye 6 . Booked: Sessegnon, Brunt . Sent off: Mulumbu . Subs not used: Rose, Wisdom, Yacob, Pocognoli . Goals: Anichebe, 58 . Manager: Tony Pulis 6 . Queens Park Rangers: Green 6.5; Isla 6.5, Onouha 6.5, Caulker 6.5, Yun 6.5 (Hill 82’); Phillips 7.5, Sandro 7, Barton 8, Vargas 6.5 (Kranjcar 30’ 6.5); Zamora 7.5 (Henry 75’ 5), Austin 7.5 . Booked: Caulker, Barton, Henry . Subs not used: McCarthy, Sutherland, Hoilett, Doughty . Manager: Chris Ramsey 8 . MoM: Barton . Referee:  Lee Probert 7 . Att: 25,735 . Sportsmail's Match Zone shows where Bobby Zamora struck QPR's third goal . Joey Barton’s name was sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle, in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic scoreline. He drove onto a lose ball in the West Bromwich Albion box and lashed home with the ferocity of someone determined not to go down with a whimper. Earlier, in the 84th minute, he received a forearm in the face from substitute Youssouf Mulumbu that saw referee Lee Probert produce a red card. Was Mulumbu’s act in retribution for Barton’s claims Albion players had ‘s***’ themselves when leading 2-0 at Loftus Road in December to lose 3-2? Only he will know. What is without question is that Ramsey’s team are fighting for their lives. Five successive defeats preceded this game, but three points paints fresh gloss on their survival hopes. For Tony Pulis, this was a bad day. His talks with chairman Jeremy Peace once safety is assured will have to wait. Victor Anichebe (left) headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench . Joey Barton (centre) added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom . QPR captain Barton celebrates his goal, his team's fourth, in the game against West Brom . Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton, shortly before he scored for his side . Barton (left) lies on the ground holding his head after the foul that saw Mulumbu dismissed from the pitch . Albion had the first clear opening in the 14th minute. Darren Fletcher swung over a deep cross to find Brown Ideye, but the Nigeria striker directed his header above the bar. Moments later, the visitors were ahead in stunning fashion. A long ball by Robert Green was helped on by Zamora and nodded into the path of Vargas by Austin. The Chilean cut across two West Brom defenders and let fly a cracking shot the other direction, utterly defeating Myhill from 25 yards. ‘How s*** must you be, we’re winning away,’ sang the travelling hoard. The hosts responded, with a cross by Chris Baird sent trickling wide by Ideye four yards out. Soon after Vargas went down clutching his knee with nobody near him. Baird continued play to the fury of Sandro, who rushed over once the ball had gone dead to remonstrate in rather close proximity to the Albion defender. Vargas tried to continue but hobbled off minutes later, bringing the introduction of Niko Kranjcar. The Croatian delivered a telling contribution in the 37th minute, flicking on a corner by Matt Phillips to find Austin unmarked at the far post. The QPR striker applied the finishing touch as expected to take his Premier League tally to 16, his fourth against West Brom following a hat-trick in the fixture at Loftus Road. Two minutes before the interval, Zamora provided that moment to take the breath. Phillips played the ball to the forward but danger seemed distant by the corner of the area. Instead Zamora glanced a shot with the outside of his left boot to send the ball soaring high before dropping into the corner of the net. It was joyous. QPR had done enough. Green (left) makes a save as West Brom increased the pressure on QPR after scoring through Anichebe . Zamora (left) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike put them 3-0 up at half time . Vargas (centre) celebrates with his QPR team-mates after opening the scoring in the 15th minute against West Brom . Sandro (right) makes a sliding challenge against West Brom striker Saido Berahino . Green (centre) makes a save for QPR as Berahino closes in on goal in the game at The Hawthorns . Pulis, no doubt furious with his team’s defending, introduced Victor Anichebe at half-time and his big frame had a sizeable effect. In the 55th minute presented a very appealing chance for Craig Gardner but only a tame shot followed. Three minutes later Anichebe had a goal for himself. Saido Berahino latched onto Chris Brunt’s long pass and dug out a cross that Anichebe reached ahead of Steven Caulker to steer into the far corner. Pulis replaced Chris Baird with Jonas Olsson and changed to a 3-4-3 formation, instigating an Albion surge. Robert Green punched clear a deflected shot by Ideye. Berahino ten scuffed an excellent chance from four yards and Ideye headed another over. Green, the QPR goalkeeper, celebrates his team's opening goal from Vargas . Barton (centre) has his shirt pulled by Craig Gardner of West Brom in the Premier League game . West Brom captain Darren Fletcher (centre) contests a header with QPR's Sandro . Anichebe's attacking threat is stifled by Yook Suk-Young (left) and Barton (right) of QPR . Niko kranjcar (left) of QPR and James Morrison (right) of West Brom battle for the ball in the Premier League encounter . Brown Ideye (left) challenges for the ball against Barton (lower) Steven Caulker of Queens Park Rangers . The victory is only the second for Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey but boosts their survival hope .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend. And despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game, the 27-year-old Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends. Andy Murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against Novak Djokovic  in the mens final . Novak Djokovic  plays a backhand against Murray  in the mens final during the Miami Open . Murray plays a forehand against Djokovic  in the final during the Miami Open  at Crandon Park Tennis Center . ‘There’ll be no celebrities as such, I don’t have any celebrity friends so it wasn’t something that was planned,’ said Murray, before he flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to runaway world No 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday. The one possible exception is comedian James Corden, although he is busy working in America. There will be quite a few friends prominent in British tennis — aside from anything Kim’s father Nigel has been one of the country’s leading coaches — but with the Monte Carlo Open beginning next Monday the bigger international names were always going to be otherwise engaged. Murray and Djokovic pose for a photograph prior to the mens final during the Miami Open . Djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating Murray in the final of the Miami Open . In fact the only non-British player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer, a doubles specialist from the Dutch Antilles who has a base in Miami. ‘Jules lives there and I spend quite a lot of time with him. Tim (Henman) will be coming. James Ward, Jamie Delgado (longstanding British player and coach). ‘We invited Kyle Edmund but he can’t make it because he’s playing,’ said Murray, who confirmed the couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines. Other tennis guests include coach Amelie Mauresmo, former assistant coach Dani Vallverdu and two of his three best men, brother Jamie and former Davis Cup player Ross Hutchins. The third is Carlos Mier, a friend from his days at the Barcelona tennis academy he attended. Kim Sears fiancee of Murray  watches him in action against Djokovic in the fierce Miami sun . ‘Everyone who we’re close to, people we’ve spent a lot of time with in the past and people that we see ourselves spending time with in the future. That’s how we came up with the list,’ said Murray. Rather than asking for wedding gifts, the couple have requested that guests make a donation to charities they support such as UNICEF and the World Wildlife Fund. ‘I’m going to go up to Scotland early and spend time with my family for a couple of days. I’m not going to hit any balls this week. Pretty much everything is done now and under control. I’m sure a few things will come up. World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday . ‘Kim has pretty much controlled most of the important things and I’ve tried to help when she’s asked. I haven’t been overly involved but there’s things I enjoy doing, I did all the food and cake tasting which I actually loved.’ There will not be any honeymoon until later in the year. In the middle of next week Murray will head to Barcelona to train with incoming assistant coach, former Swedish player Jonas Bjorkman, before resuming his tournament schedule the week after that in Munich. Another change in the new rankings on Monday was Spaniard Rafael Nadal moving down to No 5.
If relations between Cuba and America have recently thawed, then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is vying to steal Kim Kardashian's crown for having the curviest booty in America. The Miami-based Latina, who has already been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the city's fashion crowd, is well known for strutting her stuff on the region's balmy beaches. Scroll down for video . Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves, which the Miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . And she loves a selfie! The 21-year-old is being tipped by the Miami fashion crowd to rival Kim Kardashian . Pneumatic proportions...but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to Kathy, who works for a skin cosmetics firm . And now she's hoping for international stardom. Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily with the hourglass-shaped Latina hoping that her seemingly never-ending stream of body shots will help her to emulate some of Kim's success. She describes herself as a 'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or 'sexy' in Spanish and is  as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol. Her Instagram profile 'Kathyzworld' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats. The budding star has firmly denied that her bottom has been artificially altered, saying that her pictures are '100 percent real' without any photoshopping. Is Kim quaking in her booty? The would-be star is happy to pose for belfies at every available opportunity . Living the beach life: The aspiring celebrity showers her instagram account with photos of herself in glamorous locations . Landrovers and lycra: Kathy, who works in skincare, is  partial to posing in tightly-fitting clothes . Fresh from the gym! The super-curvy Latina is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian and has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries . By day, Kathy works as a distributor for a skin cosmetics firm, but by night she can be found partying and socialising around Miami's most fashionable night spots. The star has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries and her mantra is 'life is beautiful'. Her champion, PR Guru John Chant said: 'She really is the new kid on the block and has arrived with a big bang. 'The great thing is her body is all natural and that is why she is drawing so much attention. She's a gorgeous girl with curves in all the right places. 'In my opinion it won't be long before we see here face and butt plastered everywhere. All I can say is Kim Kardashian, look out!'
Residents living yards from the scene of the £60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime. They also claim to have heard ‘drilling’ noises on the evening of Good Friday, but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks. Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery  in central London to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'. Scroll down for video . Arrival: Two members of the criminal gang, with their faces obscured, can be seen entering the building . Leaving the area: Later on, they exit the building with wheelies bins thought to be carrying the stolen loot . Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday, but it was graded as 'no police response was deemed to be required'. Residents on Greville Street - near the scene close to Farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist, which they now think could be linked. Farhana Begum, 19, who lives in a flat just a ten-second walk from the raided premises, added: ‘My mum actually heard drilling on the [Good] Friday night, it was probably about 9pm or 9.30pm. ‘But there had been road works, or construction work, going on in the street for the last couple of weeks, so she thought that they may have been working late. Protection: One of the gang members carries a large plastic bag past the camera to help obscure his face . Vehicle: A white transit van used to transport the gang and their loot pulls away from outside the building . ‘But she did think it was quite weird that they would be drilling at that time. Also, about two weeks ago, so the weekend before it happened, there was an electrical cut.' Miss Begum added: ‘It was over that weekend, so before the Holborn fire [under Kingsway on April 1] as well. It happened on either the Friday or the Saturday, it was just a bit peculiar.’ Career criminal: Noel 'Razor' Smith, who has 58 convictions and spent 32 years in prison, said the group was likely brought together by a 'Mr Big' Another local resident, data scientist John Han, 26, said: ‘We heard some type of loud noise which woke us up. It was late at night on the Friday or Saturday. I can't remember which. ‘I heard some type of noise. I'm not sure what it was, but I thought they were just doing road works in the street again. But I did think to myself why would somebody be doing road works at that time?’ Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith - who was responsible for more than 200 bank robberies during his criminal career - believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break-in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered. Mr Smith, speaking after having analysed video footage of the raid, told The Daily Mirror the organised criminals would be aware of the huge risk involved in returning for more spoils, but the rewards outweighed the danger. On Saturday night, police released dramatic CCTV images of the raid in the hope of a breakthrough in the investigation. The pictures show the robbers at work over several days as they take part in the raid on the basement packed with security boxes in London's diamond district. Described as 'highly audacious' by Metropolitan Police detectives, the men - wearing Adidas tracksuits, builders' hats and high-visibility jackets - were captured entering the building through a side exit, before leaving hours later with a wheelie bin full of jewels. The gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . The group left the jewellers on Good Friday after having first appeared on camera the day before. But one of the thieves then reappeared on camera late Saturday night - a move Mr Smith described as a 'huge risk'. Saturday, March 28 . Thursday, April 2 . Friday, April 3 . Saturday, April 4 . Sunday, April 5 . Tuesday, April 7 . Mr Smith told reporter David Collins, writing for the Daily Mirror: 'He could be out the country by now spending the rest of his life a very rich man. Instead he's come back for more. 'I don't think this was part of the plan. But criminals are greedy.' Mr Smith went on to state the raid was likely organised by a 'Mr Big' who organised an elite crew made up of Europeans and Israelis, unknown to each other, acting on his inside information. CCTV shows the gang of at least six men breaking into a basement side door at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd building. It is now known they then took stairs to the second floor, disabled a lift and abseiled down the shaft to get to the vault, avoiding security doors. The footage is from the bottom of a fire escape by the basement side door. At 9.23pm on the Thursday, just minutes after employees left for the Easter bank holiday weekend, a red-haired man wearing a baseball cap was the first to arrive and headed downstairs to the vault. A street camera then picked up a white Ford Transit van drawing up outside and men were seen dragging wheelie bins away before the van left. The men, wearing high-visibility jackets and hard hats, carried large holdalls and dragged the wheelie bins downstairs towards the vault. It is thought that one of the bins contained the 77lb drill used to bore through the 6ft-thick vault wall. On Good Friday, at 7.51am the raiders emerged through the basement side door with holdalls, tools and the bins, now believed to be filled with diamonds, cash and jewellery. The van was seen pulling up again before the men loaded it and drove off. At 10.17pm on Saturday, the cameras showed three of the men returning with holdalls and tool boxes. From 5.46am on Sunday, the gang went back and forth four times with a wheelie bin from the vault to the van. They then loaded up the van and drove off at 6.44am. In total, 72 safety deposit boxes were opened out of 999 boxes in the vault. Possible identities suggested for the thieves have ranged from Russian gangsters to former Serbian military personnel, or that they are part of the 'Pink Panther Gang' from the Balkans. Scotland Yard was branded as 'incompetent' last week after admitting it got a call at 0.20am on the Friday from a company who monitors alarms across the South East, but instead of acting on it, deemed it 'no police response required'. A police spokesman said: 'The call stated that a confirmed intruder alarm had been activated at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. 'The call was recorded and transferred to the police's (computer) system. A grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required.' He added: 'We are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call. This investigation is being carried out locally. It is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident.' In response to whether officers had spoken to residents about the power cuts and 'drilling' noises, a police spokesman declined to comment. Meanwhile, a Ukip candidate who is under investigation for handing out sausage rolls to voters has revealed that he may have lost valuables in the Hatton Garden burglary. Kim Rose, a jeweller who is standing in the Southampton Itchen constituency in Hampshire, had a box at the safe deposit hit in the raid. The 58-year-old made headlines last week when it emerged that police want to question him after a report that he tried to woo potential voters with refreshments at a party event. Mr Rose is still waiting to hear whether his was among 72 boxes which were taken in the burglary and will be interviewed by police tomorrow morning over the sausage roll claims. WHERE WERE THE GANG FROM? Speculation over the gang’s origin has been feverish. Possible identities put forward have ranged from former Serbian military personnel to Russian gangsters, or that they are members of the so-called Pink Panther Gang from the Balkans, who have carried out robberies across Europe. However, the Pink Panthers have been violent and aggressive in the past, which was not the case here. AN ACCOMPLICE ON THE INSIDE? The men reached the fire exit through an alley leading from a side street in Hatton Garden, but this alley is protected by a metal gate and the raiders would have needed a key. Furthermore, there was no sign of a forced entry through the fire exit door into the company’s premises, indicating they had a key or that someone had let them in from the inside. Another theory is that a member of the gang had rented a space within the premises. LOOT SMUGGLED OUT OF THE COUNTRY? Some believe the haul was stolen to order for the Middle Eastern market. Whoever their buyer, it is agreed by police, former robbers and crime experts that the gems are likely to have already left the country - and probably very soon after the raid. According to one former robber quoted in a newspaper at the weekend, getting the goods out of the country would be ‘a doddle’. WHAT ABOUT THE ‘KING OF DIAMONDS’? A criminal mastermind known as the 'King of Diamonds' was named last week among the prime suspects. The only known picture of the mysterious robber comes from an unsolved raid on a Knightsbridge's Graff diamond store in 2007. The Panama hat-wearing raider entered the exclusive shop after jumping out of a chauffeur-driven Bentley. He and an accomplice then pulled out guns and made off with £13million worth of jewellery.
(CNN)The victory of a 72-year-old former general, Muhammadu Buhari, in the Nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in West African politics. Buhari, who some 30 years ago was Nigeria's harsh military leader, could of course prove to be a disaster; so many self-described reformers have been. swath . But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history. And the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites. For too long, Nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth. The cancer of corruption has to be cut out. I visited Nigeria in January and found a country under siege. Abuja, the capital city, is where the rich have always imagined themselves making their last stand. Soldiers guard the treacherous motorways; houses are compounds covered in barbed wire. It's a place where poor children rise at dawn to sift through the trash cans for food and black magic is practiced by the side of the road at dusk. Yet thanks to Nigeria's oil, there is also tremendous wealth in Abuja. And when you don't really make money but simply take it from the soil and sell it, a crude kind of crony capitalism develops in which who you know is far more important than what you know. Graft trickles down through the system; through family, through patronage and through shady deals done with foreign businessmen at the 24-hour party palace at the Abuja Hilton Hotel. The richest buy off the anger of the poorest, and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime. For a while, that system brought some stability to the government of  Jonathan. But stability was contingent upon oil remaining at $110 a barrel, and in recent months the price has collapsed to below $50 a barrel. Lacking funds, the government could no longer promise jobs to voters and had to start thinking creatively about serious economic development. One was the massive privatization of the power system, a sensible idea that promised to take energy provision out of the hands of a broken state and give it to businessmen to run. The problem is that costly investment and redevelopment didn't come soon enough: Millions were left without power and the government's few bold attempts at reform smacked of betrayal. The problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism. Nigeria is not a natural, comfortable nation state; it's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions. The south is dominated by Christians like Jonathan, the north by Muslims like Buhari. And the north has witnessed a brutal, bloody terrorist insurgency led by Boko Haram, which translates as "Western education is forbidden." Westerners might assume that Boko Haram's major target is the Christian south but, in fact, its war is as much against nonfundamentalist Muslims as it is non-Muslims, and its attacks have generally been focused on Islamic population centers. Failure to deal with this has not entirely been due to Boko Haram's strategic ingenuity. Previous administrations have simply been too dysfunctional to fight a war on terror. In 2010, for instance, the government awarded a $470 million contract to provide security in Abuja. Few of the promised cameras were installed, yet the money was still paid in full. And soldiers sent to the front report being poorly equipped. The government is thought to have resorted to trying to purchase arms on the international black market, according to news reports -- although this is the kind of story that is hard to verify due to bans on granting visas to foreign journalists (I was in Nigeria as a consultant on a business visa). What is directly observable is that while the government proved capable of providing security in some areas, in others it utterly failed. And the Jonathan government might have benefited from the Boko Haram terrorist emergency continuing in Muslim centers, for the Muslims were far more likely to vote for Buhari. For Buhari to win, he had to draw large numbers of votes in Christian areas -- and there, again, a Western prejudice is challenged. The victory of a Muslim candidate in Nigeria does not represent the victory of Islamism, as we have so often been told by those skeptical of the ability of the Muslim world to govern itself. On the contrary, Buhari is associated with an earlier period in Nigerian history when the army was relatively well paid and respected. He ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines, for sure. But he also ran a War Against Indiscipline when in power in which civil servants who were late to work were ordered to do frog jumps, drug dealers were publicly executed, and some 474 politicians and business were arrested on charges of corruption. Buhari was removed in a coup, and he left office with the rare distinction of not having made very much money from it. Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption. Get the army functioning properly again, Nigerians hope, and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists. Buhari has his critics, many of whom charge him with misrepresenting his CV and being a closet authoritarian. But they cannot deny that he has won this historic victory because he has touched a chord with a people exhausted by years of misrule. You can only bribe the voters for so long before the squalor becomes too much to bear.
Bulgaria might not be the first hotspot that springs to mind for a summer holiday – but that could change after it was named Europe's cheapest destination yesterday. The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink, according to a study. Scroll down for video . Affordable: Bulgaria has been named Europe's cheapest destination, with Black Sea resorts like Sunny Beach (pictured) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities . Hotspot: Bulgaria's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece . It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries. Research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of £37.39 for Bulgaria, which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer. There was a bigger fall of 22 per cent for the Algarve in Portugal, taking the total cost to £44.02, helping it beat Spain's Costa del Sol to become the second cheapest destination. Only in Turkey, where inflation is 7.6 per cent – compared to virtually zero in Britain and the eurozone – will Britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive. The figures, compiled for the annual Post Office Holiday Costs Barometer, show the spending basket in Turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year, at £65.70. Bulgaria's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece. Described by travel agents as 'lively', it has a wide sandy beach, high-rise hotels, bars, restaurants and water parks. It also has a long summer season from May to September and boasts around 300 days of sunshine year – more than Miami Beach in Florida. Peak-season return flights to Burgas airport cost £400 a head. Once there, a three-course meal for two with wine comes in at £19.60, and a cup of coffee at 78p. The country, whose currency is the lev, also has some popular ski resorts. The research is good news for travellers to the Algarve, which offers good-value restaurants, with a three-course meal for two including wine costing just £16.42, while a coffee will set you back 52p. At the other end of the scale, Sorrento in southern Italy is the dearest resort. Its basket costs £101.60 – almost three times Bulgaria's. Holiday: Bulgaria (pictured) is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . There, a cup of coffee comes in at £1.49, while the three-course meal for two was a much dearer £52.24. Andrew Brown, of Post Office Travel Money, said: 'Meal prices can have a big impact on the holiday budget and make a big dent in holiday finances for people who plan to eat out every night. 'In the Algarve, a three-course meal costs less than half the price in other resorts. Be aware of what to expect before facing the bill.'
Drank himself to death: Charles Terreni Jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died . An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a 'tragic and totally preventable death', a coroner has ruled. Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on March 18, the morning after an alleged 'kegger' at the house for the annual Irish holiday. Terreni's official blood alcohol reading was .375, according to WISTV. He is the son of Columbia attorney Charles Terreni, a former staff member for then-Lt. Gov. Bob Peeler, a former state Public Service Commissioner and a man involved in legislative redistricting. The death is still under investigation. Circumstances leading up to his death are not clear, but the house was draped in St Patrick's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside. Neither the fraternity nor the university has explained the situation in detail. However, USC suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death. Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning. 'I would say there are three houses there, and I don't know who exactly lives in them, but there's always a frequency of parties going on,' neighbor Mehrdad Vejdani told Fox Carolina. 'At times, there can be a hundred people in that place. Live band in the backyard, which is fine. I mean, some noise, but it doesn't bother us too much.' Scroll down for video . Suspended: The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended, after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning . Rager? Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day. On Wednesday, several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch, as well as clover decorations . The Columbia Police Department and Richland County Coroner's Office have both labeled the death 'suspicious'. Responding the Terreni's death, the fraternity's national office released a statement saying the USC chapter had been placed on leave pending the investigation. It said: 'The fraternity’s thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man and the brothers of Xi Chapter'. A spokesman for USC added: 'There are a lot of rumors out there about the circumstances surrounding the death but at this point the matter remains under investigation.' 'While we await further information we are focused on helping our community grieve and heal.' This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week. Last Friday, the University of Connecticut chapter lost recognition for hazing members, providing alcohol to underage students and harassing women. Pi Kappa Alpha was founded in 1868 at the University of Virginia and has now grown to include some 220 groups across the U.S. and Canada. The house has been plagued by controversy before. In November 2012, a 19-year-old student at Northern Illinois University died after a night of heavy drinking. Five frat members were charged with felonies for hazing and the chapter was suspended indefinitely. That same year, the University of Tennessee, Knoxville chapter was suspended indefinitely when a 20-year-old member was hospitalized for reportedly ingesting wine through his anus.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen . A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes, as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop. Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels, who are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government. Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, the Saudi King Abdullah's nephew, has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh, the Saudi Arabian capital, a free Bentley. Prince Talal, who owns $300 million stake in Twitter, apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted, the International Business Times reported. He wrote: 'To recognise the one hundred participating Saudi pilots I am pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars,' On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids, which have killed at least 944 people and wounded around 3,480, had been successful and they were to focus on finding a political solution instead. But the raids appeared to have resumed by Wednesday, with fighting taking place in Taez. Dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed. Bin Talal, 60, is the grandson of Saudi Arabia's founder Ibn Saud and one of the richest men ion the world. He has an estimated fortune of $23 billion and investments in London's Savoy Hotel, Apple, Citigroup and News Corp. He has previously gifted 25 Bentleys to members of a Saudi football team and in 2013 threatened to boycott Forbes magazine for underestimating his wealth and saying he was only in 26th place in a list of the world's richest. Almost 1,000 people are thought to have been killed during four weeks of air strikes by Saudi Arabian forces . The Prince, who is a billionaire, has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a Bentley . His comments were met with criticism on Twitter, as well as supporters of those in Yemen who have been killed in the month long airstrikes. Saudi forces began its military campaign, called Operation Decisive Storm, on March 26. They were launched to stop the advancement of Shiite Houthi rebels who had previously overthrown the Saudi-backed government and ousted President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi. Saudi Arabian forces pledged that air strikes which destroyed areas of Sanaa would stop on Tuesday, but they appeared to resume again on Wednesday following advances by rebels on the ground in Yemen . After four weeks Hadi had still not be reinstated and the rebels still retain control of the capital Sanai. The Saudis announced yesterday an end to the 'successful' Operation Decisive Storm and that they would be moving to a new operation, dubbed 'Restoring Hope.' This is to focus on security and counter terrorism and was said to involve a downscaling of military activity. However the Saudi-led coalition had warned it stood ready to counter against any advance by the rebels - and appeared to take action today as fighting resumed in the second city of Aden as well as Taez. In Taez, the rebels took advantage of the lull in air strikes to overrun the headquarters of the 35th Armoured Brigade, loyal to Hadi,  an army officer said. The conflict has created severe shortages of food and other supplies by closing sea and airports.
Rory McIlroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the Masters. The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era, those being Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Ben Hogan, Gary Player and Gene Sarazen. Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters in Augusta . McIlroy was all smiles with his caddy Niall Horan of One Direction during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . A win for McIlroy on the hallowed grounds at the Augusta National this week would also be the third major he has won in a row after his success at The Open and the USPGA Championship towards the back end of 2014. The 25-year-old looked in good spirits on Wednesday when he was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan and shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest. As Rory commences his quest for glory, we look at how he can Master Augusta...
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious, says Joe Calzaghe. It is being billed as The Fight of the Century, and is worth at least $180million and $120m to Mayweather and Pacquiao respectively, but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome. 'There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than there will be on Pacquiao,' he told BBC Sport. 'Pacquiao has been beaten so he'll be more relaxed than Mayweather. The "zero" is a massive burden. Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight . Mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on May 2 . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in a bout in Las Vegas that has been billed 'The Fight of the Century' 'I don't think Mayweather was that impressive in his last two defences against Marcos Maidana. He made hard work of those fights. But you can't overlook a guy that's never lost. Mayweather is a fantastic fighter who always finds a way to win so he will be ready for this fight.' Mayweather has an impressive record, winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights, 26 by knockout. His opponent Pacquiao goes into the bout having lost five times in his career, with 57 wins and two draws overall, but Welshman Calzaghe warns Mayweather cannot underestimate his challenger. The Welshman, who is now 43,  retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats. 'Pacquiao can fight and there's always one great fight left in somebody,' Calzaghe added. 'But I think the win will go to Mayweather.' Tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation, and are expected to fetch between $1,500 (£1,000) and $7,500 (£5,000) apiece. Calzaghe takes part in a training session alongside his coach and friend Freddie Roach in Los Angeles . Pacquaio is watched by a crowd as he trains in Los Angeles, but Joe Calzaghe has backed his opponent . Calzaghe, who himself retired undefeated, believes Mayweather will overcome the challenge of Pacquiao .
With the Premier League season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June. Manchester City's tenacious,  creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent . Goalkeeper - Gerhard Tremmel (Swansea) At 36 years old, he is no spring chicken, but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side. Tremmel has played second fiddle to Michel Vorm and then Lukasz Fabianski during his four years at Swansea, but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the Swans beat Bradford in the Capital One Cup final two years ago. Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups . Right-back - Glen Johnson (Liverpool) England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup is still a regular for Liverpool, but he looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at Anfield this summer. Johnson, who has 54 England caps, is on a bumper deal at the Merseyside club and there seems to be little appetite to keep him on the books. England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool after six years this summer . Centre-back - Kolo Toure (Liverpool) Another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract. Toure kept Cristiano Ronaldo quiet with an excellent display when Real Madrid came to Anfield in November, but the 34-year-old Ivorian lacks consistency and has made some terrible gaffes in his time at the club. Inconsistency has been Kolo Toure's curse - the 34-year-old Ivorian has produced some howlers at Liverpool . Centre-back - Ron Vlaar (Aston Villa) Vlaar performed so well at the World Cup that his omission from the team of the tournament raised a few eyebrows, especially when Thiago Silva was selected ahead of him. Injury has restricted the Dutchman to 16 appearances for Villa this season. At 30, he has at least a couple of years left in him yet and will surely be courted by other top-flight teams. Holland's Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the World Cup but could leave Aston Villa . Left-back - Luke Garbutt (Everton) Everton have been doing everything they can to tie this promising young defender down to a new deal, but he is yet to put pen to paper. The 21-year-old has played nine times for Everton this year and faces a big battle to displace Leighton Baines so he may fancy a challenge elsewhere. Everton want to lock the talented 21-year-old Luke Garbutt down for the long term but he's yet to commit . Right wing - James Milner (Manchester City) Probably the most high-profile free agent available this summer, Milner has 15 years' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 England caps. Milner is both tenacious and creative, either in the centre of midfield or out wide, and he is still a year off his 30th birthday. Milner has 15 years in top flight experience, 53 England caps and still isn't 30, so a great buy for someone . Central midfield - Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) Named Arsenal captain last summer, but Arteta has not played for the Gunners since November due to injury. Hard to see him displacing the in-form Francis Coquelin on his return. May be 33, but still has a good eye for a pass and is also a free-kick specialist. Mikel Arteta hasn't played for Arsenal since November due to injury and will need to displace Francis Coquelin . Central midfield - Tom Cleverley (Manchester United) Named captain for a tour match against Roma last summer, Cleverley clearly thought he had a future under new United manager Louis van Gaal. 'I think I'm going to be his type of player,' he said. But alas, that did not prove to be the case. The 25-year-old was farmed out on loan to Aston Villa, where he has played 30 times. He is not wanted back at United. Villa and Everton are keen to sign the England international. Unwanted by Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley . Left wing - Jonas Gutierrez (Newcastle) Bravely battled back from testicular cancer to return to the Newcastle squad last month, but is no longer wanted by his club. Will be 32 in the summer, but still a good operator and would prove an inspirational figure to younger players around him. Testicular cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will be an important figure somewhere, even if it isn't Newcastle . Striker - Danny Ings (Burnley) One of a number of young English strikers pushing for national selection after scoring nine goals for Burnley this season. Rumoured to be of interest to Manchester United and their neighbours City, as well as David Moyes' Real Sociedad. Manchester United and City are said to be interested in Burnley's dangerous striker Danny Ings . Striker - James Wilson (Manchester United) Promoted to the first-team squad last summer following a fairytale debut under Ryan Giggs against Hull. The 19-year-old has played 16 times under Van Gaal, but has struggled to get on the bench recently and despite rumours of a new deal being close, the United academy product is yet to agree terms. James Wilson, 19, has played 16 times under Louis van Gaal but is now struggling to get on the bench .
Ed Miliband’s US adviser pays no tax in Britain on his reported £300,000 salary, he has admitted. David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. He has helped refine Mr Miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share. Advisor: David Axelrod (right) masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama (left). They are pictured together in February 2008 on a campaign aircraft in Idaho, nine months before his first win . And he will have been aware of Labour’s eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week. But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK. Asked whether he pays tax in Britain, he told the Daily Telegraph: ‘I don’t do my accounting so I don’t know but I’m not in residence there.’ Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm and that he ‘lives in the US, works in the US and pays taxes in the US’. Hired by the Labour leader: Mr Axelrod (right) has helped refine Ed Miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and also offers advice by phone. Mr Miliband made his crackdown on those do not pay tax on their foreign earnings a key pledge in his manifesto. Some remain ‘non-domiciled’ for tax despite spending most of their time in the UK but others, critics of Mr Miliband have claimed, are genuinely only in the country for short periods. Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns that despite his high salary, Mr Axelrod has been ‘invisible’ ahead of polling day. His biography does not mention his work for Mr Miliband. It is understood that Lynton Crosby, the Conservatives’ Australian election chief, pays full taxes on his earnings in both the UK and Australia, however he is currently working full-time in the UK. David Axelrod: Two presidential triumphs in the US . Behind David Axelrod's self-confessed 'tired and rumpled' appearance lies one of the sharpest political brains of his generation. He won fame in the US after helping to convince Americans to pick their first black president in 2008 and then helped Barack Obama's re-election four years later. But the two presidential triumphs are only the highest profile in a string of Democrat successes that have made the 60-year-old New Yorker a back room political superstar. It began 30 years ago when, fresh from quitting his job as the youngest ever political editor of the Chicago Tribune, he helped oust a three-term Republican senator for Illinois. Three years later, he was a key member of the team that helped re-elect Chicago's first black mayor Harold Washington. But he has not been as successful in Europe. Former Italian prime minister Mario Monti secured only 10.5 per cent of the vote in Italy in 2013 despite the guru's advice.
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer. The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane, with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens. But Adebayor's wages will prove a key factor this summer, with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move. Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club . Adebayor (right) is out of favour under current Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino (centre) However, Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves. Chairman Daniel Levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past, but is so keen to show Adebayor the door that he has now changed tact. Adebayor will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent move. A loan switch may suit the former Arsenal man knowing he could net a lucrative free transfer at the end of his Spurs deal in 2016. The 31-year-old Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs . Adebayor is on the peripheries of Pochettino's first-team plans and is unlikely to push himself to the forefront of the Argentine's blueprint any time soon. The form of Harry Kane, coupled with off the field problems, has seen the striker make just nine league starts this season. Despite his problems on-the-pitch, the 31-year-old seems content with life off it as he took to Instagram on Wednesday afternoon. Accompanied with the caption: 'SEA, my African roots made me what I am today. They are the reason I'am here today. I owe the continent a lot. It felt amazing to be back home,' the forward posted via the social media network a picture head-to-toe in African clothing stating his pride in his heritage.
All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday. The 30-year-old hit five in Real's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far. Ronaldo's quintuplet moved him above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in La Liga at the end of the season. Spanish paper Marca (left) previews Real Madrid's trip to Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward Cristiano Ronaldo after his five-goal haul against Granada at the weekend . And going into Wednesday's Madrid derby, Marca builds up to the match by focusing on Ronaldo. Leading with the headline: 'Captain Thunder against Rayo,' the paper states that Ronaldo 'arrives unleashed after his exhibition against Granada.' In addition Marca adds that Ronaldo will be up against Rayo striker Alberto Bueno - the highest scoring Spaniard in the league at present with 15 goals. Meanwhile in Catalonia, Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona's clash against Almeria on Wednesday night - and more so the importance of Lionel Messi. If he plays at the Nou Camp, it would be the 50th consecutive week that the Argentina maestro has done so in the Spanish top flight - dating back to January 11, 2014. Barca coach Luis Enrique says he will make changes against Almeria - but Mundo adds that if Messi isn't spared then it is 'cruel' on the 27-year-old. Meanwhile in Italy, the reaction from Juventus' Coppa Italia semi-final triumph over their bitter rivals Fiorentina continues. Over in Italy, the papers focus on Juventus' 3-0 Coppa Italia semi-final second leg win over Fiorentina . Goals from Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci saw Juve overturn a 2-1 first leg deficit to win 4-2 on aggregate at the home of the Viola. Corriere dello Sport hails the visitors' performance with the headline 'Tre-mendous Juventus' adding that manager Massimiliano Allegri produced a tactical masterpiece to seal victory without a number of his regular starters - including star striker Carlos Tevez. Aside from Juventus' win, Corriere dello Sport and Tuttosport both report that Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is being linked with a move to AC Milan. The 28-year-old is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the French capital, often shunted out wide to get the best out of the Swedish striker. And Tuttosport adds that the Uruguay international has been offered to Milan - with the deal currently being 'weighed up.'
Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. All of a sudden, there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely. As a Chelsea player and coach, Clarke has fought hard across the capital with Arsenal over the years but through the first-half at Wembley, his Reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents. They were flat. They backed off and defended, and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year. Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium . Arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon. Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez, bought for a total of more than £70million, combined to open the scoring. What could Reading do with that sort of money? Ozil and Sanchez swaggered down the tunnel for the start of the second-half, deep in conversation, planning more damage but Reading stirred, found an equaliser and were able to add urgency to their game. Clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline. His team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling FA Cup semi-final. It was their first since 1927, so it would have been a shame to go home without a fight. As for Clarke, this must have felt good. He has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football’s elite since he was sacked by West Brom, but here he detected an FA Cup final as Wojciech Szczesny was unable to keep out a deflected volley from Garath McCleary. The Reading boss won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994, a game he considers a defining moment in the history of the West London club. Reading's Garath McCleary (bottom right) celebrates after scoring a shock equaliser against Arsenal . But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time . Clarke consoles his dejected keeper following the full-time whistle at Wembley . They barely looked back and were tightening their grip on a fourth Barclays Premier League title as Reading took Arsenal in extra-time. For all their quality, Arsene Wenger’s team still have vulnerabilities. Clarke, having learned much at the shoulder of Jose Mourinho, will have been aware of that. He will have been disappointed with the first-half display but hugely proud of their response and the desire they showed. In the end, Reading were unable to wreck Arsenal’s defence of the trophy or Wenger’s drive towards becoming only the second manager in history to win it six times, after George Ramsay with Aston Villa, all prior to 1920. But, as Clarke goes back to the Championship and a home game against Birmingham, he will take strength from this display and use it to inspire his return to the top-flight. Despite the defeat, Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .
Like many twins, they are dressed alike, right down to their pink and white bootees. But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins. They are one in a million. An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white. Father Curtis Martin and mother Rebecca Horton cradle twins Kendall (centre left) and Baylee (centre right) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . Miss Horton, 28, is white, while Mr Curtis, 24, is half Jamaican. Their twins' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical, though it is still highly unlikely . The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related. And their mother, Rebecca Horton, said: ‘When they were born, we kept staring at both of them – we couldn’t believe it. ‘It was a lovely feeling and a big shock. ‘One thing I know for sure is that family and friends won’t ever struggle to tell them apart.’ The little girls’ contrasting looks can be traced back to their parents. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. As non-identical twins, they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm. This means they have inherited different genes from their parents. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone. Mr Curtis says that the couple do get looks when they are out in public with the girls, and admits that if he saw somebody with them, he would struggle to believe they were related . The girls also have very different personalities, as well as different skin tones. Kedall (left) is very relaxed and likes to sleep a lot, but Baylee (right) cries a lot and demands lots of attention . But, in odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin. And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin, passed on from her mixed-race father. The twins also have very different characters. Kendall, who weighed 6lb 1oz when she was born three months ago, is very laid-back and likes nothing more than to sleep the day away. The pair say that since having twins they have forgotten what it feels like to have a good night's sleep, but say they wouldn't have it any other way . In contrast, Baylee, who was slightly heavier at 6lb 5oz , is ‘loud and needy’ and loves attention. This could come in useful, as she and her sister are already attracting attention wherever they go. Their mother, a 28-year-old delivery driver for Asda, said: ‘When people look in the pram and see that one is darker than the other, they will sometimes be a bit thrown and ask if they are twins. ‘They are shocked when we say yes.’ Mr Martin, a 24-year-old builder from Kingswinford in the West Midlands, told the Sun: ‘Everybody loves them. ‘We’ve got used to it but you hear people whisper as we walk past. ‘If I saw them out, I don’t think I’d believe they were related.’ The couple, who also have a five-year-old son called Coby, knew from quite early on in the pregnancy that Rebecca was having twins. However, they weren’t prepared for how much work would be involved. But while they have completely forgotten what it is like to have a good night’s sleep, they wouldn’t have it any other way. Allan Pacey, a Sheffield University fertility doctor, said that just as twins can have different hair or eyes, they can also be born with skin of different colours. And just as a baby’s hair often changes with age, with blonde hair, for instance, darkening, the twins’ skin may yet change. This could lead to them looking more similar – or even more different. Professor Pacey said the girls’ contrasting skin colours are caused by the way their parents’ genes were shuffled before being passed on. He said: ‘This shuffling has created something that is completely unexpected and throws us but it is just nature’s way of making us diverse.’ Twins can be created in two different ways. Either by one sperm fertilizing one egg, which then splits into two foetuses, or by two different sperm fertilizing two different eggs. The first method leads to monozygotic, or identical twins, who share the same set of DNA, and so will be the same sex and largely share the same physical characteristics. The second method will create dizygotic, or non-identical twins, who do not share the same genetic material and can therefore be born as different genders and with different physical characteristics. Kendall and Baylee are dizygotic twins, which explains their contrasting skin tone, though having twins with such a drastic difference in colour is still extremely rare. The fact that they share a gender is completely down to chance.
A video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside, may be enough to scramble your brain. YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon. Scroll down for video . Egg-traordinary: US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg (shown on the left) that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ In the video, Elman511 cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white. He then cracks the smaller egg, which also has a yolk and white inside. ‘That’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg…an egg inside of an egg… crazy man,’ he said, before noting that the yolks look rich. Egg-citing: In the video, ‘Elman511’ cracks the egg (pictured), which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white. The unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . This is when a second oocyte (yolk) is released by the hen's ovary before the first egg has completely traveled through the oviduct and been laid. When the second oocyte’s released, the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct, were the shell is made. It’s thought that a shock, or stress causes a contraction, forcing first egg to reverse its course. This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte, which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell, creating a giant egg around the first one. The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction. A hen releases an oocyte from her left ovary into her oviduct every 18 to 26 hours, Back Yard Poultry Mag explained. Usually, the oocyte travels down the oviduct, adding layers of the egg until it’s laid through the hen’s vent. But in a counter-peristalsis contraction, a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey. When the second oocyte’s released, the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct, were the shell is made. It’s thought that a shock, or stress causes a contraction, forcing first egg to reverse its course. This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte, which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell, creating a giant egg around the first one. The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus. Ask the egg-spert: In a counter-peristalsis contraction, a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey. This results in an egg with another made inside it, producing two yolks (pictured)
The prospect of a Labour government is knocking up to 10 per cent off the price of some of Britain's most expensive homes, it has been claimed. Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister. Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for the same property. Labour leader Ed Miliband, on the BBC's Andrew Marr show (left), has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over £2million. The annual levy will hit his own home in north London (right) Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the NHS. Under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls, homeowners with properties worth between £2million and £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax. Owners of homes worth more than £3million will have to pay even more. The Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax' and warned that families living in much more modest properties could be dragged into the levy. Mr Milliband himself has admitted that his North London home would be hit by his party's planned annual levy. David Cameron, on Sky's Murnaghan show this morning, has criticised Labour's proposed mansion tax as a 'home tax' A Labour government could see people's mortgage bills soar by £1,000 a year, George Osborne has claimed. The Chancellor warned warned that the prospect of Ed Miliband propped up by the SNP would lead to a 'clear and present danger' of rising interest rates. Predicting increases in mortgage rates, he said: 'A 1% rise in interest rates would hit the family with the average mortgage with an extra £1,000 bill a year. The price is paid by working people.' The Labour leader lives in a four-bedroom semi-detached house in Dartmouth Park valued at around £2.7million. But if Mr Miliband ever came to sell his home as Prime Minister he could be forced to lower the price to cover the costs of his own mansion tax. According to the Sunday Times, one buyer who is about to exchange contracts on a £15million property in St John's Wood, north London, has threatened to drop his offer to £13.5million if the deal is not completed before May 7 and Mr Miliband becomes Prime Minister. In Notting Hill, west London, a buyer of a property for sale just above £2million has said he will only pay that price only if David Cameron makes it back to Number 10. Miles Meacock, of Strutt & Parker, the estate agent, in Notting Hill, told the Sunday Times that the bidder who had trimmed £100,000 from their offer for a £2m property, wanted to be sure of permanently avoiding the burden of mansion tax. He said: 'If the Tories win, he will come back to the table. This is likely to be a phenomenon for the next two weeks.' According to the property website Rightmove 77 homes previously listed for sale above £2million have been reduced to below the 'mansion tax level' in the past six weeks. Ed Mead, an executive director at the London estate agent Douglas & Gordon, some sellers are so concerned about the mansion tax putting off potential buyers that they have told prospective buyers they will cover the full cost of it for a five-year Labour term. The Liberal Democrats have a similar mansion tax proposal. Nick Clegg wants to charge £2,000 a year on properties worth between £2million and £2.5million, rising to £3,500 for those worth between £2.5million and £3million, £5,000 for £3million to £4million and £9,000 for those worth up to £5million.
Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Sunderland's home clash with Newcastle... Sunderland vs Newcastle United (Stadium of Light) Team news . Sunderland . Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for Sunday's derby clash with Newcastle. Head coach Dick Advocaat has confirmed that Cattermole will be back against the Magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season. Lee Cattermole trains with Sunderland on the Friday before the Wear-Tyne derby . However, Advocaat will be without experienced defender Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem, while midfielders Will Buckley (knee) and Emanuele Giaccherini (ankle) are still out. Provisional squad: Pantilimon, Mannone, Reveillere, Van Aanholt, Jones, O'Shea, Vergini, Coates, Cattermole, Bridcutt, Rodwell, Johnson, Larsson, Alvarez, Gomez, Agnew, Honeyman, Fletcher, Defoe, Wickham, Graham. Newcastle . Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday's derby trip to Sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery. The full-back has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee which has forced him to sit out the last two games. Massadio Haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season . Haidara will join fellow defenders Steven Taylor (achilles), Paul Dummett (knee) and midfielders Cheick Tiote (also knee) and Siem de Jong (collapsed lung) on the sidelines. Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem, but winger Rolando Aarons (hamstring) will not be risked and defender Fabricio Coloccini and striker Papiss Cisse continue their respective suspensions. Provisional squad: Krul, Elliot, Janmaat, Williamson, R.Taylor, Satka, Sterry, Abeid, Anita, Colback, Sissoko, Gouffran, Cabella, Ameobi, Obertan, Gutierrez, Kemen, Riviere, Perez, Armstrong. Kick-off: Sunday, 4pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds (subject to change): . Sunderland 8/5 . Draw 21/10 . Newcastle 9/5 . Referee: Mike Dean . Managers: Dick Advocaat (Sunderland), John Carver (Newcastle) Head-to-head league record: Sunderland wins 45, draws 43, Newcastle wins 51 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Sunderland are unbeaten in their last six Premier League games against Newcastle United (W4 D2), winning the last four. Newcastle have seen nine goals scored by substitutes in the Premier League this season; more than any other side. The Black Cats have won four successive league derbies against Newcastle United for the first time in their history. Adam Johnson has scored three goals and provided one assist in his last four Premier League appearances versus Newcastle United. Sunderland have won just two of their last 16 Premier League matches at the Stadium of Light (W2 D7 L7). Steven Taylor (centre) celebrates a goal by Ryan Taylor (right) during Newcastle's last victory over Sunderland which was a 1-0 win at the Stadium of Light in August 2011 . The Black Cats have failed to score in four of their last five Premier League home matches. The Magpies have conceded a league-high nine goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season, including Adam Johnson’s 90th minute winner in the reverse fixture back in December. Those nine goals conceded in the final five minutes of PL games in 2014-15 have cost Newcastle United eight points. Sunderland have drawn seven games 0-0 in the Premier League this season – the record in a single PL campaign is nine (Sheffield United in 1993-94 and Leeds in 1996-97). The two players with the most yellow cards in the Premier League this season could meet in this match – Lee Cattermole and Jack Colback (10 yellows each).
Sofia Abramovich is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman, so it's little wonder that there are many people interested in her Instagram account. But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life, the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism. Sofia, the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich's five offspring with second wife Irina, revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight. Scroll down for video . Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity . But now Sofia has hit back, saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life. Sofia posted an image to Instagram which read: 'Now that people have discovered my Instagram, I've been getting a lot of hatred and offensive comments. 'I've been scrutinised and some people say some really horrible things that I've had to delete or block. 'This made me feel even more self conscious about myself and my body, it put me under a lot of pressure to look perfect.' Sofia posted this picture to the social networking site explaining how she was not going to let people on Instagram get her down anymore . She continued: 'Only recently have I realised that every one has a different perfect. I may have never been perfect in other people's eyes or even my own but I have decided to be happy and positive. 'I know I will never be a stick skinny model girl and I'm accepting that fact. However, I know my body isn't as healthy as it could be so I'm going to change that. 'A friend recently told me that being healthy and dieting isn't about losing weight, living longer and looking better... it's about letting your body (and mind) be happy now and giving it a chance to explain what it needs (thanks @howtogreen).' Sofia concluded: 'Starting today I'm going to be as positive as I can about my life and myself. 'I have so much to be grateful for and I feel awful that I felt depressed around some amazing people because of the comments I got.' Sofia is Roman's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina, the pair had five children and split in 2007 . Sofia likes to ride her horses, she has also said she will dedicate some time to walking her dogs . Sofia then listed how she plans to change her life saying: 'Any rude, offensive or explicit comment won't be deleted or blocked. It just won't have an impact on my life or mood. 'Any negativity will be turned into a positive thing... I'm going to start eating healthy eating. Not going for the full on vegan / gluten free / sugar free / carb free life but one where everything my body needs it will get. 'I am going to start going to the gym properly. However, exams and work are a priority right now so that might have to be put off. 'Hiking / dog walks are going to be a major part of my day.' Sofia is Roman's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina. The couple had five children together before they divorced in 2007. For Sofia's 18th birthday the Russian businessman and owner of Chelsea football club paid £30,000 to have the band McBusted entertain his daughter and her friends. Touching: Sofia Abramovich (pictured) has shared several family photos with her father . Birthday girl: Sofia Abramovich with her macaron-encrusted cake created by baker Peggy Porschen . As well as the standard stream of selfies, Sofia, an equestrian, has also posted old family portraits and pictures of her as a child with her businessman father. And, despite her privileged upbringing, rather than bragging about her family's wealth, down-to-earth Sofia prefers posts about baking, horses and her friends. She has also uploaded a string of old photographs from her childhood, many with her 47-year-old father. Roman Abramovich, the 50th richest man in the world, divorced her mother Irina in 2007, which saw the former air hostess receive a record settlement said to be at least £1billion. Abramovich then went on to marry Dasha Zhukova, 33, and has since had two more children.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real. Yet, once the emotions have settled, Real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve. They agreed an option with Manchester United last summer that would £7.5million of  a final sum of around £15million paid at the end of the season, but Real want to place their money elsewhere. Javier Hernandez wheels away after scoring against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final . The Mexico striker's late goal was enough to send Real Madrid through to the semi-finals . Despite his heroics, Real are unlikley to take up an option of making the Man United star's loan permanent . United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract and his exploits in the Bernabeu will only strengthen their hand. Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them while Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight. Lazio, who tried to sign him in January before realising he had already played for United this season, maintain an interest while Premier League sides such as Everton, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be kept informed. Southampton may yet strike a deal involving Nathaniel Clyne going the other way while La Liga rivals Valencia are also among his admirers. The forward is not wanted at United, but has attracted interest from a number of clubs home and abroad . Real Madrid stars (L-R) Pepe, Critsiano Ronaldo, Dani Carvajal and Sergio Ramos celebrate victory . Hernandez has spoken of his frustration at Madrid this season, he has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football, averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions. Hamstring premitting, he will likely start at Celta Vigo on Sunday, at home to Almeria next midweek and potentially against Sevilla depending on the recovery of Karim Benzema. 20 September, 2014: Two in 8-2 win away at Deportivo . 18 October, 2014: One in a 5-0 away win at Levante . 29 October, 2014: One in 4-1 Copa del Rey win at Cornella . 11 April, 2015: One in 3-0 league victory over Eibar . 22 April, 2015: Winner in 1-0 aggregate victory over Atletico (Champions League) Appearances: 24 Goals: 6 .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off. The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm. Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer . Klopp could be heading for the exit door after seven largely successful years at Dortmund . A downcast Klopp during Dortmund's 3-1 loss to Borussia Monchengladbach at the weekend . Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp . Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. The German newspaper Bild report that Klopp has told Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke he wants to leave after seven years at the Westfalenstadion. In that time, he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup, as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013. Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel, 41, is in the frame to take over. Although Klopp is contracted to Dortmund until 2018, he is understood to be exhausted following a difficult season in which the club have flirted with relegation. Dejected Dortmund players Neven Subotic, Mats Hummels, Sokratis and Ciro Immobile after Saturday's loss . The season has been one of struggle for Dortmund, who flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . Klopp shakes hands with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before their Champions League tie in November . The news about Klopp's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . Bundesliga 2010-11, 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013, 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011, 2012 . Sitting in 10th position, Dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders Bayern Munich. But even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks. They suffered further embarrassment in the Champions League, beaten 3-0 at home by Juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat. The relationship between Klopp and bosses Watzke and sport manager Michael Zorc has become increasingly strained. Bild also claim that Zorc met with Tuchel back in April 2014 amid speculation that Klopp was set to join a Premier League club then. 15/8 - Man City . 11/2 - Real Madrid . 6/1 - Arsenal . 6/1 - Liverpool . 7/1 - Barcelona . 10/1 - Chelsea . 10/1 - Bayern Munich . 12/1 - Man United . 17/1 - Everton . 33/1 - Southampton . 33/1 - Atletico Madrid . 45/1 - Newcastle . 45/1 - West Ham . Odds courtesy of Paddy Power, correct at time of publication .
The richest fight of all time continues to break through the barriers of history – mostly in terms of financial records, naturally. For the first time in the annals of boxing – as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday – fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in. This formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 when Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill. Floyd Mayweather with girlfriend Doralie Medina (left) and Manny Pacquiao with his wife Jinkee (right) Pacquiao with his wife and  children (left to right) Michael, Israel, Emmanuel, Princess and Queen Elizabeth . Mayweather visits SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas, a new-age version of the ice bath . No fewer than 30,000 of the Manchester Hitman's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh-in. The atmosphere was electrified when Hatton yelled 'let's be having him' as Mayweather was about to follow him onto the stage. Hatton would be knocked out but there was more of the same when he went back to the MGM Grand to suffer the same fate against Pacquiao two years later. Since then weigh-ins there have turned into sound and light spectacles, taking place inside the Grand Garden Arena itself, and the audiences keep growing. The decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety, not profit. Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week and the MGM need to control the crowds at all the associated events. Thousands of fans watched Ricky Hatton and Mayweather weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . Hatton points towards the crowd during his heated weigh-in with Mayweather in December 2007 . Mayweather poses in his TMT clothing as he takes a break from training over the weekend . To avoid accusations of cashing in on the phenomenon the hotel and both promoters – Mayweather and Top Rank – will donate all revenue from the weigh-in to charities nominated by the Money Man and the PacMan. Mayweather and Pacquiao will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles. Wladimir Klitschko, as he makes a rare appearance in the US this Saturday, admits that at 39 he has to start considering when he might hang up those huge gloves. However, assuming he adds Bryant Jennings to his long list of victims, that will not happen before Dr Iron Fist has obliged the two young pretenders to his heavyweight throne. Namely our own Tyson Fury and America's KO sensation Deontay Wilder. Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday . Klitschko says: 'I do have to start thinking about retirement.' But then the Ukrainian who boxes mostly to sell-out crowds in German football stadia, adds: 'I would like to fight Fury, which would be a huge event in Europe. 'I want to fight Wilder, to add the only remaining belt to my unified world titles.' Unusually, both men would present Klitschko with opposition as tall or, in Fury's case, even taller than his own 6ft 6in. Fury is his mandatory challenger for the WBO title. Wilder holds the WBC title which was vacated by Klitschko's brother Vitali when he retired to concentrate on the violent complexities of Ukrainian politics as Mayor of Kiev. WBC heavyweight champions Deontay Wilder looks set to face Klitschko before he hangs up his gloves . Wladimir is also the WBA, IBF, IBO and Ring magazine champion. There is another factor which will tempt him to prolong his reign even further. Currently he ranks fourth in the all-time list of successive world heavyweight title defences, with 18. Victories over Jennings – which looks to be something of a formality in New York's Madison Square Garden, would lift him level with Muhammad Ali and Larry Holmes on 19. If he adds wins over Fury and Wilder he will close to within just four victories of the 25-defences record held by Joe Louis. That is likely to be an opportunity too good to refuse. Tyson Fury, pictured in action against Dereck Chisora, is Klitschko's mandatory challenger for the WBO title . The crushing defeat of Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr by the largely unheralded and, in terms of his first name, unpronounceable Pole Andrzej Fonfara, complicates Carl Froch's exit strategy from the ring. One of Froch's two dream scenarios has been a farewell fight in Las Vegas, probably against Chavez with his box office appeal for America's Hispanic population and fans south of the border in Mexico. But the namesake son of an idolised father was so badly beaten up through nine rounds in California by Fonfara – suffering the first knock down of his career in the process – that he quit on his stool. Carl Froch could choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr's defeat by Andrzej Fonfara last week . Inadvisedly, Chavez had agreed to a catch-weight fight with light-heavyweight contender Fonfara and is talking about going back down to Froch's super-middleweight division. Whether this former middleweight champion would still be a draw after this setback is doubtful and Froch had said before the fight that it would hurt his plans 'if Chavez got knocked out. The other swansong ambition – to fight on the City Ground of his beloved Nottingham Forest – suffered a setback when Andre Ward agreed to come to England for their mandatory WBA title unifier but not to Froch's home town. Retirement is becoming an increasingly attractive option for the Cobra. Chavez (right) was stopped after nine rounds on his return to the ring following more than a year out .
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country, but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger. Ramsey’s QPR, who face Pulis’s West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday, are 19th in the Barclay’s Premier League table – four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th. The R’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis’s 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace, in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop. Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League . Indeed, Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February, but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics. ‘I think Tony Pulis would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach,’ Ramsey said when asked about the speculation. ‘He maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere. Not just here, at any club. ‘I think Tony gets a very bad reputation for the way he plays. What he does is he goes into places, assesses what the players need and gets the best out of them. I would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country.’ Ramsey claims Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain,' but says that he won't be asking for his advice . While Ramsey admits he is encouraged by the likes of Pulis, he firmly believes his own tactical acumen is the reason he was entrusted with keeping QPR in the top flight. ‘I take inspiration from Tony because I respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager,’ Ramsey continued. ‘I’ll take any advice from any coach in any league, because I realise how tough the job is. ‘As far as tactics are concerned, I don’t think I’d be looking at anybody else and asking for any advice. I’ve been put in the job for a reason, the reason being that the people who’ve put me in think I know what I’m doing. ‘Apart from a dodgy 20 minutes at Crystal Palace, I think we’ve been in every game, especially against the top teams. We were extremely disappointed we didn’t get anything against Everton. But ultimately it’s about the money ends of the ground, isn’t it? And we haven’t been good enough at both ends when it really counted.’ The Queens Park Rangers boss knows that his side can't afford to slip up anymore if they want to stay up .
Whether it’s a larger-than-life skyline in one of the world’s greatest cities or an endless vista of snow-topped mountains, people are willing to travel across the globe to take in a stunning view. While they provide plenty of memories and keepsake photos, these lofty perches require a head for heights as some of them are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy. Here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views. Scroll down for video . Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system . Located in the heart of downtown Toronto, the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada's largest city and Lake Ontario . CN Tower, Toronto . Toronto’s CN Tower is one of Canada’s most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years. At 1,815ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers. It welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year, including the brave souls who dare to walk on its glass floor or around the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail - making it the world's highest full circle. Known by its formal name of Preikestolen, this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft . To access the square formation of rock, which has breathtaking views of a fjord, visitors must hike more than two miles . Pulpit Rock, Forsand, Norway . Known by its formal name of Preikestolen, this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft. Visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site, which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers. It should come as no surprise that the square formation of rock is one of Norway’s top tourist draws, with more than 200,000 visitors every year. Visitors to the Grand Canyon were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge until the Skywalk opened . The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe . Grand Canyon Skywalk, Arizona . For centuries visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge. That all changed in 2007 when the Grand Canyon Skywalk opened on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe. The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge is nearly 4,000ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon. Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city's Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar (Sugarloaf Mountain) The mountain, located in Tijuca Forest, is best known for Christ the Redeemer, a giant statue of Jesus Christ . Corcovado, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil . This mountain in central Rio de Janeiro is best known for Christ the Redeemer, a giant statue of Jesus Christ that looms large over the famous coastal city. But those who have visited will never forget the sweeping views of Rio de Janeiro, including its Atlantic coast and Pao de Acucar (Sugarloaf Mountain). To get to the top of the 2,329ft mountain, visitors can take a tram or bus and then make the short hike up some steps. Located in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its  name thanks to its hand-like shape . During the winter the observation platform offers endless panoramas of snow-topped mountains over a drop of 1,300ft . Five Fingers, Austria . Located in the Dachstein Mountains, this viewing platform received its unusual name thanks to its hand-like shape. Tour guides hail it as the ‘most spectacular viewing platform in the Alps’, with a drop of 1,300ft. To get there visitors have to walk about 20 minutes from the Krippenstein Station on the cable car line. Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night . The mountain, also known as the Peak, is the highest on Hong Kong Island, at 1,811ft, and is accessible by a tram system . Victoria Peak, Hong Kong . Any travel guide will say that a trip to the top of Victoria Peak, with its impressive panorama of the city, is a must while visiting Hong Kong. The mountain, also known as the Peak, is the highest on Hong Kong Island, at 1,811ft, and is accessible by a tram system that has been in use for more than 120 years. The cluster of skyscrapers are a jaw-dropping sight in daylight, and they provide a remarkable light show at night. Tour guides insist Knife-Edge Point offers the best views of Victoria Falls, which straddles the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe . Victoria Falls, one of the seven natural wonders of the world, sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge . Knife-Edge Point, Zambia . The best vantage point of Victoria Falls, one of the seven natural wonders of the world, is on Knife-Edge Bridge. The falls straddle the borders of Zambia and Zimbabwe in southern Africa, and are the largest in the world based on width and height. This natural wonder sends 546 million cubic metres of water plummeting into a gorge. New York City has one of the most iconic skylines in the world, with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols . The Empire State Building's 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York, offering thrilling views . Empire State Building, New York City . The Big Apple has one of the most iconic skylines in the world, with the Empire State Building being one of its enduring symbols. Designed with Art Deco style the 102-storey skyscraper in midtown Manhattan stands at 1,454ft (with its antenna spire) and was once the tallest building in the world. The 86th floor is home to the highest outdoor observation in New York, offering thrilling views of one of the most visited cities in the world. At 2,080ft, the Tokyo Skytree, in Sumida, has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012 . The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks, plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base . Tokyo Skytree, Tokyo, Japan . At 2,080ft, the Tokyo Skytree has been the tallest tower in the world since it was completed in 2012. The broadcasting tower has a restaurant in the sky and two observation decks, plus a shopping complex and aquarium at its base. One of the decks spans three levels with 360-degree panoramic views of the Japanese city. Aiguille du Midi, a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps, has a viewing platform and bridge with endless views . To the south-east of Chamonix, the 12,605ft peak is home to a cafe and gift shop, and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year . Aiguille du Midi, Chamonix, France . Accessible by cable car, Aiguille du Midi, a mountain in Mont Blanc range in the French Alps, has a viewing platform and bridge where visitors can see for miles and miles. To the south-east of Chamonix, the 12,605ft peak is also home to a cafe and gift shop, and attracts nearly half a million visitors each year. It is the closest point to which thrill-seekers can get to the summit of Mont Blanc without having to hike or climb.
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona. What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood for the Catalans, who take a 3-1 lead to the Nou Camp after the Uruguayan's deadly double. With his side already 1-0 down through the imposing combination of Lionel Messi and Neymar, the night went from bad to worse when Luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes. Luis Suarez torments a less-than-fit David Luiz on a night to forget at Parc des Princes for the Brazilian . Suarez celebrates as he scores a double in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday night . A handful for any defender in the world at the best of times, let alone one not fully fit after a hamstring problem and thrust into the Champions League cauldron, a rampant Suarez scored an impressive double at Luiz's expense. Unfortunately for Luiz, both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and, unsurprisingly, internet jokers had a field day. Standing tall or rooted to the ground? This web jokester likens Luiz to Paris's famous Eiffel Tower . This is just nuts! Luiz holds a superimposed jar of Nutella in front of a Parisian skyline in another meme . Luiz is spared in this one as the PSG badge takes centre stage . Familiar faces went head-to-head as ex-Chelsea defender Luiz met ex-Liverpool star Suarez - Keanu Reeves' Neo from the Matrix films had the words - in French no less - to say it all .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control in the tie. And Suarez said: 'A striker is always looking for goals and the two moves came off for me. Luis Suarez puts the ball through David Luiz's legs before scoring his second goal for Barcelona . 'I had to nutmeg Luiz twice because there was nothing else I could do.' The double on Wednesday night took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games . Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night, threading the ball between Luiz's legs at pace, holding off a challenge from Maxwell and firing home. Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie with a 3-1 first leg win . Suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead . His second of the night was even better, again nutmegging Luiz before striding on and planting a shot into the top corner. But the forward was not looking ahead to the semi-finals just yet, adding: 'In football you never know what's going to happen. 'They have so much quality and we need to be aware that this isn't over. It'll be a good game.'
Dozens of Jet Airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane’s landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in India. The plane, carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members, tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho. The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop, and passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety. Photos provided by a journalist show the plane tilting to one side and its left engine touching the runway . In statements posted on Twitter, Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’ and said reports of a fire are untrue. Passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed, Indian media reported. The incident occurred as flight 9W2423 arrived at the airport in Khajuraho, about 375 miles south-east of Delhi in the state of Madhya Pradesh, from Varanasi, a 45-minute journey. After a brief stop in Varanasi the plane was scheduled to continue to Delhi. Photos provided to MailOnline Travel by a Live India journalist show the plane tilting to the left, with its left engine touching the runway and its emergency slides deployed. Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides . Jet Airways said in a statement: ‘Safety chutes were deployed and all 59 passengers and eight crew on board the aircraft disembarked safely and were transferred to the terminal. ‘Jet Airways is making arrangements to transfer outbound guests to Varanasi and Delhi. ‘An additional flight is also being operated on the Delhi-Varanasi sector to assist in accommodating the outbound guests.’ The Mumbai-based airline said India’s Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), which is responsible for investigating aviation accidents and incidents, has been informed. It added: ‘The safety of passengers is the airline’s number one priority and Jet Airways will be working closely with the authorities during the investigation into the cause of this incident.’ A government official told the Indian Express that no one was injured, but the runway is expected to be closed for 48 hours.
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been 'furious' with him after a bungled first date. Mrs Miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached'. But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their 'mutual friend' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders. Worse still, the politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics, which she can't stand. Scroll down for video . Justine Miliband, right, said she fell in love with her husband Ed, left, after she got bitten by a dog . Mrs Miliband, right, said Ed, left, did not tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party . The mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events. In an interview with the Daily Mirror, Mrs Miliband said: 'Canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with Ed in 2005. 'I had never been out leafleting before and didn't realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox. 'I'd been bitten by a Doberman. Ed bandaged me up and I fell in love with him.' The Doberman incident happened while canvassing in Mr Miliband's constituency in Doncaster. However, Mr Miliband almost doomed the couple's relationship on their first encounter after he failed to reveal that he was already in a relationship. She said: 'I thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached. But we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac. 'Apparently we had nothing in common. He wanted to talk about economics – one of my least favourite subjects. None of our conversations went anywhere.' The unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner. She said: 'I found out he was secretly going out with the woman who had invited us for dinner. I was furious. 'I bumped into him a couple of times after that, but we didn’t start seeing each other for at least a year.' Mrs Miliband said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend - understood to be the former BBC economics editor - who Ed was secretly in a relationship with . Mrs Miliband said neither her or her husband are bothered about the 'kitchengate' controversy when it emerged the couple had two kitchens - or 'bacongate' when Mr Miliband was caught struggling to each a sandwich . The couple have two children, Daniel and Samuel. However, Mrs Miliband, who is a lawyer, said she has no intention of giving up her job in the event her husband is elected prime minister. She said she was 'genuinely taken aback' by the suggestion. Mrs Miliband said she has been surprised by some people's obsession with their domestic arrangements. She added: 'With kitchengate, I was just amazed at the ink being spilled. I can't get upset about things like that when people are having terrible lives in this country and around the world. 'There are things in politics that are really serious and then there's lots of other stuff. It's partly why Ed and I get on so well. Both of us couldn't care less about kitchengate or bacon buttygate.'
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor. Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying: 'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down.' Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said: 'I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League . Burnley manager Sean Dyche shakes hands with Wenger following Arsenal 1-0 victory at Turf Moor . 'When you see their performance tonight (Saturday), I am surprised by their plight near the bottom. They have a great solidarity and organisation in their side. Burnley have won only once in 11 games, a famous 1-0 victory against City, but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop. They are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers Hull City, Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures. They have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games. Aaron Ramsey (right) scored the only goal of the game, but it was enough to secure three points . The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead . 'We have six big games coming and we have shown this season we can score goals,' he said. 'We are not naïve. We are willing and have an appetite to succeed.' 'The outside world thought we might not take anything from our last seven games. There are teams around us who are having an awkward time and maybe they feel the next matches more than us. 'It could well go do the wire. I am only concerned about us. I know if our performances are right, we will win games. I think we have measured ourselves well against the top sides and now there are going to be different type of games, edgy games.' Burnley were unlucky not to draw level after this acrobatic attempt was saved by David Ospina .
Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge  with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club. An emotional Klopp said: 'As a person, I would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.' Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . An emotional Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager . Klopp will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 . Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion . The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club . Klopp leaves the press conference after confirming his departure as Dortmund boss in the summer . Klopp was alongside chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke (left) and sporting director Michael Zorc (right) After the press conference, Klopp joined the Dortmund squad for a training session . Klopp speaks to the players in training, shortly after making the announcement he would be leaving the club . Dortmund are preparing for their home Bundesliga match with Paderborn at the weekend . Klopp issues instructions to his defender Mats Hummels during Wednesday's training session . Klopp, wearing a club tracksuit and baseball cap, cuts a lonely figure on the training ground . A downcast Klopp during Dortmund's 3-1 loss to Borussia Monchengladbach at the weekend . Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp . He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion following a difficult season in which Dortmund have flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga. Klopp said: 'I don't think of it as a load off my shoulders. I'm not tired, even though I look like this. 'I have had no contact with another club, but I am not planning a sabbatical.' Klopp has long been linked with a move to the English top flight and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. Bookmakers immediately installed Manchester City as the favourites to secure Klopp's services though the club insist they have no interest in him. Speculation has mounted that Manuel Pellegrini will be sacked in the summer after City's season unravelled, with Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola another name linked with the Etihad Stadium job. Dejected Dortmund players Neven Subotic, Mats Hummels, Sokratis and Ciro Immobile after Saturday's loss . The season has been one of struggle for Dortmund, who flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . April 18 Paderborn (H) April 25 Eintracht Frankfurt (H) April 28 Bayern Munich (A) DFB-Pokal Semi-final . May 2 Hoffenheim (A) May 9 Hertha Berlin (H) May 16 Wolfsburg (A) May 23 Werder Bremen (H) Reflecting on the need for a change, Klopp said: 'I am sure that the decision is absolutely right. This team deserves to have the absolutely one hundred per cent right coach. 'I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change. A major problem certainly is - as long as I'm here, we are always considering the successes of the past.' Klopp will not be severing all ties with the club, however, saying that he has already reserved three season tickets for the next campaign. Before the press confernece, Klopp embraced club CEO Watzke, who said: 'We had talks with Jurgen in the last days and came to the mutual decision that the way will end at the end of the season. 'It has been difficult for us because we have a very special relationship with each other. You can be certain that all the Borussen will forever be thankful to you.' Klopp shakes hands with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before their Champions League tie in November . The news about Klopp's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . Bundesliga 2010-11, 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013, 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011, 2012 . KLOPP'S RECORD AT DORTMUND . Pld 309 W 175 D 67 L 67 Win % 56.63 . An equally emotional Dortmund sporting manager Michael Zorc told Klopp: 'I think we wrote a modern fairytale in the last years with you as the key figure, Jurgen. 'Everyone at BVB, especially the players, should give you the send-off you deserve in the next weeks.' In his time at the Westfalenstadion, he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup, as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013. Bild reported that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel, 41, is in the frame to take over though Watzke was not prepared to comment on Klopp's successor. Although Klopp is contracted to Dortmund until 2018, he is seeking a new challenge following a difficult season in which the club have struggled for form. Sitting in 10th position, Dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders Bayern Munich. But even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks. They suffered further embarrassment in the Champions League, beaten 3-0 at home by Juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat. Bild claimed the relationship between Klopp and bosses Watzke and Zorc has become increasingly strained. Bild also claim that Zorc met with Tuchel back in April 2014 amid speculation that Klopp was set to join a Premier League club then. 15/8 - Man City . 11/2 - Real Madrid . 6/1 - Arsenal . 6/1 - Liverpool . 7/1 - Barcelona . 10/1 - Chelsea . 10/1 - Bayern Munich . 12/1 - Man United . 17/1 - Everton . 33/1 - Southampton . 33/1 - Atletico Madrid . 45/1 - Newcastle . 45/1 - West Ham . Odds courtesy of Paddy Power, correct at time of publication .
Teachers are set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. Many children are not ready to sit down and do  reading, writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five, according to the National Union of Teachers (NUT). At its annual conference in Harrogate, it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times. Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . It is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming', depriving youngsters of their 'fundamental human right to play' with their classmates. A resolution due to be put forward at the conference says: 'Primary schools are now being driven more and more towards a test and accountability culture which in turn makes them drive children of primary age to be educated in a formal way.' It goes on to suggest learning through play is known to help youngsters develop vital communication and social skills and that 'over-formalisation of learning can cause disaffection with school'. The motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) 'to reflect the needs of the children'. Speaking ahead of the conference, NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the 'formal sitting down' and 'come on let's do some work stage'' before they are seven. 'There is a question about whether we're expecting children to do things they're not developmentally ready for,' she said. The resolution, set to be heard on Saturday, also says: 'Lunchtime and break times are being used for coaching and cramming sessions, thus depriving primary age children of their fundamental human right to play and have free time to socialise with their peers.' The motion calls on the NUT to support play  for five to seven-year-olds 'to reflect the needs of the children' The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child says children have the right to play and rest, it adds. Ms Blower said: 'In Finland, there are 45-minute lessons and then they have a break. Between each teaching session they have a break. One thing about our children is that, relatively speaking, they are rushed from pillar to post. Not so much in primary school, but in secondary school. 'Having a break between lessons gives a bit of space to reflect on the lesson they've just had.' The motion calls on the NUT to campaign in England and Wales for new laws to ensure children have a right to appropriate breaks and lunchtimes. The resolution comes amid growing debate over what children should learn, with politicians and education experts increasingly calling for schools to teach values such character, teamwork and resilience alongside academic subjects.
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence. Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas but a shoulder injury forced the Nottingham world champion to pull out. Instead, Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year. WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch took part in a Poker tournament in Lenton . ‘I’m ticking over, just waiting at the moment,’ Froch told Sportsmail. ‘Chavez is back in action and hopefully he’ll do the business. If he comes through unscathed and he looks impressive then there’s no reason why negotiations can’t start for a fight with me. ‘We’ll see how he looks. He might get knocked out then it would be off the table. ‘We’ll take it from there and I’ll decide what I’m going to do based on how I feel in the gym. ‘It’s a fight that can be made and should be made providing we both want it. I’m prepared to travel to America because I’d like to fight in Las Vegas before I retire.’ Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. (right) in Las Vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury . Froch is still keen to fight in Las Vegas and would be open to travelling to America to fight Chavez . Carl Froch took part in the £1m guaranteed Main Event at the PokerStars UK & Ireland Poker Tour. To find out more about upcoming stops of the tour, please visit: PokerStars.com .
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid after the entrance the squad made to the Santiago Bernabeu. French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid's players were given from their supporters, who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation. 'Live from the bus before the match! A huge thank you for your support,' Varane wrote with the video. VIDEO - Scroll down to see Real Madrid's welcoming from their fans . Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid . Supporters lit flares and banged on the windows to encourage their team against Atletico . Real defender Varane filmed the footage of the supporters as the team arrived to play Atletico . Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Madrid in the 88th minute against Atletico to win the tie . The atmosphere inside the Santiago Bernabeu meant the iconic stadium resembled a furnace upon kick-off, but Atletico provided stubborn resistance to Real. It wasn't until Hernandez struck in the 88th minute, converting a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese star drove through Atletico's defence, that Madrid sealed a 1-0 aggregate triumph. Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Spanish rivals Barcelona, Serie A's runaway leaders Juventus or Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in the semi-finals. The draw takes place on Friday.
