Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
Dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Vegas .   Carrie Reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a * * ' The 43-year - old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
Justin Rose finished joint runner - up at the Masters 2015 on 14-under - par .   Rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters .   Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .   CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters .
Pair were left homeless after storms and met in Connecticut trailer park .   Won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after Easter to mark new start .   ` Because of Sandy I met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
The life of 16-year - old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people .   ` I do n't think there 's anything sad about this .   It 's such a celebration , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17-year - old friend of the slain teen .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with Sanchez 's murder .
Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award .   The 37-year - old 's foundation has done impressive work in Africa .   Some of Chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised £ 400,000 .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , Bobby Zamora made it three .   Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .
Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .   But it 's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray 's No 1 spot this week .   Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday .   There are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list .
Cuban - born Kathy Ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   Bikini - loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   Miami - based party girl is hoping to become next Kim Kardashian .   Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .
Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   They also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of Good Friday .   Group seen returning to scene on Saturday - a day after initial break - in .   Police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on Friday .
Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption .   He 's an ex - dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .   He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram .   Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
Bulgaria 's Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy , Spain and Turkey .   Researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket ' Cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   Its most popular resort of Sunny Beach copies those of Spain and Greece .
Charles Terreni , 18 , was found dead March 18 at a frat house in Columbia .   Terreni was a USC freshman and a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha house .   Coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   Toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   Neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   Saudi forces have focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen .   Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   He made pledge on Wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta .   The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia .   McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year .   One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday 's Par-3 Contest .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 .   Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   Despite that , the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent .   READ : Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight .   READ : Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel in goal behind the Free Agents ' 4 - 4 - 2 .   Glen Johnson , Kolo Toure , Ron Vlaar and Luke Garbutt at the back .   James Milner , Mikel Arteta , Tom Cleverley and Jonas Gutierrez in midfield .   Burnley 's Danny Ings and Manchester United 's James Wilson up front .
David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories .   He was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband amid great fanfare last year .   Revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in UK .   Labour confirms it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
Emmanuel Adebayor 's current Tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   The striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £ 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane .   Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9 - 1 in La Liga at the weekend .   Cristiano Ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   Real travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night .   Juventus won 3 - 0 at Fiorentina to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday .
Reading lost 2 - 1 against Arsenal in FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .   Royals took much fancied Gunners to extra - time after 1 - 1 draw .   Steve Clarke will take strength from impressive Reading display .
Rebecca Horton , 28 , and Curtis Martin , 24 , had twins Kendall and Baylee .   Girls are non - identical , meaning they do not share the same set of DNA .   This means their physical characteristics and genders can vary .   However , having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
Unusual egg was captured on camera by US YouTube user Elman511 .   Shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .   Phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that has n't been laid .
Estate agents are offering a ` Cameron price ' and a lower ` Miliband price ' Labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2million .   The prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount .   Some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .
Lee Cattermole returns from suspension for Sunderland .   But Black Cats without injured defender Wes Brown through a knee injury .   Knee surgery will see Massadio Haidara miss rest of the season .   Steven Taylor , Paul Dummett , Cheick Tiote and Siem de Jong also out for Newcastle United ahead of Wear - Tyne derby .
Sofia Abramovich took to Instagram to create a motivational post .   She said she had been criticised since people found her account .   The teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity .   Sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the Champions League quarter - final against Atletico Madrid .   Real Madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign Manchester United star .   Mexico international has attracted interest from Dinamo Moscow , Lazio , Everton , Newcastle , West Ham and Stoke .
Premier League clubs on alert after shock reports from Germany .   Klopp has told Dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer .   Press conference has been scheduled for 12.30 pm .   The 47-year - old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs .   Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there .   BREAKING NEWS : Klopp confirms he will leave Dortmund in the summer .
Fans will be charged to watch a weigh - in for the first time when Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio step on the scales .   All profits will be donated to charities nominated by the boxers .   Mayweather and Pacquiao will be weighed at the Grand Garden Arena .   Wladimir Klitschko admits that he is considering retirement .   The Ukrainian looks set to fight Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder .   Carl Froch may choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr 's defeat by Andrzej Fonfara .   Froch had hoped to face the Mexican in Las Vegas later this year .
Chris Ramsey praises Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in Britain .   The Queens Park Rangers boss says he wo n't be asking for his advice .   QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday in crucial relegation clash .   CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .
Holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man - made or natural vantage points .   Brave souls can hang over the edge of Toronto 's CN Tower , which stands 1,815 ft tall .   Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 in the Champions League .   Injured David Luiz forced into the fray after Thiago Silva limped off .   Luis Suarez nutmegged Luiz in lead up to both of his goals .   The internet soon filled with memes at the Brazilian 's expense .
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3 - 1 win over PSG .   Suarez nutmegged David Luiz on his way to scoring both goals .   The striker says the tie is not over despite Barca 's two - goal advantage .
Incident occurred as the Boeing 737 - 800 landed at Khajuraho airport .   Plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway .   Crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides .   Jet Airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
Ed Miliband bored his future wife Justine on their first meeting at a party .   The Labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest .   He then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host .   Mrs Miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ` kitchengate ' .
Arsene Wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against Burnley .   Arsenal needed an Aaron Ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at Turf Moor .   Wenger hails Burnley 's ` solidarity and organisation '
Jurgen Klopp 's seven - year stint at Borussia Dortmund will end on June 30 .   Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany .   Klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .   Dortmund CEO Hans - Joachim Watzke confirmed news in press conference .   The 47-year - old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs .   Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there .   Klopp : ` I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change ' .
Teachers say pupils not ready for ` formal sitting down stage ' before seven .   Play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe .   Want to follow lead of Finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .   Union to ask for more play time at its conference in Harrogate this weekend .
Injury forced Carl Froch to withdraw from bout with Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .   Instead , Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday night .   The WBA super - middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
Real Madrid eliminated Atletico Madrid from the Champions League .   Javier Hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for Real Madrid .   Raphael Varane filmed fans as Madrid arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu .   READ : Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final .   Who will win the Champions League ?   Our reporters have their say ...
