Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .   Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence .   Several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .   Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards in Las Vegas in 2012 .   She has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament .   The Englishman had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .   Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in 2014 .
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .   She was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm .   She lost her home but was reunited with her cats and moved to a trailer park in Connecticut .   There she met Dennis Krauss , who had also lost his home in Brooklyn , and they began a relationship .   Ms Diano won the lottery last October after buying a ticket from a gas station .   She decided not to cash it in until April 6 - the day after Easter - as a symbolic sign of a new beginning .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   On Saturday hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .   The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work in Africa .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year - old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike in the 14th minute .   Bobby Zamora doubled QPR 's lead in the 35th minute with a stunning lob of Boaz Myhill 's cross .   Charlie Austin headed QPR into a 2 - 0 lead with a fine header in the second half .   Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .   Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game to seal the win .   Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
World No 3 Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .   The Scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries fiancée Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by Miami fashion crowd .   The Latina is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   Her Instagram profile is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power outages a week before raid .   Also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought it was road works .   It has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .   Former bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break - in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .   The peaceful transition of power is the first of its kind in history , says Femi Adesina .   He says Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth ; the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
Former Soviet state has gained most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .   Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities .   Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .   He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , South Carolina , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .   The house was draped in St Patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside .   Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots involved in Yemen air strikes .   He wrote on social media that he was ` pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars ' Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels advancing .   But the raids appeared to have resumed on Wednesday , with fighting taking place in Taez .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week at the Masters .   The Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .   A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ` The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .   The former undefeated world super - middleweight and light - heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win .   The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .   Tickets for the bout go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups .   Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .   Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their Premier League clubs .   Tom Cleverley , Jonas Gutierrez and Mikel Arteta could also leave their clubs .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .   He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year amid fanfare .   He has helped refine Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living .   But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages in order for him to leave .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .   The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .   The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in La Liga so far this season .   Ronaldo will be up against Rayo Vallecano striker Alberto Bueno on Wednesday night .   Juventus beat Fiorentina 3 - 0 in their Coppa Italia semi - final second leg to win 4 - 2 on aggregate .   Edinson Cavani has been offered to AC Milan , according to Italian papers .
Arsenal beat Reading 2 - 1 in the FA Cup semi - final second leg at Wembley .   Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring before Garath McCleary equalised .   Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time .   Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a return to the Premier League .
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics .   Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .   Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes .   But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .   And Kendall 's genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .   The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .   He exclaimed : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' .   While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   In a counter - peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey .   This results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks .
Estate agents offering higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for same property .   Wealthy buyers demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for mansion tax bills .   Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2 m .   Labour leader 's own home in Dartmouth Park , north London , will be hit by levy .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light -LRB- Sunday , 4 pm -RRB- Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line - up after serving a two - match ban .   Wes Brown faces up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .   Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery .   Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich .   She is the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina .   Sofia has taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life .   But she has revealed she has been bullied on the site about her appearance and weight .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night .   But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the Manchester United striker .   The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the winner in the Champions League quarter - final win .   Real want to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .   United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans - Joachim Watzke he wants to leave .   The 47-year - old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can , according to reports in Germany .   Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League .   Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , are among the clubs on alert .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh - in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Friday .   The winner will unify the WBC -LRB- Mayweather -RRB- and WBO -LRB- Pacquiao -RRB- world welterweight titles .   Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday .   WBC heavyweight champions Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury look set to face each other before he hangs up his gloves .   Carl Froch 's two dream scenarios have been a farewell fight in Las Vegas against Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr or Andrzej Froch .
QPR face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday in the Premier League .   Chris Ramsey 's side are 19th in the table , four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .   The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis 's 2013 - 14 campaign with Crystal Palace , in which they took 17 points from their final eight games .
Visitors can walk on the glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .   Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .   The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe .   The Five Fingers viewing platform in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria received its name thanks to its hand - like shape .
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes .   David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva in the first half .   The former Chelsea defender was not fully fit after a hamstring problem .   Suarez scored both of his goals after cheekily nutmegging the Brazilian .
Barcelona beat PSG 3 - 1 in Champions League quarter final first leg on Wednesday night .   Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie with a first leg win .   Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night .   Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
Flight 9W2423 was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members from Varanasi to Khajuraho .   Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at the airport in Madhya Pradesh .   Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737 - 800 via its inflatable evacuation slides .   Jet Airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said there was no fire .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman in 2005 .   The 44-year - old was canvassing on his behalf when she was attacked by the dog in Doncaster .   She said she thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' when they first met at a party .   But he failed to tell her that he was secretly in a relationship with a mutual friend .   He also tried to bore her with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand , she said .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday night .   Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game to secure all three points for the Gunners .   Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the top flight .   Burnley are currently two points from safety and face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .   The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .   Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .   The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert .
National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- will call for ` play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds .   It says many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths at age of four .   They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month .   The WBA super - middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury .   Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .   Froch would be open to travelling to America to fight the Mexican later this year .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter - final second leg .   Fans mobbed the team coach as they arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .   French defender Raphael Varane uploaded a video of the welcome to Twitter .   Real could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi - finals .
