The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .   Currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .   The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on the sample of money .   Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .   But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .   One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .   The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .   The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ` I am not racist ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .   She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .   Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , heard her daughter 's screams as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .   Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ` extreme violence ' including attacking a frail pensioner
Audrey Alexander claims neighbour 's leylandii hedge has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   She claims it has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house in Stirling , Scotland .   But Stirling Council has ruled that the hedge can stay , although it has to be cut to 20 ft .   It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .
Figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .   She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in London .
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .   Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in the Premier League .   The 47-year - old has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past .
Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .   But when she tried it on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining .   Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .   Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher after she returned the coat .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been reinstated to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .   ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said : ` She knows she made a mistake .   She 's owned up to it .   I think she is just really anxious to get back to work ' .   The ESPN reporter was suspended for a week after a video of her tirade against Gina Michelle , a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in Arlington , Virginia , was released on April 6 .   McHenry had left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight and when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting Michelle 's looks
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .   Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .   Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .   Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .   Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the money on Friday .   Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles .   Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way as they dashed for the cash .   Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say .   He tweeted about never having seen the films but was still invited on to talk about them .   Claimed they were full of social problems ` rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .   Said the films were anti - women , anti - gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .   BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the programme .
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East .   Twitter 's ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts on April 2 .   Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ` large number of reports ' .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists .   Passengers threw themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .   Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .   A 12-year - old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .
Gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded .   He is then forced to kneel on the floor while surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver .   Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .   Follows a video released by ISIS this week that warns ` America will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .   The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit in Handsworth , Birmingham .   But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .   Mystery surrounds who re - pointed the camera , but Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Paul and Laura Elliott ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon on Sunday .   Couple , from Clapham , London , married at St Katharine Docks in front of 80 guests .   Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and has raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research .   The pair finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .   He followed it in his own vehicle and got in position just in time to take the snap .   The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram , where it has been shared 2.9 million times .
Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15 , 2007 .   The Black Cats were about to take on Villa at the Stadium of Light in the Premier League .   Roy Keane sat his players down in the home changing room before the game .   The Republic of Ireland assistant manager delivered a ` bizarre ' team talk .
Four - poster bed was left in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , in 2010 .   Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , builders dismantled it and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   It was snapped up for £ 2,200 in 2010 by a bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it on the internet .   TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots .   DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .
Tulsa reserve deputy Robert Bates , 73 , says he meant to use his stun gun but fired his handgun instead .   Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the Taser on the nondominant side .   Bates ' attorney says his client is left - handed , but the reserve deputy said his gun was on his right side .   In 2009 , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year - old Oscar Grant .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California on Sunday night .   A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   Bieber missed Drake 's performance , which featured a surprise performance by Madonna .
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   They stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up , using a human as their base .   Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia - based company Positive Dog Care .
Police say they have no objections to Sunday 's Manchester derby starting at 4 pm .   Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties .   Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after Everton v Liverpool match started at 5.30 pm .   The last time United and City met in a late kick - off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley in 2011 .   34 arrests were made amid scenes some described as ` a free for all ' .
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .   Kamal criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .   The Bangladeshi said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate ' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .   Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV .   He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and she gladly accepted .   On their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes '
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .   News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .
The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .   Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor , on Dartmoor in Devon , in July 2013 to complete the run .   The 35-year - old has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day since then .   Mr Carr is just 24 hours away from completing his epic trip in a record time .   He is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set - top box , iPhone and iPad .   Service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- £ 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .   It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .
Huma Abedin , 38 , was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two - year - old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday .   It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle - and Clinton failed to pay a tip .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned winner of The Voice UK 2015 after beating Lucy O'Byrne in the final .   His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts .   Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley both failed to make a mark on the music industry .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .   The 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .   It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top - six place .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .   Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood - inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .   FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire .   The inaugural event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for first time .
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast - bowling prospects in England .   Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run - up and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .   The 26-year - old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps .
Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia this year .   This is only the second time in 20 years the designer wo n't show at the Sydney event .   The designer says he 's enjoying ` taking a breather ' and focusing on international projects .   Perry is a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model and is looking to work on more TV projects overseas .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .   The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .   Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue .
Manchester City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Raheem Sterling .   Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal at Anfield .   City have also monitored vice - captain Jordan Henderson , who only has a season left .   But Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be a step up for Sterling .   Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Sunday .
Charity Bite - Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup .   Comes after trading standards officers raided The Royal China Club in central London .   Restaurant boasted of selling soup and dish made from ground shark teeth .   loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into UK if it is for personal consumption .   Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup as ` fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late .   The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .   Qant as have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £ 28,000 in two - and - a - half year scam .   He invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to property during broadband installation .   But Wheelchair - bound Starrs was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence .   Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' in January this year .   But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC said the sentence was ` unlawful ' and Starrs should have been sent to prison .
Carl Froch has been out of the ring since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .   Froch had hoped to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .   James DeGale is the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return .   Anthony Dirrell 's fight against Andre Dirrell for the IBF world title is the biggest of the three .   Carl Frampton 's hopes of fighting Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , Kazakhstan .   Shows 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing .   Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .   Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester in December last year .   Pair had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play Hull City at Old Trafford .   Torin bought MDMA from website Agora which can not be accessed through regular websites .   He then travelled to Manchester to meet his brother , who was living in London at the time .   Pair bought two bottles of WKD and a packet of chewing gum from a local shop , but alcohol was never consumed .   They were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on Monday .   Coroner Alan Walsh said he was concerned at ease with which the boys bought the drugs .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter - final replay on Wednesday night .   Reds legend Robbie Fowler says players must not focus on captain Steven Gerrard .   Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy .   Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to commit his future to the club .
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill banning welfare recipients from using their debit cards to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .   Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time .   The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   Democratic state Sen. Oletha Faust - Goudeau called it ` ludicrous ' and ` outrageous '
Richard Dysart played cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in ` ` L.A. Law '' Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize - winning ` ` That Championship Season '' He was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .   Dysart 's range of authority - figure parts ran right to the top .
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow - walled passageway along the 1000 ft section .   The whole 37 km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer .   Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam , hot springs and the Hida Mountains .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes .   They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated .   Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire , last year .   His father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial .   They attempted to capture the beast with the help of the local fire department , to no avail .   The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .   Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   Pictures posted online today show the high - ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor 's palace in the city of Mukalla .
The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island .   The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow .   Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   The submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years .   She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .   The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl .   She had Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .   The condition caused the ` episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she had lost all her emotional memories .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .   But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November with charges only officially dropped yesterday .
A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the White House according to Google Maps .   It was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm , according to the nextweb.com .   Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland .   It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden .
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .   South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a ` ` cyberarmy '' of 6,000 workers .   Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman 's arm just in time after she threatened to jump off the ledge .   Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters prepared a ladder .   She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen .
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .   A three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12 .   McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. .   CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
A 16-year - old student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday morning with a gun and a cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .   Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .   He later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile .   Firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .   Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile .
Brett Robinson , 33 , is accused of having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician in a maximum security control room known as ` the bubble ' A psychologist 's report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' A judge ruled Wednesday that attorneys for Robinson waited too long to file an insanity defense .   She will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing .   The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .   Sea Shepherd 's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .   Instead , the service will focus on the ` pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .   The move was criticised by politicians who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .   The 18-year - old Casino teenager was told the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be operated on .   His family searched for the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky procedure .   They found a specialist who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by Tuesday evening .   The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations .   After a week of campaigning online , the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .   The 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .   The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .   The tribunal has confirmed the new complaints and will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
Daphne Selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories .   She has been dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' and has never had surgery .   Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once commanded £ 1,000 per day for her work .
There 's some structural damage to buildings in Kathmandu , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake .   Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .   People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings .   Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
The 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the alleged incident at Suede nightclub .   She told police that the Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   The 28 - year - old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution .   Police confirmed no arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry 's Light and Laser procedure promises to leave your skin ` glowing ' after just ten minutes .   Clients must sign an eight - page waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   There have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox in the Scottish Championship on Sunday afternoon .   Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic both scored a goal apiece for the hosts .   Law grabbed a double for Stuart McCall 's side as they kept the pressure on Hibernian .   Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points , albeit Hibs have the better goal difference .
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .   Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for the former badminton mixed doubles champion .   She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .   The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year .
Bournemouth Bay Run runners were sent on an unscheduled two - mile detour at the weekend .   They continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .   Bournemouth Borough Council has appealed for those affected to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill ' It was hoped that the event would have raised more than £ 70,000 for the British Heart Foundation .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .   Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .   Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .
Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .   Zella Jackson Price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .   But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .   Friends of Gilmore 's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .   Gilmore 's four children knew about their mother 's wish and researched a name that Gilmore was given from her adoptive parents .   They eventually came across Zella Price .   The mother and daughter did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore 's mother .
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen .   The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Shi'ite Houthis .   The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .   On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of ` streams of wounded ' But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida .   He is accused of shooting 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .   At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .   When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , he burst into expletives .   When Judge Ronald O. Jones told
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter , 13 , to meet a 14-year - old girl in New Port Richey , Florida and then encouraged her to fight the girl , yelling at her daughter to ` kick her a * * ' The teenager climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her , according to police .   Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones and posted it on social media .   Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support .   The 36-year - old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 .   Pacquaio also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .   The pair will go head - to - head in a $ 300 m mega - fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .   He shot them in ` execution - style ' slayings because they were related to driver who killed his sister , Cathy , in a car crash 45 years ago .   Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind wheel , later received nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .   As he was escorted from courtroom , he screamed : ` You ' ve sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' Judge called brutal double - murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' for ` revenge
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   But at the same time he claimed caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit ` might change every year ' .
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for around £ 200,000 at auction .   But it ended up being sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted purple .   It was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years and needs a full restoration .   But when it is ready , it could be worth more than £ 1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
Jaysh Al - Islam - or Army of Islam - held impressive military parade in Ghouta suburb of Damascus .   Armed with 1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers , they marched in perfect unison .   Dozens of masked special forces units showed off close - range combat and acrobatic kicks .   The group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime and ISIS .   It is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush , who is considered one of the most powerful leaders in rebel - held Syria .   He calls for the ` cleansing ' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus and says paradise is ` waiting '
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .   The fossil is known from the well - preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3 lb .   The mother - of - two from Ardee , County Louth , Ireland , feared she was losing her femininity .   Kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .
