They may look like as if they come from a plague epidemic, but these photos show the shocking amounts of bacteria that grow on money. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. The experiment, which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. This the bacteria found on one five pound note . The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money. While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless. Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies.’ The experiment, which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides (shown above). It's common in soil, so it's likely someone was gardening before handling cash . Currency collected from students were submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. This image shows bacteria found on a ten pound note . Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless . One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil, suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies. The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. Around 20 per cent of people carry the bacteria in their nostrils, which means they likely touched their nose before handling money. Dr Park added: ‘We found that money, be it coins or notes, harbours very large numbers of bacteria. ‘It is something that we all share so it passes through many many different hands, washed and unwashed. 'It also gets kept in warm and moist pockets, which offer perfect conditions for bacterial growth and survival. ‘Consequently, the populations of bacteria on currency are much larger and more diverse, and money is likely to carry disease causing bacteria.’ While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.  This is the bacteria found on a five pound note, including one large bloom . Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types [of bacteria] found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies. A stock image is shown . After the experiment, the cash was washed and returned to the students. Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin, but this image shows bacteria from a five pound note, including some bright orange spores . Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ This image shows a large spreading bacterial colony created from the grime on nine silver and copper coins .
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . A mother has been arrested for referring to her African-American neighbors as 'apes' during a dispute over a parking space. Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'. One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop.' Another said: 'I've been here 22 years and no [expletive] and now you. U made me hate [expletive] now.' 'I'm not racist,' one of the notes allegedly said, 'but I can see how someone can become [sic] hating [expletive]. You did this. There were no [expletive] in W.L. until u came.' Another, which the victims were most disturbed by, said: 'U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [sic].' A woman who lives next door, who only wanted to be identified as Elizabeth, told the station she is struggling to explain the content of the messages to her teenage daughter. 'She came back from school supposed to be happy,' she said. 'This is what she saw.' 'My little daughter came from school to see this note,' she added. 'I feel like I’m not safe here.' She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move. Mark Cogan, a friend of Elizabeth, told KPTV: 'That anybody would feel entitled to address somebody else in the community with this abusive, disgusting, foul, inappropriate language, just makes me sick.' Scroll down for video . One of the notes read: 'I'm not racist, 'but I can see how someone can become [sic] hating [expletive]. You did this. There were no [expletive] in W.L. until u came.' Another read: 'I've been here 22 years and no [expletive] and now you. U made me hate [expletive] now. Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment. She has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case. She is due back in court on May 7. Records show she is a licensed practical nurse and has a criminal past. In 2012, she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone. In 2010, she wrote on her Facebook: 'The name of the book Obama is reading is The Post-American World, and it was written by a fellow Muslim. Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment. In 2012 (mugshot right) she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone .
A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her, it emerged today. Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe, yesterday afternoon in France ‘while drunk’. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK. Scroll down for video . On his way to Britain: Zbigniew Huminski (left), 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe (right), yesterday afternoon in France ‘while drunk’ Horrifying: The little girl's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken . Chloe’s mother, named only as Isabelle, ‘heard her daughter’s screams’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything. Jean Pierre Valensi, the prosecutor of nearby Boulogne-sur-Mer, said Huminski was arrested hours later and ‘immediately recognised his involvement in the murder of the child.’ DNA evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ‘strangulation and sexual violence’, said Mr Valensi. Tests also showed Huminski was over the alcohol limit for driving. Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘extreme violence’ including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife. But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week, and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family who had emigrated there, said Mr Valensi. Chloe was playing with a friend on Wednesday afternoon when she approached Huminski, who had stopped his car to drink a beer, and squirted him with her water pistol. Remembered: Relatives of Chloe are joined in a march in Calais today following the nine-year-old girl's death . Walking together: The Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart (right) and the mother (centre) of Chloe, identified only as Isabelle, leave Calais city hill with relatives today . The Pole later told French Police that he grabbed her and forced her into his red Seat Toledo before driving her three miles to the nearby Dubrulle Wood. Isabelle, who had left briefly to take her son to a sports match, began screaming the moment she saw the man, described by witnesses as bald and wearing sunglasses, pushing Chloe into his car. The car, which had Polish number plates, was found by police near where Chloe was killed. Isabelle did not even have time to reach Chloe's father so they could launch a formal missing persons appeal before her body was discovered. 'I've begun to understand I will never see Chloe again,' Isabelle told Le Parisien. 'It's tough. Very hard. Above all, I do not know when or how I'm going to tell his little sister and little brother. They are only five and four years old, I do not know if they can understand.' Huminski, who is single, originally moved to France in the early 2000s, and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the Foreign Legion as a soldier. He was rejected because of his criminal background, and then said he wanted to go and live with his sister in England. Huminski was on his way to Southampton, where his sister lives, French prosecutors confirmed tonight. Flowers: Ms Bouchart (left) comforts Isabelle (right), as relatives and people gather during a march in Calais . Emotional day: A person holds a portrait during a march in Calais in homage to the nine-year-old girl . In 2009 he was lodging in Calais with a Bulgarian immigrant when he attacked a pensioner in her own home, tying her up, before running away with the equivalent of £50 in cash. Psychiatric reports presented in court portrayed Huminiski as a ‘chronic alcoholic’ known for violent burglaries in both France and Britain. He was last convicted in France in April 2010, when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault, before being released early on March 27, 2014, when he was deported to Warsaw. Chloe is said to have pointed a water pistol at Huminski as part of a childish game before he bundled her into the back of his red Seat Toledo at about 3.30pm yesterday, the prosecutor said. The child’s body was found around two hours later, three miles away in the Dubrulle Wood. Sadness: Women place flowers at a playground in the neighbourhood where Chloe was taken yesterday . Distraught: Today people laid flowers at the place where the girl was snatched by the Polish man (pictured) Until a few weeks ago, it was the site of a large immigrant camp, made up of mainly men trying to get aboard ferries sailing to the south coast of England. Such camps are regularly razed by the French authorities, with the migrants moved on. Natacha Bouchart, the Calais mayor, said: ‘I was informed at 4.30pm that a young girl was abducted by a man in a red car as she left school in the Chateaubriand area of Calais, at around 3.30pm. A city security chief found an empty red car registered in Poland in Dubrulle Wood, in the north of the city. ‘He then called the police, who found the body of the girl in the woods. During the same patrol, they found the person who owned the vehicle, apparently a Polish national.’ The mayor has been at the forefront of a campaign to clear out all illegal migrants from her city, saying they are behind all kinds of crimes in the region. Tragic decision: Chloe's mother had let her continue playing in Calais because it was nice outside . Shocking: Prosecutor Jean-Pierre Valensi (pictured) said forensic investigators reported evidence of 'strangulation and sexual violence', and that the Polish man in question had admitted to the killing . The mother of a child who went to school with Chloe told Agence France-Presse: ‘It's horrific. My son knew her, he didn't sleep last night. He knows he will never see her again. I can't even imagine what the parents are going through.’ French Prime Minister Manuel Valls called for light to be shed on the suspect's history, saying the family and community were 'deeply shocked' by the murder. 'It is up to the legal system now to carry out the investigation and what we owe to the family is the whole truth,' he said. Calais was plunged into mourning after the killing of the girl described as 'cheerful and full of life'. Residents planned a march in memory of Chloe today. Flags in the town were already being flown at half mast. Huminski will now be kept in custody pending a criminal trial for murder.
Her neighbour’s leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and, says Audrey Alexander, has left parts of her garden in deep shade. What’s more, it now seems likely to remain that way. Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size, the council has ruled they can stay. It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family. It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander’s aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge (pictured) has finally come to and end after 35 years . The battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge . Then, 23 years ago, single mother Mrs Alexander bought the house and asked her neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim the hedge. She claims Mrs Robinson refused and declared: ‘I would rather move than touch these trees.’ The dispute rumbled on, with Mrs Alexander, 54, claiming that the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her property. She sensed an opportunity, however, with the passing of the High Hedge Act in Scotland in 2013 which allows local authorities to take action in such cases. Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay, despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of neighbour Audrey Alexander's house (pictured) The situation came to a head in 2008, when a 65ft section of hedge is said to have fallen and demolished a neighbour's garden shed . Audrey Alexander (pictured) also claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches . But her council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge, although it has to be cut to 20ft. Mrs Alexander said the ruling made ‘no difference’. The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden. Complainants and the hedge's owner are encouraged to resolve the issue between themselves and councils should only be called in to help as a last resort. Because the effect the hedge has is not always clear, disputes can last for years before an agreement can be reached. The local authority can either issue a high hedge notice, which orders owners to cut the hedge back, or decide not to act. The local authority cannot make any orders about the roots of the hedge. She added: ‘The whole situation is appalling – the legislation is about giving people the right to sunlight. ‘It’s a disgrace and I feel extremely let down.’ The neighbour refused to comment. Mrs Alexander’s only option is the courts which she cannot afford to do. Over the years she had used the mediation services of Stirling District Council to try to resolve the issue. The situation came to a head in 2008, when she claims a 65ft section of hedge fell, demolishing a neighbour’s garden shed. Following the introduction of the High Hedge Act, Stirling Council found in her favour but the neighbour appealed and won the 20ft ruling. Dr Colin Watson, of Scothedge, a group which demands the end of ‘high hedge tyranny’, said that the council’s decision was ‘pretty crazy’. A council spokesman said the decision was made ‘after carrying out a site inspection and considering all the evidence’. Mrs Alexander said her aunt, now 87, had moved to France to enjoy ‘sunshine and gardening’. Ms Alexander called in Stirling District Council to try to solve the quarrel, but no solution could be found and the feud continued . The council ruled that the hedge should be cut to about 20ft, a height which Ms Alexander claims will still block most of her sunlight .
The number of women in Britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high. Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of only seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh. But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun. Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women becoming nuns in Britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade (file image) She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London, while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. Miss Hawksley, from Hertfordshire, said: ‘In one sense, it is a bit like trying to explain to somebody why you are marrying the person you are. You can list their qualities, but in the end it is a relationship of love. ‘But on the other hand, I was drawn to it by wanting a greater freedom in being able to give myself to God and the world. 'I don’t have to worry now about practical things like making a career for myself. I’m free to go where I’m needed and meet people at the margins.’ She is not the only young woman choosing the religious life. According to Church figures, 14 of the 45 women who entered convents last year were aged 30 or under. The next moderator of the Free Church has claimed the Church of Scotland is ‘literally dying’ because of falling congregation numbers. The Rev David Robertson said the departure of ministers and ‘concerns’ over issues such as same-sex marriage are linked to a ‘theological and moral decline’ in the Kirk. The Dundee minister, who will become Moderator next month, made the remarks on his blog site The Wee Flea as the Church of Scotland prepares to hold the General Assembly 2015 in May. The Free Church has seen modest growth over six years, with about 13,000 people currently attending services. Mr Robertson said the Kirk is losing ‘around 16,000 members per year’. But the Church of Scotland yesterday hit back, saying it remains one of the country’s ‘largest and most robust organisations’. Miss Hawksley said: ‘There is another person in an order in London and she is 27 and we meet to chat. You are not on your own. It is an unusual life choice, but you are not the only one making it. There are plenty of people asking themselves the same questions.’ She admitted some of her friends were ‘a bit bewildered’, but most had been very supportive. Far from being trapped in traditional habits, Miss Hawksley said her order tends to dress down in T-shirts and jeans. Father Christopher Jamison, director of the National Office for Vocation of England and Wales, said: ‘There is a gap in the market for meaning in our culture. One of the ways women may find that meaning is through religious life.’ Sister Cathy Jones, religious life vocations promoter at the office, said: ‘We are never going to be at the place we were at 50 years ago, Catholic culture was at a very different place. ‘But the fact that more women are becoming nuns than in the past 25 years shows that as a generation we have turned a corner.’ Last year, BBC Northern Ireland political reporter Martina Purdy quit her 25-year career in journalism to become a nun. She said: ‘I know many people will not understand this decision. It is a decision I have not come to lightly, but it is one I make with love and great joy.’
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England. Klopp, 47, announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close, prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the Premier League. Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past, is not in their sights, but Germany international Mertesacker insists Klopp would be a good fit in the English top flight. Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season . Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League . Klopp chats with Dortmund defender Erik Durm during a training session in Dortmund on Wednesday . He said: 'I've got some nice experiences in the Premier League and of course it would be nice if a German coach would take the challenge of working in the Premier League. 'It's not so good for Dortmund that he is leaving but hopefully one day he will manage abroad. I think his passion would fit and to see him in England would be very interesting. 'Everyone has their philosophy and I think Jurgen Klopp has proved that he's top-level and can teach a lot.' However, Mertesacker insisted Klopp, whose side are 10th in the Bundesliga table, will need time to decide on his future after a largely successful spell in Dortmund which has brought two league titles and a Champions League final appearance. He said: 'I think he should just finish the season with Dortmund and then he should be given time. 'We'll see what he does next, but I think he's fought his way out of all situations and I think that this time he will find a path that gives him a new challenge. 'But firstly, I wish him all the best and time to think about his achievements. Sometimes you can underestimate what it's like going straight into a new job. I think you should give him time - and I wish him all the best.' Klopp waves to the fans after Dortmund's Champions League game against Arsenal in November . The German boss has enjoyed a huge amount of success at Dortmund and won the Bundesliga title twice . But for all that a new challenge lies ahead for Klopp, Mertesacker admits he cannot work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from Borussia. He said: 'It is obviously sad news for Borussia Dortmund, [he was] such a passionate successful and passionate manager for them. He was the guy who turned it around at Dortmund. 'The whole situation there - he built the squad on young players and they improved so much in the seven years he was in charge. It is a sad situation. 'But in the summer, it will be a new situation for him. Maybe he is going to go abroad and see how it goes there. 'I would love to see more German managers abroad, because it is obviously a new challenge, to adapt to the culture, the language, the system. Yes, why not? 'It is his decision. He worked really hard and pushed really hard, so even if he said he is not tired, maybe he takes a bit of breather to fuel his energy and his batteries? 'But I am curious what happened to him because he was an outstanding figure in the Bundesliga in the last couple of years and always a title contender. They went to the Champions League final. It will be interesting to see what happens in the summer.' Klopp has been tipped to replace Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger but it remains unlikely .
A mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from Asda. Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain 'seeping through' from the its lining. Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. Paula Dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a £25 coat from Asda . 'I noticed the coat had a stain on the back seeping through, so I opened it and stuck to the lining was a shrivelled, squashed lizard,' said Mrs Dunican. 'I think it must have been ironed - it was disgusting.' The supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher, adding that the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from Vietnam where they are made. Its quality control department said it was waiting for Mrs Dunican, who is a school learning support assistant, to return the garment. In 2012 another Asda customer found a dead cockroach inside a kettle she had bought to sterilise baby items. Mrs Dunican said the reptile looked as though it had been ironed onto the coat. A spokesman for Asda apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund . Carly Wintle bought the own brand appliance in Weston-Super-Mare, Somerset, and found the insect inside after unwrapping it. Meanwhile in February a disgusted shopper found the severed head of a frozen rat in a bag of frozen spinach. Terri Powis, 33, was horrified when she opened the bag and found the rodent's decomposing body. The supermarket apologised and asked her to return the item to the store, acting, she said, as though it happened 'every day', the Mirror reported.
Britt McHenry is back to work. The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. But despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend. Confirming the news to Sports Illustrated, senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said: 'She knows she made a mistake. She’s owned up to it. I think she is just really anxious to get back to work.' Scroll down for video . She's back! Britt McHenry (left) has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk Gina Michelle (right) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . Vicious: ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for one week after the April 6 video surfaced . Markman insisted 'she has a lot of potential as a reporter', adding, 'she is young, she’s learning some things, but I really do believe in her.' He continued: 'We had a conversation where we both talked about that it would take time and it will be hard. She knows that, and especially at the beginning. 'She realizes she will have to do her job really well and hopefully win back some of the trust of our viewers. We expect that from her, and I expect that from her. 'She did a great job for us on the NFL last year in some difficult situations and I have seen nothing that doesn’t make me think she will rebound from this. But she knows the first couple of assignments out of the box will not be easy.' Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released. The verbal attack on April 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office, where clerk Gina Michelle was stood behind the counter. 'I’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f*****g sue this place,' McHenry can he heard saying  in the video. Michelle can be heard warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to 'play your video'. McHenry seems unfussed, responding: 'That’s why I have a degree and you don't - I wouldn't work in a scumbag place like this. Caught red-faced: Incredibly, McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera . Unhappy customer: Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . Warning: Since Britt McHenry's outburst, this sign has been placed on the door of the Chinese restaurant . Scene of the tirade: This is the towing yard in Arlington, VA, where McHenry's abusive rant happened . Restaurant employees said McHenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . 'Makes my skin crawl even being here.' Michelle patiently replies: 'Well let's get you out of here quickly.' McHenry then fires back: 'Yep, that's all you care about - taking people's money… with no education, no skill set. Just wanted to clarify that.' After a few more comments, including telling Michelle she doesn't have a brain, McHenry delivers her biggest sting. 'Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?' she says. 'Cos I'm on television and you're in a f*****g trailer, honey.' Finally, before walking away, McHenry says: 'Lose some weight, baby girl.' Although she issued an apology on Twitter, the sportscaster did not approach Michelle directly. The apology: McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday . Hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on Twitter as ESPN refuses to comment further . At first, McHenry tweeted insisting she had been in the right. But that post was deleted within hours. Employees at the beer hall-cum-Chinese-restaurant Hunan Number One told Daily Mail Online the sports reporter left her car in the parking lot overnight despite clear signs on the door that cars will be towed, warning bar-goers that the restaurant would not be responsible 'if your car is towed from the parking lot'. The venue, which features 'happy hour' from 11am until 9pm, was described by enthusiastic patrons as a prime 'pre-game' spot and online reviewers as a beloved dive bar. Hunan Number One, offers sushi, hot-wings and other bar food, along with 32oz draft beers for around $8, five-buck highballs and half-price bottles of wine, served up in front of big screen TVs playing sports. When the bar shuts at 2am, the private towing company, Advanced Towing, within minutes began removing cars in concurrence with a rule on the private lot. The firm showed magnanimity, saying it did not want McHenry to suffer. In a statement Advanced Towing said: 'Parking enforcement is contentious by nature. At the same time, neither Gina, our lot clerk, nor our company, have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments. 'Ms McHenry is our neighbor, and, as she said, to paraphrase, made remarks that were out of line. She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment. 'Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family. Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry. 'As a small regulated business, we saw no benefit to releasing the video, except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing, public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter. 'The video was not licensed or sold to anyone.'
Everyone has parts of their body they would like to change but how much would you pay - and how much pain would you be willing to go through - to be rid of your hang up? It's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments. Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost. Scroll down for video . Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall,  spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . But for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street, like Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall, the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around. Michael, has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness. His mother, Joy, who never spends money on herself and wears £5.99 shoes from Oxfam, is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance. She points out that he could go on a luxury holiday for the next seven years for the same price. But Michael said of the treatment: 'It will make me feel more complete. It is a lot of money but this means a lot to me, good holidays come and go but this will last a lifetime and make me a happier more confident person.' Joy, however, is worried that her son, a divorced father of two, is pinning too much on the hair transplant changing his fortunes of her son. She said: 'I'm just worried he will be disappointed. He's pinned so much on this, he has looked forward it to, I think he feels his life will change dramatically.' Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed . Another person keen to boost their self-esteem via a Harley Street surgeon is Emma Tallon, 27. She paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs, which she feels are too big. She's felt self conscious about them for ten years. She said: 'I just want to feel normal, to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time.' Of the price she is paying to have the body she wants, she said: 'It is expensive. I am pretty comfortable but it's a lot of money. I think it's a price worth paying.' Following the procedure, Emma said she had no regrets but the operation was 'a lot harder than I thought it was be'. She said: 'My legs were black and swollen for weeks, at first I felt like my legs were going to explode. 'I haven't had regrets but I didn't realise how much it takes a toll on your body.' Also featured on the show is Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, who has had a number of cosmetic treatments over the years - and wasn't even put off going under the knife after a botched tummy tuck in Latvia which she admitted 'almost killed me'. Over the years, she's also had a boob job, face lift, liposuction and work on her eyes and nose. Now she wants another face lift costing thousands of pounds to rid herself of her baggy jowls. When asked by her surgeon if she understood the risk of surgery - and whether she thought it was worth taking for a cosmetic procedure - she said: 'It's an operation but what the heck, I just want that to go away (referring to the baggy skin below her neck). I want to have my chin back' Her husband Nick adds: If that's what she wants I'll support her.' But after the costly treatment, he admits that he can't tell the difference in his wife's profile. 'I'm not very observant, I can't see the change but if she can I'm happy,' he said. Inside Harley Street: Episode 2 : Make Me Beautiful is on BBC Two Monday at 9pm .
The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday, when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage. It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question, and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor. Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness. Scroll down for video . Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham (left) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates . The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. She sat out the rest of the debate . The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights. While Abraham was anxious to get back on stage and finish the debate, the doctor ordered her against returning. Speaking to reporters after her fall, Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign. 'How'd you like my opening act?' Abraham joked to reporters. 'Nothing like fainting on stage.' Speaking to reporters after the fall, Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign. Pictured on the right before speaking to reporters after the fall . Describing the incident, Abraham said she was on a riser when she 'leaned over to look at [Williams] and the lights went out.' She said she has never fainted before. 'It just happened at an inopportune time. It's a little bit embarrassing but I fell gracefully. I didn't hurt anything I'm fine,' she said. Despite missing most of the debate, the fall appears to have had a strangely positive affect for Abraham. In a poll conducted after the debate, 54 per cent of participants said they would vote for Abraham in the Democratic primary, scheduled for May 19. Abraham appeared to be healthy on stage just before the debate began Tuesday night at Philadelphia's Kimmel Center. Pictured on the left, next to mayor candidate Nelson Diaz . After Abraham was taken off stage, the debate continued between the remaining candidates. From left to right: Abraham, Nelson Diaz, Jim Kenney, Doug Oliver, Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams . That's likely good news to her campaign managers, since Abraham has been having a hard time raising enough money to compete with front-runners Williams and Jim Kenney, according to Philly.com. NBC 10 Philadelphia will host two more debates between the Democratic candidates before the primary next month. After Abraham was taken off stage, the debate continued between remaining candidates Nelson Diaz, Jim Kenney, Doug Oliver, Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams.
A Texas highway was thrown into chaos on Friday when the  door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open, causing money to spill onto the road. Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash. A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles, while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way. Scroll down for video . Chaos: A video posted on Facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on Interstate 20 in Albilebe, Texas,  to pick up cash that had spilled from a Brinks Armored Truck . The passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a 'substantial amount of money' to be blown out. Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars. Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens. Some of it had been returned, but other drivers had decided to ignore the threats and have pocketed the cash. A spokesman for the department said: 'Weatherford Police Department would like to remind everyone that the loose money is property of Brinks Armored Car Service. 'Weatherford Police will investigate and potentially prosecute any individual that has picked up any of the loose money and not returned it to either Brinks or the Police Department.' Joel Aldridge, who recorded the video, told NBC DFW: 'I saw people all over the ground picking things up, and I thought maybe it was wreckage. 'And as they started walking toward me the first guy I saw had a big wad of cash with money sticking out.' Traffic: Cars were forced to veer past the vehicles stopped on the side of the road. Police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted . He described how dozens of people vacated their cars and left their doors ajar as they dashed for the cash. 'Everybody else was picking up handfuls and running around, kinda like an Easter egg hunt,' he added.' Jose Rosas, who was searching at the scene, told WFAA: 'We're just trying to make a dollar or two. 'I'm probably going to come back tomorrow and look,' Rosas said. 'I know there's a lot of money out here.' His friend Gage Anderson said they had scoured the road but most of the money had already been picked up.
The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music. Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say, where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise. In particular, the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment. Scroll down for video . Harrison Ford as Han Solo, right and Chewbacca, left, in a trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'. However, despite the fact that Mr Elfwick's Twitter bio states that he is a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the programme. Beforehand he also tweeted: 'I've never actually seen #StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70's.' And appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old Star Wars films are full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'. On talking about C-3PO, who he referred to as C-25 and Princess Leia, he said 'The gold robot - C-25 or whatever he's called - is a camp, neurotic coward. Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films . He later confirmed he would be talking on the programme, where he said the franchise was full of social problems . 'The only main female ends up in a space bikini chained to a horny space slug.' He then turned his attentions to Darth Vader adding: 'The main bad guy - what's he called Dark Raider - is he black, he has a deep voice, he listens to rap music - it's just a really bad racial stereotype.' He finished his assessment by saying that film-makers Disney should make 'strong feminist' films such as The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast, before being cut off by presenter Chloe Tilley. However, a BBC spokeswoman said afterwards: 'On this occasion, the force was not with us. Princess Leia, who was captured by Jabba the Hutt in Return of the Jedi. Mr Elfwick said the film was anti-women . Turning his attentions to Darth Vader, pictured, he said: 'The main bad guy - what's he called Dark Raider - is he black, he has a deep voice, he listens to rap music - it's just a really bad racial stereotype' 'The guest presented himself as a 20-year-old who's never seen Star Wars; and we put him on air under that pretence. 'WHYS producers always do their best to check guests in a live programme that invites global discussion from listeners.' The new Star Wars film, entitled Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens, had its first trailer released last week and will hit cinema screens in December. The one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by JJ Abrams during a fan even at California's Anaheim Convention Center - with stars Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley, Oscar Isaac and John Boyega looking on. The clip is the first time Han Solo, played by Harrison Ford, has been seen on film since 1983's Return of The Jedi. He is joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying, 'Chewie, we're home.'
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those 'tweeting violent threats'. Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Now, after questions were asked about what led to  the largest ever one-off cull of ISIS-affiliated accounts, Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence. Online savvy: Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East . Twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends, but NDTV Gadgets reported that the social network's so-called 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2. Speaking on condition of anonymity amid fears for his safety, the representative said the cull was prompted in part by the 'large number of reports' received by online activists and members of the public. Without doubt this is a reference to the 'Operation Anti-ISIS' campaign launched by the online 'hacktavist' collective Anonymous, who encouraged members to find and expose thousands of accounts connected with ISIS and report them to Twitter authorities en masse. While the social network says it remains committed to the platform being used as a symbol of free speech, it says it will not tolerate accounts tweeting sickening messages promoting violence. ISIS - the largest and wealthiest terrorist organisation in history - has long used social media to groom and enlist new recruits, spread sickening propaganda, and glorify rape and massacre. Sick: Twitter's so-called 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the ISIS militants themselves (pictured) or by supporters of the terror group, on April 2 . Last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants fighting for ISIS could control as many as 90,000 Twitter accounts worldwide, allowing them to spread their sickening propaganda with ease. The terror group is able to 'exert an outsized impact on how the world perceives it' because of its shrewd use of social media and sheer number of online followers, terror experts have concluded. Recommendations in the report by the Washington-based Brookings Institute report include governments and social media companies working together to find new ways to tackle the problem of pro-ISIS accounts spreading horrific murder videos and images and jihadist rhetoric. While Twitter has had success in suspending the accounts, they are effectively playing an exasperating game of whack-a-mole as banned users almost-immediately set up another account. They then encourage ISIS sympathisers who have not yet been banned to share the details of their new profile and within a matter of hours can have thousands of people once again reading their messages of hate.
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket. The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists, when the incident happened at around 3.30pm local time. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat, according to the Bangkok Post. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking. The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the Andaman Sea in Krabi province. A 12-year-old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . Thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel. Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft . The Associated Press reported that the 12-year-old girl may have been picked up by another boat that was going to the beach resort of Phuket. But Police Captain Sutthiwat Aunsiam, a duty officer at Muang Krabi station, told Jor Sor 100 radio late in the evening that rescue units are still searching for the girl and Krabi Governor Songpol Sawasditham confirmed her disappearance, according to Thai Rath Online. Most of the passengers and crew, totalling between 100 and 110, were taken back to Ao Nang near the resort town of Krabi from where the Ao Nang Princess 5 originally set off. About a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft from police and marine authorities assisted in the rescue operation. More rescue staff and divers, including personnel from Third Naval Area Command, will join the search for the missing girl tomorrow. None of those brought ashore were reported to be injured, but one person aboard the boat did die, according to Phuket News. Pol Capt Sutthiwat quoted Wirat Jittaraporn, the captain of the 35-metre long, 4.5-metre wide ferry, as saying the vessel was about five miles from Railay beach near Ao Nang when he heard an explosion from the engine room. He immediately ordered everyone to don life jackets and prepare to abandon ship. The fire quickly engulfed the ferry and burned it to the waterline before it sank at around 6pm off Krabi's Noppharat Thara beach. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . Passenger Panupon Rattanakornpanya, 44, told Thai Rath Online, that crew members told him and his wife and child that a fire had broken out and ordered everyone to gather at the bow. 'The fire then grew stronger. Everyone was in a panic. Some were crying. Many grabbed jackets and passed them on to others before we jumped into the water,' he said. Governor Songpol said the ferry was equipped with fire extinguishers, 'but in this case it appeared [the crew] were not able to control the blaze and this must be investigated again'. The governor went to Ao Nang, a popular hopping off point for Phi Phi, Phuket, Koh Lanta and other islands, as passengers from the sunken vessel milled on the shore. 'We hope the girl is still alive,' said the Director of Marine Office 5 for the region, Wichai Kamwong, according to Phuketwan . 'The ferry burned with remarkable speed so to have the speedboats and fishing trawlers close by to help was wonderful.' The sunken ferry was operated by Ao Nang Travel and Tour Co. Thailand's tourist industry, which welcomes more than 20 million people a year, has suffered a black eye in recent years due to domestic political violence and several high-profile killings and unexplained accidental deaths of Westerners, but serious marine accidents are uncommon.
Islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an 'alleged blasphemer.' A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man, wielding a meat cleaver. His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria. Scroll down for video . A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an alleged 'blasphemer' The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor, surrounded by men with guns. An executioner, with his face covered, stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver raised over his head. The next photo, which is too disturbing to publish, shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body. Each of the images are similar to videos released of British and American hostages who have also beheaded by the militants. A series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded . The man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed . It follows a video released by ISIS which week that warns 'America will burn' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity that saw the twin towers destroyed. The 11-minute video features some of the group's most brutal killings - such as the beheading of American journalist James Foley and the brutal burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh as he stood in a cage. The twin towers and still images of Osama bin Laden are also shown during the short video. Militants armed with rifles surround the man, while his executioner stands behind holding a meat cleaver . Propaganda is increasingly being used by ISIS as a way of attracting new recruits and gaining notoriety. The latest photographs follow a video released last month which show eight suspected informers, all dressed in red jumpsuits, being executed. In January, ISIS militants threatened to behead Barack Obama and turn the US into a Muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate.
A married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to IVF. Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. Louise and Glen Higgs with daughter Mazy, aged three and newborns Carson Alan (left) and Carter Joel (right) The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week. Former RAF fireman Glen said: 'Medical staff have told us our three children are triplets as they are all from the batch of embryos that were created at the same time. 'It is crazy really - seeing as there are three-and-half years between them in age.' Glen, 35, had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile. He met Dee and, after living together for five years, tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment. Carter Joel Higgs (white top) and Carson Alan Higgs (blue top) who were born on March 24 2015 weighing 5lb 12oz and 5lb 5oz, with IVF triplet sister Mazy Linda Higgs, aged three . Glen said: 'I had an unusual tumour growing within the testicle. After all my treatment, they tested my sperm and they were non-swimmers. 'I knew then that if I ever wanted to have children I would have to go through IVF. 'I had always wanted kids and first went through the process with Dee in 2010. We got funding for the first try and got lucky when Mazy was born.' Glen, now a manager at a filter-making factory, said: 'We then just had to wait and see if it attaches okay. We ended up having eight embryos. 'We put two in to attempt to have a child the first time and froze the other six. 'We were talking about getting rid of them - as we were paying a yearly storage fee - but decided to try again. We had to fund it ourselves this time and put two in again. 'Amazingly they both stuck and we have ended up with two more beautiful babies. 'I always wanted to have kids and am a big family man. The process we went through was hard but we could not have asked more from the final outcome. 'I am the happiest man ever. I have three healthy kids when I thought I would never have any. One we thought would be amazing - to have three is an unbelievable gift. 'What my wife and her body had to go through makes her the real hero to me.' Glen, 35, had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . He met Dee and, after living together for five years, tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment: Carter Joel Higgs (white top) and Carson Alan Higgs (blue top) The IVF procedure involved doctors effectively 'hoovering' the eggs from of Dee's body and injecting them with the frozen sperm. Care assistant Denise, 27, said: 'When I heard I was having twins I cried and my husband just went white. To now have triplets is simply amazing. In the UK, one in every three thousand births is to triplets. Approximately 15 per cent of 'multiples' are born thanks to IVF. Source: TwinsUK . 'We were so happy though. It has been a huge change in our lives but we have just learnt to adapt. 'Going through IVF is one of the hardest things you ever have to go through as a woman. 'The whole process is horrendous, but as we have proved it does actually work. 'There are so many injections and medication and it can be very undignified at times. I did get very emotional at times but I have no regrets at all about doing it. 'I could not be happier with what we have been left with.' The couple have now disposed of the remaining embryos and have no plans to have any more children.
The owners of this house better not leave too quickly, after a speed camera was angled directly on their front door. The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth, Birmingham. However, it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Big Brother is watching: A speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in Birmingham, West Midlands . The speed camera has not been working for more than two years . Around 300 speed and traffic camera, using old technology, were turned off across the region in March 2013 . In there place, speed enforcement operations have been carried out by a small number of mobile camera units, fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol. Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera, but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it. One of their engineers will now be visiting the site and the camera could be removed completely. 'Fixed location safety cameras have been decommissioned across the West Midlands since 2013 as the technology inside them had become obsolete,' the spokesman said. 'Plans for a pilot at a limited number of sites, using digital technology, is currently in development. 'Now the issue with this camera in Wellington Road has been brought to our attention, we will take any appropriate action at the site.' The spokesman confirmed that there were no plans to include the camera in Wellington Road in the new pilot. The owners of the house were not available for comment.
On Sunday, 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon. For one couple however, these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route. Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other, whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. Fitness fans Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the London Marathon . Unfortunately Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day. The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti. Speaking on Sunday, 34-year-old Laura said: 'It has been an absolutely incredible day, the atmosphere has been electric and to be able to share it all with our family and friends has made it really special. 'We’ve done so much training together that I found running the first half on my own a bit strange but it made our reunion even more meaningful. The last leg was definitely tough but I think we were both so euphoric and had such great support from the crowds that we were carried round.' Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . After a wash, brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception, pictured . Paul added: 'It has been such an emotional day and I’m overjoyed to be married to Laura. 'The last few miles were tough going but having my wife by my side certainly helped. I’m hoping the combined adrenaline rush of getting married and completing a marathon will give us enough energy to get through the evening and celebrate in style. However I think we are going to have to take it steady on the champagne!' Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests. They then completed the run together. After a wash, brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception. Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests. They finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 . For the marathon, the pair wore specially crafted outfits handmade by the bride and her mother, which combined traditional wedding attire with a more practical and comfortable design and materials suitable for running. A spokesperson for Cancer Research UK, said 'It’s been an exciting day for Laura and Paul. Not only have they got married but they have run the Marathon as part of our biggest ever team. It’s thanks to the incredible support from people like them that we can make progress in the fight against cancer. 'We wish them all the best for their future together and if you feel inspired by Laura and Paul why not take part in one of our others sports events - you don’t need to do 26 miles to help beat cancer sooner.'
For most people, spotting a Google Street View car is an interesting, if uneventful, point in the day. But for Nasr Bitar, it was his time to shine. The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn and  began following in his own vehicle. His plan? To get the all important 'selfie' - and make an appearance on the Street View map. 'Time to shine': Nasr Bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with Google Street View as a chance to 'shine' Tracked: It was the first time Nasr had seen a Street View car, and he followed it in his own vehicle . Having figured out the pattern the Street View car was following, Nasr parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap. He told PetaPixel.com: 'I was driving home when I saw the Google car drive towards me. 'I had never seen one before, and it took me a few minutes to realize that it is Google car and it was time to shine.' But then came the wait to see if he would make it onto the site. So, imagine Nasr's delight when he realised Street View had been updated - and he could be seen proudly taking his selfie. Ready to go: The car clearly captured Nasr waiting to take the all-important selfie in Mississauga, Canada . Viral: The image of his selfie, and the Street View shot, has now been shared almost 2.9million times . He then uploaded the picture to his Instagram account - where he describes himself as 'a tourist of the world', with the hashtag 'DontYouWishYouHadMyLife'. It was then uploaded to image sharing website imgur, and has now been viewed almost 2.9million times since it was posted two days ago.
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'. Higginbotham and his Black Cats team-mates were about to take on Aston Villa during the 2007-08 Premier League season when Keane sat them down in the home changing room at the Stadium of Light. But instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former Manchester United midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk. Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane (left) looks frustrated during his country's draw with Poland . Keane watches his Sunderland players in action against Aston Villa after delivering his 'bizarre' team talk . Danny Higginbotham (right) gave struggling Sunderland the lead during the game on December 15, 2007 . In his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog: My Life Inside Football, Higginbotham - who scored in Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Villa that day - describes Keane's attempt to motivate his players. '''Listen lads,' he said. 'Basically you're s***. Try and enjoy the game. You're probably going to get beat. But just enjoy being s***." 'Then he just walked out. Those words have got to be insulting to any professional, no matter who they come from, and I'll admit it served as the perfect motivation to get out there and prove him wrong. I scored after 10 minutes and we were leading at half-time. We ended up drawing.' Higginbotham also reveals how Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates instead of getting behind them. Aston Villa winger Shaun Maloney (right) scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors . Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff after leaving his role at Aston Villa earlier this season . Higginbotham (right), pictured in action against Manchester City, played under Keane for a season . Referring to a talk with Keane, Higginbotham writes: '''Danny, all I'm f****** hearing from you when I'm watching that game yesterday is f****** encouragement. That's all I'm hearing." I thought, well, that's not so bad. "I don't f****** want that. I want you to tell some of them they're being c****. Tell them.''' Despite a 2-0 loss away at Bolton in the season's penultimate game, Sunderland secured their Premier League safety with a match to spare. But although he had helped ensure another year in England's top-flight, Keane was in no mood to praise his players after their defeat against Gary Megson's side. Higginbotham (left) now works as a pundit after hanging up his boots in January, 2014 . Reliving his manager's post-match team talk, Higginbotham writes: '''You're the reason I'm driving up and down the f****** country to find another player, you're not f****** good enough," he yells at one player. '"Your attitude is s***. You're not good enough," he bawls at others. '"Next week we've got our last home game, against Arsenal. You know at the end of the season when you walk around the pitch, thank the fans for their support? I'm ringing Umbro and getting you some hooded jumpers, because you're a f****** embarrassment, it's a joke and this is not going to stay this way."'
A four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for £2,200 has been verified as once belonging to King Henry VII – and it could now be worth millions. The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester, by builders who were renovating the property. Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers. The four-poster oak wood bed (above), which was dumped in the car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £2,200, has now been confirmed by DNA as once belonging to King Henry VII . The intricately-carved bed was left in the car park of the former hotel by builders who were renovating the property and, oblivious to its true value and historical significance,  left it to be picked up by auctioneers . It was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted the item, which was listed as 19th-century gothic revival, on the internet. However, he was shocked when his new 'Victorian' purchase arrived and approached TV historian Jonathan Foyle with a suspicion that the bed was, in fact, the only surviving Tudor bed. Since then, Mr Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII. He said tests confirmed it was European oak and of a sub-species 'typical of the origin of the finest, slow-grown oak imported by the medieval elites', with analysis of the historic paintwork proving its age. 'Under the varnish, traces of late medieval decoration have been found,' he said. He has traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family, who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485. Mr Foyle said DNA from the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII (pictured) and he traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire.  Henry VIII may have been conceived in the bed . The bed was snapped up by Ian Coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland, for £2,200 in 2010 after it was dumped in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester (above) TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved the medieval furniture once belonged to King Henry VII . He also discovered that the bed features an inscription from the Matthew Bible of 1537 - reading: 'The stinge of death is sinne. The strength of sinne is the lawe' - which was added after 1547, when England had a Protestant monarch. The carving also features biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary and the figures are accompanied by medieval symbols of fertility, such as acorns, bunches of grapes and strawberries. Meanwhile, scribblings in a Victorian furniture restorer's diary suggested that the bed was at Lathom when it was damaged during a siege in 1644. Mr Foyle said he had proved that the item was not the work of Victorian revivalists by reflecting on the Tudors' belief that they had been chosen by God to save England from civil war. The bed features an inscription from the Matthew Bible of 1537 - reading: 'The stinge of death is sinne. The strength of sinne is the lawe' - which was added after 1547, when England had a Protestant monarch . The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary and the figures of medieval symbols of fertility . He said the headboard showed Henry VII and his bride as Adam and Eve transmuted into Christ - adding: 'It's arguably the cradle of the English Reformation. Henry VIII may have been conceived in bed . The carved four-poster bed, which has been revealed as Henry VIIs, was reportedly created for the marriage of the first Tudor King and his wife, Elizabeth of York, on January 18, 1486. It is highly likely that the couple's son, Henry, was conceived in the bed - meaning the item may have a physical link to the beginning of the Tudor dynasty. Born at Greenwich Palace in 1491, Henry VIII was the third child and second son of Henry VII and his wife. Only three of his six siblings survived infancy - and he succeeded his father as king following his death on 22 April, 1509. Under Henry VIII's reign, England turned in favour of Protestantism and split from Rome, the Royal Navy built up a fleet of about 50 ships and the country invaded France. Jonathan Foyle, chief executive of World Monuments Fund Britain, said: 'This bed belonged to Henry VIII. It has to be the most important piece of furniture [in England' - and arguably, royal artefact.' He added: 'Even the Westminster coronation chair has less to say than this.' Experts believe Henry VII may have taken the bed north while on a royal tour following the birth of his son. 'Look how the king and queen represent themselves as manifestations of Christ and Mary; it's Henry VIII's God complex in a nutshell.' Dr Foyle described the 15th Century artefact, which is considered one of the most valuable pieces of historical furniture in England, as 'a complete national treasure'. He added: 'Evidence suggests the bed was made for the Painted Chamber of Westminster Palace for the marriage ceremony at Westminster Abbey on January 18, 1486.' Mr Foyle is backed by other experts, such as Diarmaid MacCulloch, professor of the history of the church at Oxford University, who described the rediscovery as 'exceptionally important'. The medieval bed is now reportedly worth up to £20million, although it is currently not up for sale and is instead on public display. It is part of the 'A Bed of Roses' exhibition at the childhood home of Anne Boleyn, Henry VIII's second wife, at Hever Castle in Kent which also features a portrait of Henry VIII as a young man. The bed is not the only historical royal artefact to have been discovered abandoned or hidden in England. In 2013, the battle-scarred skeleton of Richard III was discovered by archaeologists in a car park in Leicester. Meanwhile, in December of the same year, archaeologists uncovered a site in the Amazonian jungle believed to be the tomb of Atahualpa, the last emporer of the Incas. And last year, explorers found a piece of a pelvis that could belong to Alfred the Great in the grounds of Hyde Abbey in Winchester. Henry VII's four-poster bed will remain on display in the Long Gallery at Hever Castle in Kent until November 22.
(CNN)On the surface, the mix-up seems incomprehensible: How can a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man? That's apparently what happened in Tulsa, Oklahoma, when a 73-year-old reserve deputy, Robert Bates, killed Eric Harris. Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. "Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Bates said in a video of the shooting. But it's happened before. In a well-publicized 2009 case, a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser, killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland, California. The former officer, Johannes Mehserle, testified that he had meant to use his Taser but drew his gun instead. Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct. So how easy -- or hard -- is it to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of a Taser? Here are some factors to consider: . Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body, and the Taser should be placed on the nondominant side. So if an officer is left-handed, the gun should be on the left side. Bates' attorney said his client is left-handed. But the reserve deputy said his gun was holstered on his right side -- his nondominanant side. "I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed," Bates said in a written statement to investigators. After Bates announced at the scene he was going to use his Taser, he "used his nondominant hand, and it was the gun," said Clark Brewster, Bates' attorney. "He said that he saw the laser sight on the shoulder, assumed it was the Taser," Brewster said. "Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight, and he just made a mistake." Brewster also said his client's left hand was holding a pepper gun. In his statement to investigators, Bates said he had grabbed a "pepper ball launcher" to try to slow or stop Harris, who was running away. Bates did not say explicitly where the Taser was on his body. But he admitted to grabbing the wrong device and said he was "startled" by the recoil of the gun. "After realizing what had happened I was in a state of shock and disbelief," he told investigators. Bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter. If convicted, he faces up to four years in prison. Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in . Bates was carrying his personal gun, a Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolver, and a Model X26 Taser, he said in his statement to investigators. Attorneys representing the Harris family said there are stark differences between the two devices. One held up a small black .357 revolver, followed by a mostly bright yellow Taser that was noticeably larger than the gun. "There's no way an officer can get this confused with this," said one of the attorneys from the law firm of Smolen, Smolen & Roytman. Taser's X26 model comes in different designs. Some are mostly yellow, while others are mostly black with a yellow panel in the middle. But all appear to be larger than Smith & Wesson .357 five-shot revolvers. Sgt. Jim Clark of the Tulsa Police Department -- which is separate from the county sheriff's office for which Bates volunteered -- said Bates was the "victim" of something called "slip and capture." That's when a person intends to do one thing but instead does another in a high-stress situation. But a criminal justice expert told CNN the claim amounts to "junk science." "There's no peer-reviewed articles that would support this. ... It's not generally accepted by the scientific community," said Phil Stinson, an assistant professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University. "So it's something that in most courts would not be admissible as evidence." An attorney for the Harris family said the "slip and capture" theory hasn't held up in court. "The only time slip and capture has ever been used as a defense was in the shooting in Oakland (of Oscar Grant)," the attorney said. And that defense failed. Tasers are built to feel and look different than guns, according to Taser International. Steve Tuttle, vice president for strategic communications at Taser, noted some of those differences to CNN: A gun is heavier. A Taser has a different grip and feel. When you take the safety off on a Taser, an LED control panel lights up. There's more: Tasers can be different colors (yellow or black), and the holster is different from a gun's. But in the field, where an officer reacts on instinct, there are other distinctions outside of the product itself that are important, Tuttle said. Taser's training calls for the stun gun to be placed on an officer's nondominant side, as law enforcement experts say. And its training suggests that officers shout aloud, "Taser! Taser! Taser!" as they prepare to deploy it. These guidelines are designed so that in the moment -- when an officer's muscle memory kicks in -- the body reflexively knows which weapon it is reaching for. It is up to each law enforcement department, however, in how it trains personnel and what regulations it requires as far as placement on the body. The company declined to comment on the Tulsa shooting in particular. The stun guns, or conducted electrical weapons, manufactured by Taser have been used more than 2.7 million times, Tuttle said, and are designed to be used in situations that are not considered life or death. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet, Brooke Baldwin, Ed Lavandera and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted  from the Coachella music festival over the weekend. The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. Scroll down for video... Off-stage drama: Justin Bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the Coachella music festival on Sunday after trying to gain entry to Drake's gig, pictured here at the event on Friday . The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig. They showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to the report. Eyewitnesses told TMZ that Bieber argued with security and said he couldn't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave. Pictured: Justin Bieber is shown being approached by the security guard at Coachella . Not getting in: Bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch Drake's performance on Sunday . Chokehold: The scuffle between security and Bieber was caught on camera by a festival go-er . Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground, according to the article. A staffer at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at that point came up to Bieber and said she would escort him inside the artist's area. What he missed: Drake performed with Madonna, seen here wiping his mouth after she surprised him with an onstage kiss . She grabbed Bieber by the arm and was walking the singer and his bodyguards inside, when festival security came up from behind and allegedly put Bieber in a chokehold. Bieber's team tangled with security and the singer was then ordered to leave the festival. Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards. Good times: Justin is shown on Saturday with Kendall Jenner at the star-studded music festival . Time to leave? Bieber and Kendall are pictured on Saturday, before the drama kicked off on Sunday night at Coachella . Jen's Pirate Booty La Vie Off-the-Shoulder Crop Top at Nasty Gal . Crop it like it's hot . Visit site . Coachella seems to be the one place where Kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting; she just wants to fit in with her Jenner-ation! The catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion, and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual LA music festival. Take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits, tied together with a statement waist belt. The top is by Jen’s Pirate Booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes. Styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals, this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it. And the best part is that it's attainable for us mere mortals; it's only $88 at Nasty Gal, so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out. She's a normal teen at heart! If you want to emulate Kendall's look for even less, take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of Charlotte Russe, Guess, and more. re:named Solid Off Shoulder Crop Top . Visit site . Charlotte Russe Chevron Off-The-Shoulder Top . Visit site . Guess Off-The-Shoulder Eyelet Top at Bloomingdale's . Visit site . Free People Willow Crop Top . Visit site . Party time: Justin was spotted heading into an Neon Carnival after party on the second day of the music festiva . Troublemakers: Justin was also seen hanging out with Chris Brown at the NYLON party on Friday . The altercation meant that Bieber missed Drake's set - that featured a surprise performance from Madonna. While on stage, Madonna kissed the rapper and his less-than-impressed reaction was caught on camera. Bieber had been spotted on Friday and Saturday at the outdoor music festival. Just landed: Justin on Monday shared an Instagram snap with the caption saying he just arrived in Europe . Lost his temper: Justin is shown in March 2013 as he tussled with paparazzi in London . He was hanging out on Friday night with Kendall Jenner, 19, at a party at Beacher's Madhouse. The Baby singer on Saturday night took in the music with her yonger sister Kylie, 17, and other members of their entourage. Bieber shared an Instagram snap on Monday showing himself on the staircase of a parked jet  and writing in the caption that he just landed in Europe. Here comes trouble: Bieber had been partying at the popular music festival over the weekend, seen here on Friday . Partying: Justin had been enjoying the music festival with Kendall and Kylie Jenner . Bond: Justin and Kendall appeared to very close throughout the festival (pictured above at the Bootsy Bellows Estate sponsored by McDonald's & Chevrolet) Saying their prayers: Justin and his pal also posted this shot from the festival before it all kicked off .
These two Australian dogs have got talent! A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. Scroll down for video . Here we go! Border collie Ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer Dai Aoki's lap . Don't forget about me! Soon, Holly the border collie hops onto Aoki's legs . The brief clip, set to  'Les Toreadors' from 'Carmen,' first shows a man, identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki, lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap. Soon, Aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old Holly hops on. Once Holly is up, Aoki stretches his hands up toward the sky. Soon enough, Holly and Ace stand up solely on their hind legs - and hold the pose for several seconds. This isn't the first time the dogs have shown off their skills. Aoki's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly doing tricks. Aoki also works as a dog trainer, and runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care. Neat trick: The trio are seen performing their stunt together . Ta-da! Holly and Ace finish the trick by standing on their hind legs . Family: Ace (far left) and Holly (far right) are seen with their owner and trainer, Dai Aoki. Aoki runs the Waterloo, Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care . Puppy Tales pointed out that the TV show 'The Living Room' deemed Ace Australia's Smartest Dog in 2014. Aoki told the website in January 2015: 'I only use positive reinforcement in the training that I do. 'And, equally importantly, I always have fun with my dogs. 'I actually don’t really use the word "training" – we are just having a good time together and learning new things.' Aoki also told Puppy Tales: 'I have had a few dogs in my life and I have never learned properly about dog training. 'With Holly and Ace, I wanted to spend quality time with them and have happy long lives together, so I undertook a course on Canine behaviour.' 'The most important things in training your dogs are consistency, patience, respect and love,' Aoki revealed to the website. Skilled: Aoki's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly performing tricks .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. With plenty at stake for both United and City – both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League – some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub. However, the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears. Police say they have no objections to Sunday's Manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon . Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side. 'We have not objected to the 4pm kick-off time at all,' he told Sportsmail. 'That 4pm has been agreed is testament to the excellent behaviour of the overwhelming majority of fans who have attended previous derby fixtures. 'It is the positive behaviour of both sets of fans at previous derby fixtures that means we feel confident this Sunday’s fixture will continue that tradition of the fixture being a safe and enjoyable one.' Rio Ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the Manchester derby in December 2012 . In February, Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match, which was also televised, was chosen for a 5.30pm start although they later withdrew their objection. Police in Manchester have met representatives from supporters groups representing each club and agreed a series of measures. Inside the ground fans in and close to the away end will be limited to two drinks every time they visit the bar. No street drinking will be allowed while police will also be searching supporters and keeping an eye out for pyrotechnics. GMP also say they have no intention to hold back City supporters at the final whistle but add that this could be reviewed on the day. Footage on You Tube showed the unrest when United played City in a late kick-off at Wembley in 2011 . City won that FA Cup semi-final, but 34 arrests were made due to crowd trouble outside the stadium . The last time United and City met in a late kick-off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011. That clash, won by City 1-0, started at 5.15pm and was marred by a series of skirmishes on Wembley Way and on coach parks close to the stadium with 34 arrests made amid scenes some fans described as 'a free for all'. The last late afternoon kick-off in Manchester was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004. After November's derby at the Etihad Stadium, won 1-0 by City, video footage captured dozens of fans fighting outside a nearby pub around 90 minutes after the final whistle. In April 2012, Vincent Kompany's header settled the derby in a match that was played on a Monday night at the Etihad Stadium.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday, accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. 'Everyone saw what happened during the Bangladesh-India match ... India has influenced the outcome of the match using its position (in the ICC),' Kamal, a Bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in Australia. 'From now on, I am a former president of the ICC. I would have reacted similarly had it happened to any other country.' Mustafa Kamal, pictured with the Cricket World Cup trophy, has stepped down as ICC President . Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match . Kamal, also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board, criticised the umpires in the quarter-final, and questioned their partiality, over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate.' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst, otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain at the final. Kamal presents India's Virat Kohli with a man of the match award during the 2014 World Twenty20 . 'I told them during the meeting that I did not speak against any particular person or a country. Why should I apologise?,' Kamal said. 'I am the president of the ICC, to whom would I seek apology?' ICC chairman Narayanaswami Srinivasan, of India, handed over the trophy to captain Michael Clarke after Australia defeated New Zealand by seven wickets in Sunday's final in Melbourne.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday . Wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next Gordon Ramsay or Jamie Oliver should take note - it doesn't have to cost a fortune. The new winner of Masterchef Simon Wood, who won the title last Friday, hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows. He told MailOnline: 'It’s all self-taught. There’s no more to it than that. You can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you’re passionate enough. 'I learnt what I know from reading, websites like YouTube, watching TV and talking to people who are also passionate about it. 'I also found out a lot from watching chefs when I go to a restaurant - you go into a lot of restaurants these days and you can see straight into the kitchen. 'I can’t help it, it’s like watching TV and if it’s happening in front of you, you can’t help but watch what they do.' While Simon, who lives in Oldham,  learns about his cooking from reading and watching programmes, he sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam, 20, Alex, 18, Cameron, 16, and Charlotte, seven. The lucky children are often on the receiving end of their father's culinary masterpieces - in the Wood household lunchboxes can become works of art. He said: 'They only get fancy stuff in their lunch boxes when I’m practising. 'All of my kids like different things, so it can be like a gourmet buffet sometimes when you’re at my house. 'Everyone wants something different, someone wants fish, and someone else wants shellfish - if it’s in the fridge or freezer it’s likely to come out at some point or another. 'They’re not fussy at all though. They’re like me, there’s nothing I don’t like and that has carried on through to them too. It makes life a lot easier.' Scroll down for video . Simon has always wanted to be a chef - when he was eight, he won the opportunity to spend a day in a hotel kitchen and featured in the local newspaper. But he gave up his dream because he and his wife, who he separated from two years ago, had a child very young. The couple met while working at McDonalds and when he was just 19, they had their first child - Liam. Simon as an eight year old after winning the chance to spend a day in a hotel kitchen . The hours that chefs do are notoriously antisocial and so Simon decided to take up a career in IT instead. His children are over the moon that their father is now following his dream though and they watched the Masterchef final on TV together last Friday, when they learnt for the first time that their father had won - because it had to be kept a secret until the programme aired. He said: 'When we watched it together, it was the first time that they found out I had won and it was emotional, it was pretty overwhelming. 'It was a moment in all of our lives that we’ll remember and will treasure and look back on.' Simon has come a long way since the beginning of the show - in the first episode he was so terrified that Greg Wallace, who is one of the judges on the show, pointed out that he was actually 'shaking in his trainers'. Simon said: ' When you first go in there on day one, when you see John and Greg for the first time, they’re practically idols of yours and you’ve not met them before that. 'Then it all starts to get very real very quickly. It’s a daunting prospect that’s in front of you. 'So the next hour and 15 minutes that you get in there can determine the rest of your life really.' But Simon managed to overcome his nerves and was noted as one of the contestants who had grown the most over the course of the show. He won the final with a starter of octopus, with chorizo crisps and a cannellini bean and chorizo salad; his main course was pigeon with carrots, pommes parisienne and a cassis jus; and for the pudding he produced a lemon posset, with citrus tutti-frutti. Simon was noted as one of the contestants who had grown the most over the course of the show . He said: 'You grow so quickly when you’re down there. You get feedback from people that you’d never normally meet and they’re so good at what they do - everyone down there is. 'I got loads of really good feedback down there. I had a really good competition when I found my confidence and got rid of my nerves – I think it showed as well.' For anyone looking to follow Simon's success, he has one simple tip - enjoy it. He said: 'If you don’t enjoy it, it shows in the food that you haven’t made something you believe in or enjoyed making. That comes out on the plate and ultimately for your guests or whoever is eating the meal and that’s no good because food is about passion and giving people a valuable experience. 'If you don’t enjoy it I don’t think your guests will either.' Simon hasn't always been this good, even Masterchef winner's have the occasional cooking disaster. As a young man, he learnt the hazards of absent-minded cooking after he tipped and entire stock he had worked on for hours down the sink. He said: 'My biggest disaster was when I was younger and first started out cooking, I did Christmas dinner for the first time. 'I had a big turkey carcass so thought I was going to make a really nice stock. 'I simmered it for hours and hours and made a really good stock. 'Then I went to drain all of the vegetables and the bones out and ended up pouring it all down the sink because I didn’t put something under it, that was a lesson I learnt really early on – think about what you’re doing. 'I don’t think there is anything I can’t cook though. I think I’ve shown throughout the competition that I’m good with most things that get thrown at me.' Simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own . While he enjoys fancy cooking, one of the simplest culinary pleasures for Simon is a meal that can be rustled up in under ten minutes - a plain omelette. He said: 'The first thing I ever cooked as a child was an omelette. 'And if I'm looking for something quick and easy to do, I still always go back to an omelette and a glass of wine, with a salad. 'Nothing in it, just some sea salt and a really good salad with it, that’s it – done. 'Just nice and simple, good eggs, good omelette.' But anyone looking to sample some of the cooking that netted Simon the Masterchef prize can expect something much more intricate when he succeeds in his dream of opening his own restaurant. For the time being he is going back to the IT company he worked for, but his eye is already on setting up his own eaterie. He said: 'I am definitely planning on having a restaurant eventually – it’s every cook or chef’s dream. 'If you can make money doing something you love and enjoy it and help people create memories then that is amazing. 'I think a lot of people remember where they were when they had a good meal with special people at special times - if you can get involved with that by having a restaurant, it’s really good. 'I think I’d want to do classic dishes with a modern twist. 'Something that looks nice, is achievable. But is also quite opulent and refined and nice. 'Also something that isn’t out of everybody’s reach.'
A high school student and her best friend, who has Down syndrome, have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo, which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message. Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21. 'I just feel like it really shows our friendship to the next level of where it actually is but people might not see behind closed doors,' Mikenzy told WBAY. Scroll down for video . Perfect pair: Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska, who has Down syndrome, spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in Waupaca, Michigan . Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt and Mikenzy on its Facebook page on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked the image, ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget. After Matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year, he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted. And as his date, she did everything she could to make sure that he had a fantastic night. Before prom, Mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that Matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court. When she learned that his name wasn't included in the junior class ballot, which would elect two boys onto prom court, she took it up with the high school office. And although she was initially told it was too late for Matt to be added to the list, she later learned that there was a new ballot with her friend's name on it. Unforgettable night: Mikenzy, who wore a black mermaid gown, posed with her friends for some pre-prom photos . Strike a pose: Matt, who wore a black tux with a bright red vest, threw his jacket over his shoulder for this snapshot . 'We found out later that week he was elected onto prom court,' Mikenzy's mom Carmen told Yahoo Parenting. 'Mikenzy knew that Matt deserved the chance just like everyone else.' Carmen explained that some of her daughter's 'best times' have been with Matt. 'They see movies, go out for dinner and go to watch high school sporting events together,' she said. Matt and Mikenzy first became fast friends in fifth grade after they were partnered together during a class trip. 'He’s such a positive person,' Mikenzy told WBAY. 'He always has a smile on his face.' Meanwhile, when Matt was asked about Mikenzy, he responded: 'Honestly, I love [her].' Celebration: Mikenzy snapped this selfie while holding a champagne flute . Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities, but noted that wherever she ends up, she and Matt will remain close. 'I think it’ll be a forever friendship,' she told the outlet. And Matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own. The teen, who enjoys bowling, is the team manager for both the boys' hockey team and the girls' soccer team. 'When you have a child that has a disability, they tell you they’re not going to do this, you’re not going to do that,' Matt’s mom Flonnie told WBAY. 'Then you turn around and you watch when they’re growing up.' Good times: Mikenzy, who coaches Special Olympics basketball, threw her arms around Matt and another friend for this snapshot . Feeling excited: When Mikenzy shared this Facbook photo yesterday, she revealed that she and Matt were smiling because they received a special phone call from Ellen, believed to be Ellen DeGeneres .
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike. The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross. His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'comfy and good quality, unlike crosses'. Banned: The sports brand features prominently (circled) on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Not allowed: The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonmen . Images of the leaflet banning Nike clothing was shared online by the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who translated it from Arabic. They said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the Greek goddess of the same name and because the word apparently sounds similar to phrases of a sexual nature in Arabic. The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment. This is despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders, Abu Waheeb, is well known for wearing Western sportswear, including items made by Nike and Adidas. The argument that senior ISIS militants still wear Nike products is unlikely to be considered much of a defence for the millions of brutally oppressed citizens living under the rule of the Islamic State. Fashion-conscious: The ban comes despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders, Abu Waheeb, is well known for wearing Western sportswear, including items made by Nike and Adidas . The wearing of Nike products has long been contentious among ISIS jihadis, due to the fact the name was inspired by a Greek goddess and reportedly sound like several words of a sexual nature in Arabic . The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross. His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'comfortable' A recent ban of men wearing jeans - apparently because the clothing 'provokes sexual desire, and shows the attractions of men's body' - has been strictly enforced. In fact some young men seen wearing jeans after the ban was put in place were reportedly told they must exchange their denim products for pyjamas, or face time in prison. As well as products made by Nike, numerous other items of clothing appear on the leaflet. Newly-banned products on the list include anything carrying swear words or sexual phrases. To help non-English speakers recognise the banned terms, the ISIS leaflet helpfully provides a long list of swear words alongside their Arabic translation. Nike did not respond to a request for comment on the ban.
Lorraine Bracco has revealed that The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted her to play the role of Tony's wife Carmela and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi, his psychiatrist. The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years previously. Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts. Scroll down for video . Revelation: Lorraine Bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of Carmela in The Sopranos and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi . Speaking to Huffington Post Live, Bracco explained how she convinced Chase to change his mind. 'I fell in love with David (Chase) the minute I met him, when I walked into the room. 'I said, 'I like this guy. And I said, 'Look, I don't think I should play Carmela because I did it, I did it in a Scorsese movie, I got an Oscar nomination. 'I really don't think I'm going to bring so much to this for you that I haven't done already,' she told HuffPost Live on Monday. What could have been: Lorraine Bracco wanted to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi (left) but was originally asked by show creator David Chase to play Carmela Soprano. He cast Edie Falco (right) instead . Oscar nominated: Lorraine Bracco starred opposite Ray Liotta in Goodfellas in 1990. The Martin Scorsese mob drama is recognized as one of the greatest movies in that genre . Obviously not wanting to count herself out of what became arguably the best television drama ever made, Bracco asked to play the character of Dr. Melfi instead. 'I said, 'But I really love this script, and I want to play Mefli.' ... And he agreed with me that I'd done it already and it wasn't really incredible creative casting for him. He said, 'You want to play Melfi?' And I said, 'Yeah, I want to play Mefli'' So I left on that, and he gave it to me.' Speaking about the untimely death of James Gandolfini in 2013, Bracco said his passing was devastating and a wake up call. 'Well yea. My parents died nine days apart and then later Jimmy passed and Jimmy is a decade younger than me,' said Bracco to HuffPost Live. Soprano's stars: Edie Falco, James Gandolfini and Lorraine Bracco at the launch of the show's fifth season in New York City in 2005 . 'I always teased him, 'You gotta get rid of that belly' and he would say, 'Oh, it's pure muscle!' said Bracco. 'But yea, it (his death) was devastating. Young man, talented, at the peak of his career. The peak of his life with a beautiful wife and and baby and his son Michael. 'Greatest guy ever. Loving, caring, sweet, funny, jokester'
Kevin Carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in Devon after 19 months . A British barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes. Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. Now, after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point. And in the process, he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world. The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday. If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours. Mr Denniss completed his run in 2013. Mr Carr's effort is the first unsupported trip around the world, having relied on the generosity of people he has met on his journey. At the start of March, Mr Carr was seven days behind schedule, but he managed to increase his daily run to 44 miles and is now a day ahead of schedule. During his run, Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries, across Europe, Australia, New Zealand and North and South America. For most of his journey, Mr Carr pushed his tent in front of him in a giant buggy although he was able to ditch that back in Ireland. Mr Carr embarked on his epic journey to raise money for the mental health charity Sane because he has suffered from depression. His goal, as well as raising cash, is to prove that because someone my be sometimes ill, they do not have 'a weak mind'. He told The Independent: 'I have always wanted to see how far I can go. What's the limit to our endurance? I simply want to hold the record as the fastest man around the world. It's the purest test of endurance, the natural limit of planet Earth. 'You simply cannot go further on our world, unless you begin running laps.' Mr Carr ran through Europe, before flying to India and then onto Australia and New Zealand. He then went to Canada and the United States, before crossing Chile and Argentina. Finally he flew into the west coast of Ireland before arriving back in Devon. Mr Carr, pictured, has crossed five continents epic journey, starting in Haytor, on Dartmoor in Devon . During his journey, Mr Carr pushed a cart containing all his belongings including his tent . Mr Carr, pictured, is just hours away from completing his trip in a record time beating the previous holder . He said: 'I've pushed my tired legs through most of Europe, India, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the US. "I'have encountered some pretty scary things along the way, from packs of wild dogs in Romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable. 'Most frightening of all, however, was coming face-to-face with bears in Canada. 'One of the bears stalked and then actively came for me. 'I used the bear bangers that someone had given me and, after three misfires, thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing. 'I've had to endure a lot of suffering too. I had severe heatstroke in India and have twice been hit by cars.' During his trip, Mr Carr, pictured, has been chased by wild dogs and come face-to-face with bears . Mr Carr, pictured, is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch. Scroll down for video . HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $99 (£65) to $69 (£45) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast. HBO NOW's official iPhone and iPad app is also rolling out on the App Store today, according to MacRumours, and should become available for all users by the end of the day. After subscribing to HBO NOW through Apple TV or an iOS device, users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix. However, it will only be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms. New York-based HBO, a unit of Time Warner, has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription. New York-based HBO, a unit of Time Warner, has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription until now. The service will be available for iOS devices along with Apple TV set-top box, providing access to shows like Game of Thrones (left) and the Sopranos (right) Price: It available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90). The first month is free for early-bird subscribers. Launch date: Today . Devices:  Apple TV and on Phones and iPads from three months exclusively. it will then move on to other web-based systems. What can you watch? All past, present and future HBO programming. This includes Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, Veep, Silicon Valley and Sex in the City. Where can you watch it? Outside the US, HBO programmes are available through online and pay TV subscription services, such as Sky. The HBO Now service however, is currently only available in the US. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally. With HBO Now, the company is aiming to reach people who have broadband access but don't want to pay for a traditional TV package of dozens of other channels. For the monthly fee, viewers will be able to get HBO content without having to pay for an entire cable package, the company said. The first month is free for early-bird subscribers, the company added. 'This is a transformative moment for HBO,' said chief executive Richard Pepler after an introduction from Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook. The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US, which is now at a lower price of $69 (£45). The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $35 and Roku 2 costing just $70. Time Warner said it wants to push its HBO Now service to the 10 million broadband households that are not subscribed to a cable TV bundle service. It is also targeting the 70 million US cable TV subscribers who aren't HBO subscribers. Outside the US, HBO shows are available through online and pay TV subscription services, such as Sky. They include Game of Thrones, the Sopranos, Veep, Silicon Valley and Sex in the City. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally. The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US, which is now at a lower price of $69 (£45).The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $35 and Roku 2 costing just $70. The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally.
Their Chipotle lunch became a media storm. But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton's most trusted aide Huma Abedin. And so, relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off, the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in New York - with another Mexican bite. The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband, disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner, and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon. Scroll down for video . Before the campaign heats up: Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin (left) was spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and three-year-old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday . Low profile: Weiner (second left) and Adebin wore baseball caps as they enjoyed their lunch with their son. Weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion . Skipping Chipotle: Their restaurant of choice was two doors down from the popular fast food Mexican diner . Abedin and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an Iowa Chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained Abedin did not put any change in the tip jar. Chipotle does not always have tip jars . The family was pictured inside at a table, where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate. It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted, sunglasses on, in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle. Grabbing a burrito bowl and a salad, the pair dashed back out to the 'Scooby Van' - and failed to pay a tip. This time, with her boss out of sight, Abedin side-stepped Chipotle and opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door: Tortaría. Weiner and Abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off Union Square, where tortas range from $7.50 to $11. As well as food served at the table, customers can also buyMexican fare to use at home. Weiner, a former congressman, fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over Twitter. He ordered the family's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call. Abedin's husband Weiner is the disgraced former congressman who was caught sending explicit images to women over Twitter's private message system. The couple stayed together throughout the saga in 2011 . The family will no doubt have to ride out more storms with fierce Republican campaigns against Hillary . Classy: The restaurant also doubles as a bodega, selling Mexican-inspired pantry staples . Keen to get going: Abedin looks back as Weiener brings up the rear, holding his son's scooter and helmet in one hand . It was a quiet and relaxed day for the family as they embark on a doubtless hectic journey toward the 2016 election. Rand Paul quipped on Saturday that the Clinton campaign will require two planes wherever they go - 'one for her entourage, and one for her baggage'. 'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said. Opinions were divided over whether the former Secretary of State nailed her attempt to woo Middle America with her tour of Iowa. Not the only one with a taste for Mexican: Marco Rubio also dipped into Chipotle for lunch the other day . In a bid to win over the everyman, she met with voters and laid out her vision for a campaign to be a champion for the average American. And, of course, visited Chipotle. Clinton is not the only presidential hopeful who has been seen tucking into Mexican fast food on the trail as they each try to court Hispanic and low-income voters. Republican hopeful Marco Rubio has also grabbed a Chipotle lunch. Jeb Bush, however, admits that is not on his to-do list - as he and his Colombian wife cook 'authentic' Mexican food at home.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015, after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now mentor Ricky Wilson, his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora, Tom Jones and Will.i.am, and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success. Because it's not just a hit single Stevie needs, he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts. Scroll down for video . Can this year's The Voice UK champion Stevie McCrorie break the winners' curse? His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident Stevie could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of The Voice UK, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer. The very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show . Series one winner Leanne Mitchell, mentored to success in 2012 by Sir Tom Jones, blew everyone away with her version of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You in the live final. But despite much excitement surrounding her first single, she failed to rank any higher than number 45 in the music charts. Then a year later came her album, a record of songs written entirely by her rather than a compilation of cover versions, which failed to chart in the top 100. Some, including The Script frontman and former Voice coach Danny O'Donoghue, believe Leanne didn't have the right work ethic. When asked last year about Leanne's flop, he said, 'I was told by Tom Jones, and by the label as well, that Leanne just did not want to work as hard as you have to work to be a pop star.' Leanne won the public vote in the final of The Voice UK's first ever series, but her debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released . Leanne Mitchell has now returned to her previous employment, singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea, Norfolk, after failing to make her mark on the music industry . After being dropped by her label Decca, Leanne is now working in the job she thought she'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea, Norfolk. The singer has defended her efforts, suggesting that she was given poor advice and not enough support once she'd finished writing her album. But can the same be said for series two winner, Andrea Begley? Former The Voice UK coach Danny O'Donoghue criticised Leanne Mitchell for not working hard enough after winning series one of the BBC talent show, but has failed to make his own winning act, Andrea Begley, who was crowned champion of the second series in 2013,  into a household name either . Partially sighted Irish singer Andrea was determined to avoid the mistakes of her predecessor Leanne, but despite enjoying more chart success amd holding onto her record deal, she too has failed to equal the superstardom that comes with winning other TV talent shows like Simon Cowell's The X Factor . The partially sighted singer from Pomeroy, Northern Ireland, now 29, won the public vote in 2013 after being mentored by fellow Irishman, Danny. She even commented on the failings of her predecessor Leanne, and said that she was determined to do things differently. 'Everybody is obviously aware that last year things didn't go maybe as well as they could've done, and I think lessons have been learned,' she told the Mirror, shortly after being crowned champ. Andrea's album, The Message, released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts, but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners, and you soon understand the singer's disappointment . But while Andrea is still fortunate enough to have herself a record deal, her success hasn't been the chart topping megastardom that winning a rival show like The X Factor might bring. Her debut single, a cover of Evanescence's My Immortal, charted at number 30, while her follow up, Dancing In The Dark, originally by Bruce Springsteen, didn't make it any further than 113. Andrea's album, The Message, released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts, but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners, and you soon understand the deflation in the Begley camp. Will.i.am won the third series of The Voice UK with Jermain Jackman, a young singer from Hackney, London . 2014 The Voice winner Jermain saw his debut single And I Am Telling You, a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls, chart at just number 75 . Hot on the heels of Andrea was Jermain Jackman, who won last year's series with coach Will.i.am. If a slow start killed Leanne Mitchell's chances, Jermain and Will had better kick this career into gear. The singer from Hackney in London, still just 20-years-old, saw his debut single And I Am Telling You, a cover of the Broadway number made famous by Jennifer Hudson in musical Dreamgirls, chart at number 75. Despite various public appearances, once with Mitch Winehouse at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse, Jermain's debut album this month has landed at number 42. Compared with X Factor's 2014 winner Ben Haenow, whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot, Jermain's success has so far been what you could call limited. Compared with X Factor's 2014 winner Ben Haenow, whose debut single landed the Christmas number one spot, Jermain's success has so far been what you could call limited . Despite various public appearances, once with Mitch Winehouse (pictured centre) at a charity event in the name of his late daughter Amy Winehouse, Jermain's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . The glitter falls from the ceiling...but the real hard work is just beginning for Stevie McCrorie . So can Stevie McCrorie break the curse and become the first ever success of The Voice UK? His debut single will be Lost Stars, a cover of Adam Levine's hit from the film Begin Again, which was nominated for an Oscar this year. The Scotsman has also reportedly been asked to perform at music festival T in The Park already. Stevie's coach Ricky Wilson, frontman of rock band Kaiser Chiefs, has been quick to defend his protege in the face of criticism. When asked if he's worried about the growing number of The Voice UK flops, he simply replied, 'Stevie hasn't won it before.' So now it's all eyes on you Stevie! No pressure... Though it's not always the winners who reap all the success (Steve Brookstein, case in point), the X Factor has produced far more chart successes than The Voice UK. Here are just a few of the best-selling artists that came from Simon Cowell's ITV show: . One Direction They didn't win, in fact they came third, runners up next to Matt Cardle and Rebecca Ferguson in 2010, but Simon Cowell's boyband has sold over 50 million albums and quite literally, taken over the world with their legion of fans. Leona Lewis Despite having left Simon Cowell's label Sycon last year, Leona remains one of the show's biggest successes, having sold over 4.4 million singles off the back of her 2006 win. JLS The runners-up of the 2009 series, JLS went on to sell over 3.9 million singles and 2.7 million albums, before splitting up in 2013. Olly Murs He came second to Joe McElderry in 2009, then went on to sell almost as many albums as JLS and co-present the X Factor's sister show Xtra Factor in ITV2 with Caroline Flack. Alexandra Burke After winning the 2009 series following her duet with Beyonce, Alexandra went on to rack up more than 1.25 million sales for her debut single Hallelujah. James Arthur Before the singer landed himself in hot water with volatile Twitter rants, he clocked up over 1.2 million sales of his first single Impossible after winning the 2012 series. Little Mix The first ever group to win the show in 2011, Little Mix have now beaten The Spice Girls' chart success in America and raked up an impressive 132million VEVO views. Rebecca Ferguson Though she came second to Matt Cardle in the 2010 series, Rebecca has just released her third album Lady Sings The Blues and has enjoyed steady chart success.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain, but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee. Former Portsmouth ace Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead. The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain, but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan. Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . Bain refuses to react as the Turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at Den Park . Turkish forward Ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match . It was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place, as United's poor run of domestic form continued. In front of a sell-out crowd, Dundee started well with midfielder Jim McAlister trying his luck early on with a 25-yard snap-shot on his left-foot which Radoslaw Cierzniak in the visitor’s goal held. United's reply was a sweeping move involving Paul Dixon and Chris Erskine who, in turn, fed Ciftci - but his low shot was saved by Scott Bain. Jake McPake wheels away in celebration as helps Dundee earn first derby win in over a decade . However, Dundee broke the deadlock in the 14th minute through Stewart. The home side's top scorer turned smartly and hit a shot from 22 yards which should have been dealt with by Cierzniak, but the Polish keeper allowed the ball to trickle through his hands and into the net, leaving him red-faced. The lead, however, was short-lived as United levelled two minutes later. Chris Erksine's powerful shot came off the hand off Dark Blues skipper Kevin Thomson's hand, and referee John Beaton pointed straight to the spot. Up stepped Ciftci to send Bain the wrong way and square things up. Dundee Utd goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak looks back at his goal after Mark Stewart opened the scoring . Stewart celebrates his derby goal with a fan as he runs over to the home faithful at Den Park . However, Dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when Stewart's corner was met by McPake, who rose above Jaroslaw Fojut head past Cierzniak from six yards. As the half-hour mark approached, United came close to equalising when Aidan Connolly jinked in from the left before unleashing a venomous shot which Bain was relieved to see clear his crossbar. The Tangerines were desperate for an equaliser before the break and in the 35th minute Dixon's whipped cross was met by Connolly - but his left-foot effort went wide. Dundee Utd's Chris Erskine goes down under a challenge from Stephen McGinn during the Dundee derby . United attempted to step up a gear and John Rankin's 56th-minute shot was deflected just wide by Stewart for a corner. At the other end, Dundee's Paul McGowan released Paul McGinn down the right and his cross picked out Heffernan - but the striker mishit the shot and the chance was not taken. However, Heffernan was not to be denied and the Irish ace killed the contest midway through the second half. Dundee's Paul Heffernan taps home his side's third goal of the game as they close in on derby victory . Skipper Thomson sent Stewart clear on the left and his cross was perfect for Heffernan to calmly knock home at the far post. McGowan almost made it 4-1with 10 minutes of the contest remaining, only for Cierzniak to defy him with a fingertip save from his header. However, the hard work had already been done by the hosts - who were by far the better team on the night.
That's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney, with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. Now that the heels have been kicked off, the cameras put down, and the last bottle of champagne drunk, FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows, the beautiful designs we can't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we won't be trying any time soon. Some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag, other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model's backs... while a few were downright bizarre. Make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased, with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces, masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous. The week that was: MBFWA featured loud prints, metallic, intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows Romance Was Born (left), Toni Maticevski (L) and Steven Khalil (middle R)... and some very different beauty looks and trends we won't try in real life (R) Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows, including Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo. Skin is definitely in - flimsy, sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk, with the front row receiving an eyeful as breasts, backsides and everything else were put on display beneath see-through mesh and lace designs. A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling - both Akira Isogawa and Bondi Bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces. Meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind, to giant animal heads, and Ned Kelly-inspired head pieces. METALLICS . Shine on: Maticevski (left), Ginger & Smart (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) wowed with metallic golds and bronzes . Metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk. Head-to-toe gold dazzled at Toni Maticevski, while Johanna Johnson showed full-length skirts. Ginger & Smart's bronze dresses were favourites for their wear-ability off the catwalk. VOLUMINOUS SILHOUETTES . Big is better: Toni Maticevski (left), Ellery (middle), and Michael Lo Sordo (right) all presented voluminous silhouettes . The future is now: Contemporary styles by Maticevski (left and right) and Romance Was Born (middle) were masterpieces of design, wearability is questionable . Big is better - silhouettes went super-sized at many of the highlight shows. Maticevski, Romance Was Born, Ellery and Michael Lo Sordo all presented billowing, voluminous gowns. SLOUCHY COMFORT . Pyjama party: Laid-back, slouchy silhouettes featured in the (L-R) Haryono Setiadi, Gary Bigeni, Tome, and Serpent & The Swan shows will make for a comfortable season . Next season looks to be a comfortable one. As well as the oversized evening wear being showcased, ready-to-wear separates were inspired by bedtime. Haryono Setiadi, Gary Bigeni, Tome, and Serpent & The Swan all presented slouchy, pyjama-style ensembles. COUTURE CREATIONS . Dazzling: Couture creations made a splash - our favourites were seen at (L-R) Galanni, Steven Khalil, and Johanna Johnson . Masterpiece: Betty Tran on Thursday night presented a show-stopping gown . Heavenly show-stopping masterpieces were highlights of the week, with intricate hand-sewn embellishments, fringing, feathers, and sheer fabrics key trends. Johanna Johnson closed the week with a number of beautiful creations, while Steven Khalil, Betty Tran and Galanni also sent incredibly couture down the runway. WE SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU . Peekaboo: Marriam Seddiq (left), Any Step, (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) gave the front row an eyeful with their revealing designs . Sheer delight: Delicate sheer fabrics left little to the imagination at Mariam Seddiq (left), Kate Sylvester (middle), and Johanna Johnson (right) Things got a little cheeky mid-week, particularly amongst the up-and-coming designers, who strived to stand out during the New Generation and Raffles Showcase presentations. Marriam Seddiq during the St George New Generation show and Any Step during the Raffles International Showcase in particular had the front row blushing, with their see-through creations that put models' bodies on full display. The Any Step show stood out for its bondage-style dress made of only leather straps and buckles. GLADIATORS ARE BACK . Lace it up: Bec & Bridge (left), CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston (middle), and Daniel Avakian (right) all showed knee-high Gladiator sandals . Oh, hello 2008. Your favourite footwear trend is back again. Bec & Bridge and Daniel Akavian accessorised their wares with very similar Gladiator-style lace-up sandals, while the CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston show presented the same in metallic gold. BIZARRE 'BEAUTY' Don't try this at home: One Fell Swoop (left), Akira Isogawa (middle), and Dyspnea (right) tried out some interesting hair and beauty styles that we won't be trying in real life . The beauty looks of the week were met with some head scratching. 'Ugly' beauty, and unusual trends including sequinned faces are styles best left on the catwalk. Hair was repeatedly slicked down, while some hair designers got crafty, creating 'origami' influenced hair style and sectioning off strands of hair to create unique designs (pictured at Dyspnea). ACCESSORISE THIS . Hats off to you: Blue Glue Bikinis (left), Vanessa Moe (middle) and Romance Was Born (right) were in the headlines for their out-there headwear on the runway which included oversized animal heads, perspex masks, and Ned Kelly-inspired headpieces . One-sided: Both Ellery (left and right) and Gail Sorronda (middle) sent models out sporting circular ear pieces on one side . Accessories threatened to overshadow the designs they were intended to complement. Blue Glue Bikinis sent models down the runway wearing oversized animal heads, Vanessa Moe's plastic face masks were a unique touch, while Romance Was Born's quirkiest inclusion in their Australiana-themed presentation was a Ned Kelly-inspired head piece. Both Ellery and Gail Sorronda's models sported circular ear pieces or earrings on one side only. STRONG IS THE NEW SKINNY . Sporty: We Are Handsome made headlines for casting fitness influences instead of regular models for their show (left and right), while Bec & Bridge's debut Swim line show featured healthier models (middle) The We Are Handsome show made headlines when design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers chose to cast fitness influencers rather than traditional models in their shows. Lindy Klim, along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses and modelled the brand's new Activewear range. SPECTACULAR SETTINGS . Unique: The iconic Icebergs pool was drained on Thursday to create a spectacular seaside catwalk for Ten Pieces . Australiana: The Art Gallery of NSW was transformed into a colourful floral setting for the Romance Was Born show . Moving: The Ellery show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet . While most of the shows took place at the Carriageworks venue in Eveleigh, a few designers went rogue, putting on shows in a more spectacular fashion with elaborate sets, locations and stunts. Ellery's opening show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet and Romance Was Born were typically stand-out with their floral setting inside the Art Gallery of New South Wales. But the nod for most scenic setting was Ten Pieces on Thursday, who drained the iconic Icebergs pool to create a stunning seaside catwalk overlooking Bondi. MAKING HEADLINES . Making news: Someone with sticky fingers stole THREE of the tablets gifted to the front row at Maticevski (left), while the fashion crowd followed in the footsteps of Kimye and the Beckhams by bringing children to the shows (right) Highlights and headaches: The opening show on Sunday night by Ellery kicked off proceedings with Gemma Ward's triumphant return to the catwalk (left), but angered a local man who interrupted the catwalk show to complain about the noise (right) The primarily smooth-running week was interrupted on a few occasions which grabbed our attention. Opening night at Ellery got off to a dramatic start, with the audience witnessing the return to the catwalk by home-grown supermodel Gemma Ward. The night took a turn, though, when a disgruntled neighbour stormed the stage complaining about the racket. Australian fashion insiders copied the Beckhams and Kim Kardashian by turning up to the shows with their children in tow, while someone with sticky fingers stole three tablet worth $899 that were intended for front row guests.
Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month. Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions. Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire . Members of the ONE Pro Cycling, for which the former England cricketer is CEO, in the Chorley Grand Prix . Prior said: 'We are hugely ambitious as a team and as a company and we want to eventually move up to pro-continental level and hopefully above. 'It's very important to have ambition and it's very important from the team's point of view that we create an environment that breeds success and gives the team the chance to be successful. 'We've got some hugely talented young lads and we will learn such a huge amount from the opportunity to race against such big teams and big riders.' The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand. The ONE Pro team in Yorkshire on Monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in England . But for Prior the possibilities in the sport were really underlined by the spectacular success of last year's Tour de France Grand Depart, which in turn inspired the Tour de Yorkshire. Such is the enthusiasm for cycling in the county race officials match Prior's more personal aims in wishing to turn the new Tour into one of the biggest of its kind in the world. Prior added: 'It was because of the Grand Depart that ONE Pro Cycling really started - seeing all those thousands of fans lining the streets we really wanted to give them the chance to be a part of a professional cycling team. The team, which Prior has big plans for, warm up for their elite racing debut in Chorley . 'When I was 12 years old my dream was to be a professional cricketer and play for England in the Ashes - you want to be involved in the biggest events you possibly can. 'Likewise, when we sat down and started this team we agreed that the dream should be to one day line up in the Tour de France and that hasn't changed. 'It's a long way down the line but we're building and we're certainly going in the right direction. To be given an opportunity to race in Yorkshire is another massive tick in the box.'
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up – and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets. ‘I’ve had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months,’ he said. ‘But I feel everything at the crease is as I want it to be. Steven Finn believes he's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place . Finn admits he's 'had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months' but he's got his 'head straight' Finn smiles as he helps launch ECB's Club Open Days on Tuesday at Brondesbury Cricket Club . ‘My running style is something I’ve had my issues with – kneeing the stumps and shortening my run-up, which is what c**ked me up, really. It’s about trying to get it back to being natural. ‘We’ve got footage that I use when I’ve been bowling at my best. When I was running up as a carefree 21-year-old, I just legged it into the crease. 'It was natural, and I bowled quickly, consistently. My bowling’s looking pretty similar to that at the moment.’ Finn’s claims will be music to the selectors’ ears as they begin to fret about England’s fast-bowling stocks. Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . Finn’s form return comes at a good time as England's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season, but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps, the last of which he won back in 2013. ‘I don’t feel I’d have done myself a disservice had I been on the West Indies trip,’ he said. ‘In the World Cup, if you take out the wickets against Australia, I was taking proper wickets – lbw, bowled, caught behind. ‘Coming back to Middlesex and getting my head straight hasn’t been the worst thing. I’m gutted I’m not in the West Indies, but this is the next best thing.’ This summer more than 1000 cricket clubs will take part in Club Open Days, supported by Waitrose – register your club at ecb.co.uk/clubopendays .
Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia, Alex Perry's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week, and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying 'taking a breather'. Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA, Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row, after focusing on his international efforts of late. 'My team and I just need a bit of a breather - we've just finished selling in Paris, and we've had an incredible season over there, so we're busy focusing on international at the moment,' Perry told DMA at the Ellery show on first night of Fashion Week. Scroll down for video . Perry pulls out of presenting: Acclaimed designer Alex Perry opts out of showing at this year's MBFWA . 'We're busy working on Cruise too,' (Perry's popular party dress collection). 'I wouldn’t be standing here talking to you if we were showing on Monday or Tuesday,' he laughs. This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. When asked if he will miss the excitement of running his own show, Perry said while he loves it, he's happy to sit back and see it from a new perspective. 'The chances I do get, I love to take in the whole thing, my eyes will be wide open as I sit in the front row,' he says. 'Because I'm not presenting a show I can really look forward to supporting some of my friends like Kym (Ellery) and Johnny (Schembri from By Johnny) they're my two faves  I'm specifically wanting to see.' Fashion favourite: Perry says Kym Ellery (pictured left) is one of his favourite designers showing this week . On Kym Ellery's show, Perry says she had a great cast of models and knew the fashion would be beautiful and all about showcasing shape and new directions. As for what he sees trending this season, Perry said the Australian market is so diverse, anything could happen. 'There are so many different designers with so many styles now, It’s not like it was 50 years ago when skirts are to the knee or something like that, there are so many handwritings, so I think it will all become really apparent after we see them this week.' 'Someone like Kym is so incredibly on point internationally at the moment which is her style, but then Johnny is going to give us some fun, sexy tight stuff.' Fashion flashback: Showing since 1996 , this marks the second time in twenty years Perry won't show . Model moment: Perry with Cheyenne Tozzi (pictured left) who previously starred in Australia's Next Top Model . Perry also believes the Australian market has it's on unique flair, different to fashion internationally that has a more uniform look. 'We definitely have our own signature. I wouldn't say relaxed even though people say that all the time, it’s more we have a different take on fashion. There's a mix of designers that are increadibly accomplished then there are younger designers who take more risks and challenges,' he says. 'And at the same time you can Australian designers anywhere in the world and it stands up in any country you go to and people are intrigued by it when they see girls wearing it.' Taking a break from the runway, Perry now is devoting his time to international enterprises, with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market. Front row fashionistas: Perry  front row alongside Marie Claire's Jackie Frank (left) and Kyly Clarke (right) 'Asia is a big expansion market and the Middle East is huge, it’s had unprecedented growth in so while I’m doing stuff in Australia I’m also doing things that resonate in those regions to build brand profile in those countries.' For Perry who also is a judge on Australia's Next Top Model, this also will include more work in TV overseas. He has currently filmed production for Asia’s Next Top Model which is said to broadcast to over 11 million homes in Asia and Middle East via the Star World Network and he's also looking into more TV opportunities there but can't go into the specifics yet. Model Mogul: Perry  with Alessandra Ambrosio (left) who guest stars in this year's Australia's Next Top Model . From A-List to Asia: Perry has just filmed Asia's Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia . As for his fashion empire, Perry believes despite his work in TV, as well as linen and Specsaver lines, fashion is his first and foremost love and while he admits he won't stop at one thing, everything has to have synergy with his fashion brand. 'TV stuff gets a lot of press, but in reality  I’m a fashion designer  and it’s all about the credibility of clothes, so I’m really focused on that because that propels everything else.'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance, sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. 'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV. Terrible: Tragedy struck Thursday night at an Indiana high school's performance of the musical American Pie . Buckled: Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale, the platform beneath them collapsed . Shocking: The performers plummeted through the wooden riser in a spectacle so unbelievable that some audience members initially believed it was choreographed . Nicola Gruszka, a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way, said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue. 'We thought the worse thing that could happen on that song is that someone could miss their cue,' she told Good Morning America on Friday. After the students behind her plunged into the orchestra pit, she was so shocked that she was unable to move, she said, and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later. Another student, Sam Greathouse, told GMA that he jumped into action. 'As soon as the stage went down I just hopped up and started pulling people out of the hole,' he said, adding that students 'really came together as a unit in that moment'. More than 12 people were hurt and least one person was critically injured, a spokesman for the Westfield Police Department said on Thursday evening. But the two students told GMA that they had heard the critically-injured student was doing much better by Friday. 'The worst ones are comparatively mild to what could've happened,' Miss Gruszka said. Some performers walked out of the pit, which was estimated to measure some 10 feet, but others required more serious medical care . The packed house, seen before the tragedy, was asked to keep calm during the confusing aftermath . The drop from the top of the wooden riser to the floor was likely around 10 feet. Many of the witnesses who'd never seen the show weren't initially sure if it was part of the performance. The confusion didn't last, however, as it soon became clear that a terrible accident had occurred. Screams and gasps can be heard in video taken of the incident, which shows all but the lead singer vanish in the middle of the song Don't Stop Believin'. 'Some parents rushed the stage area,' audience member Mandi McKinley Brown told IndyStar. 'Most of us stayed in our seats to stay out of the way. People were lifting large pieces of the stage out of the pit from on top of the kids.' According to student Zach Rader, an administrator then addressed the crowd and asked for calm before asking any healthcare professionals to come forward. Witnesses: Nicola Gruszka, left, was singing in front of the stage when it collapsed behind her, while Sam Greathouse, right, helped to pull students out of the hole. They appeared on GMA on Friday morning . 'We have some seriously injured people,' Westfield fire chief Joe Lyons. The musical's lead guitarist, Blake Camden, was not among them. He said he stepped away after noticing something about the stage wasn't right. 'When all the performers rushed the stage, I saw the floor was starting to bow a little bit and I stepped to the left and the stage collapsed,' Camden, a senior, told RTV. 'I saw 20-30 of my friends fall in.' Chris Baldwin, who works in human resources for the high school about 20 miles north of Indianapolis, said the students fell into the orchestra pit below. Cameron Snyder, 18, a senior at Westfield, was watching the show. When the stage collapsed, a mass of people ran toward it, trying to help their loved ones, Snyder said. Scene: The incident occurred at Westfield High School, pictured on Friday as students head back to class . Back to school: Police said on Friday that the dozen students hurt in the collapse are 'doing really well' 'I was just in a state of shock,' he said. Injured students were taken to at least three different hospitals, Hollowell said. School officials aid class would be held as usual on Friday but that counselors would be on site for students who might need counseling. The incident evoked memories of a 2011 stage collapse at the Indiana Stage Fair that killed seven people and injured nearly 100. High winds toppled rigging and sent the stage roof onto fans awaiting the start of a concert by the country duo Sugarland.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City’s chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team. Ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley, Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for Sheik Mansour’s club to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United. City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Sterling, who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal. The champions have also monitored vice-captain Jordan Henderson, who only has a season left on his Anfield contract. Brendan Rodgers says that a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling . Rodgers talks to Sterling during Friday's training session ahead of FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . However, Rodgers was emphatic that moving to City would not represent a step up. ‘If you say that City is a bigger club than Liverpool, you’re wrong,’ he said. ‘I’ve got big respect for what City are doing — they’re trying to build it the right way. But at this moment you can’t compare the size of the two clubs. ‘You’ve got Liverpool and United, the two biggest clubs in this country and the rest of them are fighting to be there over the next 20 years. I wouldn’t say we were a development ground for going to “bigger” clubs.’ City have tried to sign players from Arsenal and Liverpool hoping to weaken their rivals. They have bought Gael Clichy, Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Kolo Toure from Arsenal but failed to lure Fernando Torres when he was at Anfield. Sterling is wanted by Manchester City this summer for £50million as he stalls over new contract . Sterling has been one of Liverpool's leading lights and was nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year . This summer, Liverpool will also try to sign James Milner from City. Rodgers hopes victory over Villa will strengthen his case and increase the chances of keeping players. ‘Our vision is to win trophies,’ he said. ‘The first objective was to get into the Champions League again. We arrived there this year and could focus on winning a trophy. We just have to concentrate on performance levels, get to the final and we’ll take it from there.’ Club captain Steven Gerrard is available after a three-match ban and Rodgers has to decide whether to start with him in what could be his final appearance at Wembley before his move to LA Galaxy. Rodgers is set to welcome Steven Gerrard back into the squad after his three-match suspension .
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption, a charity claims. The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club, on Baker Street in central London, and confiscated illegally imported fins. Charity Bite-Back, which campaigns to protect sharks, reported the eatery after Jason Chan, its marketing manager, boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth. Scroll down for video . The revelations come after the Royal China Club, a restaurant in central London, was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth . Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup (pictured) on their menus as 'fish fin soup', or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask . More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins, often dying slow, painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off. Graham Buckingham, campaign director at Bite-Back, told The Times he was disappointed that The Royal China Club was not fined for their breach. He added: 'There's never any big penalty for this type of discovery and even if trading standards had chosen to prosecute, the fines are described as minimal.' Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption . While conducting research for a recent report, Mr Buckingham's charity discovered a legal loophole allowing for 20kg of shark fin to be brought into this country if it is for personal consumption. Just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets. He said as many as one in five Chinese restaurants could be offering the dish, but many disguised it as 'fish fin soup' or did not put it on the menu, but offered it to Mandarin speaking patrons.
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late, according to internal memos. The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac. Delayed: Qantas have been  told they could loose thier eight Heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . Fairfax published an internal a memo sent by Captain Martin Gardiner, manager of base operations at Sydney, that details the airlines failings while insisting can staff improve their waning performance. 'As a result of our performance, London airport has given Qantas an official warning; meaning that we could be fined £20,000 [$AU38,336] for each non-compliance of our slot time, or worse lose our slot.' 'We have been asked to advise Heathrow what our plans are to improve this performance. All areas of the business including flight operations are now monitoring the performance of these services very closely so that we can improve our performance and retain our landing slots in [London].' Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport . While Qantas' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February, they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season. Captain Gardiner reportedly said changes in flight times in the last 12 months had 'placed some additional stress on our network and turn-around times'. A Qantas spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that there are a number of factors that can impact our arrival time into London and because of the way scheduling works, small delays on a long journey have a cumulative knock on affect. 'One of the biggest impacts is air traffic delays to get into Heathrow, which is a particular issue because we arrive at one of the most popular times and the airport is now at about 100 per cent capacity.' He said Qantas will be trying to increase the speed of A380 flights to ensure they make it to Heathrow in time. A Qantas spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame for the late arrivals .
An Old Bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ‘taking his eye off the ball’ and passing an 'unlawful' sentence when letting a BT manager dodge jail for a £28,000 expenses scam. Wheelchair-bound  Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT. Starrs, along with fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin, invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation, and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims. Blasted: Judge Nicholas Cooke QC (left) blasted his junior colleague Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC (right) for 'taking his eye off the ball' when he sentenced Christopher Starrs in January this year . Both Starrs and Tamplin, 53, who made £124,000 from the con, admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses. Tamplin was jailed for two years at January's sentencing hearing, but Mr Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ‘act of mercy’ - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £1,500 fine. However, senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ‘unlawful’ - and added Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes. ‘It was an unlawful sentence passed and now I need to do something to put it right, because it was negligence on the parties involved in the matter,’ he said. ‘He was mercifully dealt with, sadly by a judge who didn’t have his eye on the ball.’ The judge told Mark Haslam, defending: ‘The sentence was wrong but that’s a matter of personal opinion. ‘Your client was fortunate to not go straight to prison. ‘What the Recorder did was to impose a package of sentencing options that wasn’t available to him. ‘No one appears to have noticed that the sentencing imposed on Mr Starrs was unlawful. ‘I am sorry to be the headmaster but we really don’t want this sort of thing.’ Fraud: Wheelchair-bound Starrs, 50, was a manager with BT who admitted defrauding the company of £28,000 over two years . The Recorder, who is the head of 4 Bream Buildings chambers and took the Silk in 2006, gave Starrs a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years and ordered to pay a fine, and allowed the confiscation proceeds to continue. But Judge Cooke said it was not possible to imposed a financial penalty at the same time as postponing a confiscation order. Turning his fire on the barristers who were at the sentencing hearing, he added: ‘This is supposed to be a centre of excellence, when you expect the representatives to point out what we can and can’t do. ‘The judge should have been told what his powers were.’ Prosecutor John Ojakovoh said Starrs offered a ‘blank cheque’ at sentencing and has already paid back the £28,000 he stole. After the judge heard the CPS will now drop the confiscation proceedings, he said the original sentence will stand, quipping: ‘He no doubt thanks his lucky stars.’ Both barristers admitted they had failed to spot the sentencing blunder at the time. The main fraudulent claim was for BT vehicles which had been ‘clamped’ by parking authorities. BT Openreach workers are allowed to claim back parking tickets on expenses as they are regularly forced to park their vans illegally to carry out their work. The company pays out around £1million in fines in London alone every year. Starrs and Tamplin used an authentic clamping ticket to reproduce reams of duplicates. Sentencing Recorder Trimmer, who has led a string of high-profile Serious Fraud Office prosecutions in the last two years, said: ‘This was a sophisticated fraud perpetrated over a very long period of time. ‘It involved over 100 or so false claims, made within the context of a large organisation that was open to fraudulent activity. ‘Both of you were in the position of managers within that organisation and both well knew how open the organisation was to fraudulent activity. ‘You both knew how it could be conducted, concealed and be made to benefit each of you personally.’ Starrs, of Northolt, Middlesex, who had worked at BT since 1988, was excused from sitting in the dock because he is in a wheelchair. He was not at court today due to a mix-up over whether he was required to attend.
I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next. Needless to say, we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara. It wasn’t a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas – a fight Carl wanted. Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next. I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin’s manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins, but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Carl. Carl Froch (left) has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May . Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week . There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell’s IBF world title fight against James DeGale, which is the biggest bout of this trio. Anthony Dirrell’s people have already been in touch with me about a Froch fight in the event that he wins, but I wonder if it is big enough. A fight against DeGale still feels to me like the most probable, if he comes through against Dirrell on May 23. That is a huge fight, a proper 50-50, but I fully believe he can do it. For me, from talking to Carl, I think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return. If doesn’t come back this year, I don’t think he will. He has been a year out of the ring so let’s see. I know he is going to have an eagle eye on all these fights. The possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard. He is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week. The guy has the hunger but it has to be for the right fight and the right money. My belief is still that it might be DeGale. DeGale has looked sensational in camp and is improving at a brilliant rate – if he wins the title over in the US he will be in a great position. I mentioned Golovkin before. When I was on the phone to Carl he spent 20 minutes talking about the guy. He is a fighter that absolutely fascinates him; it’s a fight that would get everyone talking. I am looking at it. It would have to be at 168lbs and it would be special. I wouldn’t want to be the one to find out how Golovkin punches at the weight but Carl has a sick mind like that. I’m not going to rule that one out. James DeGale (right) has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return . Another option for Froch could be a rematch with Ward, should the American beat Paul Smith . After a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water. We received no offers from their side and made three of our own – we offered a 50-50 split, a 60-40 in favour of the winner and also a £1.5m guarantee to Frampton. I sent that last offer in writing to them and had no response. You ask yourself who is making these decisions? It is life-changing money for Frampton that has been offered. Let’s hope they don’t spend the rest of their lives kicking themselves. Scott will move on and fight on July 18. I can guarantee that in his next fight he will fight a tougher opponent than Frampton will. Scott Quigg (right, in action against Hidenori Othake) will fight on July 18 against an unnamed opponent . Carl Frampton's team failed to make an offer to fight Quigg, according to his promoter Hearn . Hearn went live on Sky Sports to offer Frampton and his team £1.5m to fight Quigg . Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham, where he will fight Rafael Zumbano Love, the South American champion. He is 6ft 4ins and this will be a good test for Anthony against a big man before he then has his 02 fight against Kevin Johnson on May 30. We are keeping him busy, which is what he wants. I saw him in the gym this week and he is looking awesome. After the Johnson fight he will be out again on July 18 in Manchester and then in September in a big fight. Watch this space. Anthony Joshua (left) beat Jason Gavern (right) last time out and will now face Rafael Zumbano Love .
Eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO. The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the  cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube, prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life. Spine-chilling: The creepy footage shows a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a UFO . Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared. Once the cloud had rapidly dispersed, no trace of it was left in the sky. Speaking to local news website Today.kz, villager Oleg Menshikov said: 'It was like a black cloud. We saw it at around 4 pm on April 3. It dissipated like smoke, but it was completely odourless.' Within minutes of the video being shared online, YouTube users began to question whether the thick black hoop was an alien spacecraft, while others suggested it might just be cigarette smoke immediately in front of the camera but giving the perception it is in the sky. Others thought the cloud was likely to be a naturally occurring weather event known as a thermal microburst, which is caused by a falling mass of warm air. Mysterious: The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace . Dispersing rapidly: Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour on Saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air. Speaking to Russia Today, Andrey Solodovnik - associate physics professor at the Northern Kazakhstan State University - dismissed suggestions the cloud was caused by aliens. He said that based on similar clouds seen in the skies in recent years, the giant black hoop was likely to have been little more than a smoke ring generated by combustion at nearby factories. Plenty of industrial machinery is known to create ring-shaped clouds of smoke, though these are usually lighter-coloured, considerably less dense and vanish in just one or two minutes. In the latest instance it is likely the cloud was far more visible and hung around in the sky for much longer than usual for the simple reason it was cloudless day with little to no wind.
A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the 'dark web' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online. Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman, 19, died alongside his brother Jacques, 20, in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web. At Bolton Coroner's Court today, Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths, adding that it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way.' Torin Lakeman, 19 (left), and brother Jacques, 20 (right), died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web' The brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch Manchester United play a game against Hull at Old Trafford in December last year . The brothers, both from the Isle of Man, were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford. The court was told that Torin, a student of Physics and Planetary studies at Aberystwyth University, had bought MDMA from website Agora from an anonymous seller with the 'handle' Stone Island. Torin's housemate Ethan Bradley said he bought the drugs to 'have a good weekend', and that he would use the drug recreationally, but was not addicted to it. Coroner Alan Walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs, adding he would be writing to the Home Secretary . Jacques was living in Chingford, London, at the time with his grandmother while training to be a chef, so travelled to meet Torin in Manchester, where the pair booked into the pub for the weekend. The hearing was told that both brothers had taken the drug on separate occasions. The pair watched as Manchester United won their match against Hull 3-0, and father Raymond Lakeman said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together. He said: 'They were brothers so they had fallings out but on the whole they got on as best friends. 'They wanted to go and watch Manchester United play Hull City. I booked the tickets and sent them over with two football shirts for them. 'It was the first time they had ever done anything together like this. They didn't know anybody in Manchester. They were looking forward to seeing each other. 'My wife and I were happier than we had been for weeks and months and years.' Landlord William Pilkington later saw them in the bar and when asked whether they appeared to be drunk, he said they were 'on something else'. Detective Inspector Joanne Clawson from Greater Manchester Police said CCTV from a local shop caught them buying two bottles of WKD and a packet of chewing gum which they took back to their hotel. The alcohol was never consumed. Torin was the last to be seen when he came down from their room at around 9.30pm to ask for the pub's WIFI password. Both of the boys' bodies were found on Monday morning, when pub worker Michael Lawrence went to clean the room they had been staying in. Bolton Coroner's Court was told that Jacques, along with his brother Torin, had both consumed the drug before on separate occasions (pictured, Jacques alongside an unknown friend) The court heard that Torin (pictured left, with a friend) bought the drugs via website Agora which cannot be accessed through regular websites, before travelling to Manchester to meet his brother . Mr Lawrence told the inquest: 'I went into room five and saw one of the males on the floor in the room. At that stage I didn't see the other one. 'My colleague went into the room and found the body of the other male in this was on the far side of the bed that would have been hidden from view. Ray Lakeman, the boys' father, said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together, and even bought shirts for the pair . 'I was asked to check by police whether there was any evidence of tablets or drugs or anything untoward and I didn't see anything.' A post mortem on Jacques body found he had 6.15mg of MDMA per litre of blood in his body - almost six times the 'lethal' amount of 1.7mg. He also had 229mg of alcohol in his blood - almost three times the drink drive limit. His brother Torin was found to have 7.08mg of ecstasy in his body, while his blood alcohol levels were lower at 87mg. Pathologist Dr Patrick Ward told the inquest: 'If a person is not used it on a regular basis the impact may be greater. In batches of any drug there are different levels of toxicity. 'They could have taken the same amount but the concentration could have been different. I would anticipate they took the same amounts each.' Recording a narrative verdict, Mr Walsh said: 'They had a great day which makes the tragedy of these deaths even harder to accept. 'There was concern as to the quality and quantity of ecstasy in terms of concentration and that may well have been a factor in terms of the ultimate impact. 'They were likely to be tablet form but when they were taken and where taken is unknown. MDMA is known as ecstasy and I accept there were sufficient quantities in the blood to cause death.' He added: ' I accept the drugs were obtained by use of the internet and the drugs delivered to him from an unknown source by use of the internet on the dark web. 'I am concerned about the ability of young people to obtain elicit substances using the internet. 'I am well aware that is a global problem and little can be done to avoid this supply line being used. The death of Jacques and Torin identify a great problem - the dark web. Recording a narrative verdict, Mr Walsh said the issue of the dark web concerned him 'as a father and a grandfather' (pictured, Torin Lakeman) 'The dark web identified an anonymous supplier and the supplier exists behind the veil - a confidential and sophisticated veil. 'In the case of Jacques and Torin I hear reference to Stone Island and reference to Agora. I believe these matter should be reported to the Home Secretary. 'Young people have a natural ability these days with regard interned who find it much easier to access these dark sites and have available to them supply of drugs by simply ordering on the internet and delivering to address. 'As a father and grandfather it is a frightening prospect.'
Liverpool's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Steven Gerrard, according to Reds legend Robbie Fowler. Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers' side to the final at Wembley. But ahead of Wednesday night's quarter-final replay with Blackburn, Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard (right) trains alongside Rickie Lambert at Melwood on Monday . Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension . Reds legend Robbie Fowler, pictured with Kenny Dalglish, says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard . Fowler told goal.com: 'Everyone would absolutely love Steven to win it, what with this being his last season and possibly last game, and hopefully that will be the case. 'But Liverpool have got to get themselves into the position where they can't do this just for Steven Gerrard. They've got to do it for every individual involved with the club. That's the way it should be.' Gerrard will miss the trip to Ewood Park as he serves the second match of a three-game suspension and Fowler hopes that Jordan Henderson and Co put their missing captain to the back of their minds . 'If you put too much effort in for one man, maybe you can get a little bit too excited or overboard,' added Fowler. 'As much as it would be Steven's last game, they've got to get past that and just do it for themselves. 'In an ideal world, they'll do it, and no-one would love it more than me. Steven deserves to go out on a high but they've got to do it for themselves. It's not all about Steven.' Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth £100,000-a-week. Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield . Fowler believes Sterling, pictured training on Monday, should stay at Liverpool to develop his game . Writing in his column for the Daily Mirror, Fowler said: 'I think it’s nonsense to suggest Sterling will have to go elsewhere to win trophies and fulfil all these dreams he’s apparently got. 'In the space of two seasons, with a very, very young team that will only get better, they should have won the league, should have beaten Chelsea in a semi to get to Wembley... and should play in an FA Cup Final there in May. 'I was brought up at Anfield and still work there, so what else am I going to think?, but he’d be crazy to go at this stage in his development, especially because he’s being guided by a special manager who has already turned Luis Suarez into one of the best players in the world... and earned Luis the money to go with that status.'
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography, to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops, and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races. Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time, if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies, including one that requires 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs. NO BENEFITS: A pending Kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs, among a laundry list of other places . NO INK: Kansas welfare recipients who want taxpayers to shell out for their tattoos have until July 1 to experiment with the latest in body art . PARTISAN: Kansas Republican Gov. Sam Brownback (center) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats . Kansans, like citizens of many other states, are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare. Under the rules of the bill passed in the state legislature, bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment. Recipients would be limited, for the first time, to withdrawing  $25 in cash per day. Liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments. Democratic state Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau told the Topeka Capital-Journal that forcing those people to make multiple trips to bank machines to pay their bills 'is ludicrous. It is outrageous.' State Rep. Carolyn Bridges, another Democrat, complained during a legislative debate that putting limits on how the poor can spend taxpayer dollars says to them: 'If you are asking for assistance in this state, you're sort of less than other people and we're going to tell you how and where to spend your money.' NECESSITIES: Tobacco will be added to the no-no list, along with movie tickets, cruise vactions and lingerie . I SEE A JOB IN YOUR FUTURE: Fortune tellers and psychics? Out. Job training? In. CONFLICT: Republican state Rep. Kansas state Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady (left) insists that getting welfare recipients 'back to work' justifies the new law, while state Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau (right) called it 'ludicrous' and 'outrageous' But state Sen. Michael O’Donnell, the Republican who gathered support for a House bill putting all the changes into place, said public assistance should be spent 'more responsibly' than it had been in the past. 'We’re trying to make sure those benefits are used the way they were intended' – on food and necessities like diapers or toiletries, O’Donnell told the paper. The Brownback administration has signaled its support for the measure. It has already presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, known as TANF, during his first term in office. When Brownback became governor in 2011, the program served 38,900 people statewide. Today that number has dwindled to 15,500, according to statistics compiled by the Kansas Department for Children and Families. Numbers of food stamp recipients – a completely separate category of government welfare – have ticked down by just 6 per cent during the same period, however. Poverty rates among children have remained constant, according to the social-services nonprofit group Kansas Action for Children . The clash of statistics has raised questions about whether the state has actually been moving people off of TANF and into jobs. VICIOUS CIRCLE? Benefits recipients were previously permitted to spend their government money to bail themselves and family members out of jail . YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK: Until Brownback became governor, welfare enrollees could buy liquor with their benefit debit cards, but now his policy is likely to become a law that future pols will find it hard to undo . 'This is serious, good policy for the state of Kansas,' state Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady, a Palco Republican, told the Associated Press. 'There's nothing better to get these people back on their feet than getting them a job and getting them back to work.' But Democratic state Sen. Laura Kelly countered in the Capital-Journal that 'we pat ourselves on the back that our TANF rolls have gone down exponentially and we say it’s because all those people are now working,' but 'we don’t know that and I’m guessing its not the truth.' Another Democratic lawmaker, state Rep. Barbara Ballard, complained during a debate that telling welfare recipients that they can't use their state benefits to visit swimming pools would give the poor one fewer way to stay healthy. Republicans control both the Kansas House and Senate by wide margins. THe House vote was 87-35, and the Senate passed the bill 30-10. If Brownback signs the bill, it will go into effect in July.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Richard Dysart, the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died. He was 86. Dysart, who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Championship Season," died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife, artist Kathryn Jacobi, told The Hollywood Reporter. The acclaimed "L.A. Law" — created by Steven Bochco (who eventually handed off the series to David E. Kelley) and Terry Louise Fisher — aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994. For playing the founder of the firm McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak, Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years, finally winning the trophy in 1992. "I always had him in mind for that role," Bochco said in a 2002 interview with the Archive of American Television. "He's so avuncular. So I reached out to him. You know, Dick is sort of an old hippie. So he went into his closet and tried to find a lawyer outfit, and he came to meet us wearing a suit and tie. He was perfect." "We got together, mapped out the character's past to give us a basis from which to work, and it's all gone smoothly since then," Dysart said in a 1990 interview with The Seattle Times. "Sometimes I worry — it's all been going too well — a role I love to play in a series that's about as good as you can get. Something's wrong!" Perhaps Dysart's most memorable character arc on the show was when he was found in bed with power-hungry competitor Rosalind Shays (played by Diana Muldaur). He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode. Dysart's range of authority -figure parts ran right to the top. He limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "Day One" and in the ABC miniseries "War and Remembrance," both of which aired in 1989, and he was Henry L. Stimson, the 33rd U.S. president's Secretary of War, in the 1995 HBO telefilm "Truman," starring Gary Sinise. Similarly, he played the Secretary of Defense in "Meteor" (1979). Hollywood Reporter: Most powerful people in N.Y. media . Dysart also performed extensively in the medical- (movie) field, performing enough doctor roles to, perhaps, qualify to practice. His two most memorable came in classic satires: in Paddy Chayevsky's scathing "The Hospital" (1971), starring George C. Scott (a good friend), and in "Being There" (1979), as Melvyn Douglas' doctor. He also was a doctor who died a gruesome death in John Carpenter's "The Thing" (1982) and a physician in such films as "The Terminal Man" (1974), "The Falcon and the Snowman" (1985) and "Warning Sign" (1985). Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in the 1993 USA telefilm "Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair" and in Mario Van Peebles' "Panther" (1995). Dysart also excelled as cranky coots and shifty sorts. He portrayed a motel receptionist in Richard Lester's "Petulia" (1968); was the bad guy who battled Clint Eastwood in "Pale Rider" (1985); stood out as a power player in Oliver Stone's "Wall Street" (1987); and sold barbwire in "Back to the Future III" (1990). Dysart was born March 30, 1929, in Boston and raised in Maine. Following high school, he attended the Gould Academy in Bethel, Maine, for a year, served in the U.S. Air Force and attended Emerson College, where he graduated with a master's degree in speech communications. At the time, he was interested in a career in radio (he became fascinated with the medium in first grade, when he was bedridden for a year because of rheumatic fever) but was soon tempted by acting. He moved to New York on a whim and was able to land minor roles on TV and a part in an off-Broadway production of "The Iceman Cometh" opposite Jason Robards. In the mid-1960s, he joined the American Conservatory Theater and toured the country doing plays, then landed roles on Broadway in "All in Good Time," "The Little Foxes" and "A Place Without Doors." He received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "That Championship Season." Hollywood Reporter: Q&A with Liz Smith . Dysart's credits include an eclectic array of movies, including "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder" (1974), "The Day of the Locust" (1975), "The Hindenburg" (1975), "An Enemy of the People" (1978), "Prophecy" (1979), "Mask" (1985) and "Hard Rain" (1998). On television, he was top-notch in the telefilms "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" (1974), "The People vs. Jean Harris" (1981), as Dwight D. Eisenhower in "The Last Days of Patton" (1986) and as studio chief Louis B. Mayer in "Malice in Wonderland" (1985). Survivors also include his stepson Arie and daughter-in-law Jeannine Jacobi, mother-in-law Lenore, brother and sister-in-law Nadine and John Jacobi and grandchildren Abby and Levi. A private memorial is being planned. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations be made to the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum, an outdoor theater in Topanga Canyon in the Los Angeles area. Dysart and Jacobi had a second home in the forests of British Columbia. He was lured out of retirement for his last onscreen appearance, the "L.A. Law" reunion telefilm of 2002. "They remain timely, with cases about points of law that are still current," he said of watching "L.A. Law" reruns in a 2002 interview with The Bangor Daily News. "[The show] was also one of the fathers of yuppiedom. It was very much of the times, and very Los Angeles. It holds up as well as any series I know." People we've lost in 2015 . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.
Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern, the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart. However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. Walled wonder! The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened for visitors today, with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls . The Murodo-daira area of Tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world, with the 65ft walls being created every year, and then melting by July. The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years. An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year. It is hoped the March 14 opening of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line, which connects Toyama Station with Tokyo Station, will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark. The snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of Murodo in Japan from April under it melts in the summer . The whole 37km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer. Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains. One of the most popular activities is to ascend the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama, one of Japan's highest peaks. Today tourists followed to photograph the walls. Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year . It is hoped that numbers can rise again to reach one million with the help of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line opening last month . The sun shone as coaches of tourists flocked today for the opening of the short section . There are many views along the picturesque route include one of Japan's highest peak, the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama . Snowy school trip! 200 Japanese schoolgirls climb the ascent to the top of Mount Tateyama. Other noteworthy sights along the alpine route include Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains .
Mitchell Keenan, with his father Keith, who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent . The family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home. Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated. It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62, following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire, last year when they fell behind with their repayments. Mr Keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment, scabies and dementia. Mr Keenan's aunt, Dawn Doyle, 54, said: 'It's absolutely outrageous what has happened to my brother and nephew. 'They lived in their home for 30 years and got into difficulty last year. 'They had their benefits sanctioned and things just spiralled out of control. 'They both have neurological conditions and disabilities and kept missing jobs interviews, so the problem got worse and worse. 'In July they lost their home and I tried everywhere to get them accommodation but nowhere would take them.' Ms Doyle says she was then forced to buy her brother and nephew a tent, which they pitched on the Beacon hill in Skelmersdale. She also supplied them with food parcels from local food banks, while trying to provide for her own family. She added: 'I felt awful that I couldn't take them in, but I'm a single parent, with my own disabilities and I just knew I couldn't cope. 'I tried my best for them and contacted so many different organisations, but just kept getting turned away. 'Social Services said they couldn't come and assess them because they were in a tent - it was just farcical. Mr Keenan's toes, which eventually had to be amputated after he caught frostbite from living in a tent during winter after being evicted from his home . 'When we saw Mitchell's toes we were horrified, that this can happen to people in the 21st century is disgusting.' Mr Keenan has now been given temporary accommodation by West Lancashire Borough Council and his father Keith has been taken in by the Stonham housing association. Ms Doyle believes that the problems all stemmed from the government's spare bedroom benefit cuts. She explained: 'The bedroom tax is an awful thing, it's affecting people's lives all over the country and needs to be repealed.' A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said: 'Mr Keenan and his son have never been sanctioned and continue to be supported through benefits and by jobcentre staff. 'We have given their local council hundreds of thousands of pounds to support vulnerable people through our housing benefit reforms.'
An Australian kangaroo has hopped to it's freedom, shocking onlookers in West Germany. Police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call. Scroll down for video . Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby . They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl . It wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided 'very believable' answers, that the police realised that they were telling the truth. They were shocked to find a large, Australian kangaroo 'happily' hopping through a field in the town of Bruhl, 20 kilometres south of the city centre of Cologne. They attempted to capture the beast with the help of the local fire department, to no avail reported Deutsche Welle news. Police instead began to work on finding out who the marsupial belonged to. The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms . They contacted a travelling circus who had recently passed through the area but they could account for all of their kangaroos. The owners later contacted police after their kangaroo had returned to it's enclosure. It is suspected that the animal's fencing was damaged after the severe storm names 'Niklas' by German meteorologists battered through Europe. The super storm had gusts of up to 192 kilometres per hour and was one of the most powerful storms in recent years.
Gloating as he relaxes with his AK-47, these pictures show an al-Qaeda commander relaxing inside a palace in Yemen just days after terrorists liberated him from prison. Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards. Scroll down for video . Khalid Saeed Batarfi poses for photographs inside the governor's palace in Mukalla, Yemen, days after he was released from prison by terrorists . Batarfi is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east of Yemen. Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla, pretending to be on the telephone as he wields an assault rifle. A second photograph shows Batarfi standing on a Yemeni flag in the abandoned building. The militants stormed the Central Prison of Mukalla with machine guns and rocket launchers during a midnight raid on Thursday. Rebels: Yemen's president fled to Saudi Arabia after Houthi rebels launched an attack on his palace in the capital Sana'a . After taking over the prison and freeing a number of members of AQAP, the terrorists overran government buildings and the city's port. According to CBS, AQAP Twitter accounts tweeted after the prison raid: 'All the brothers have been liberated, including Sheikh Batarfi who is now amongst his brothers, all praise to Allah.' Mukalla was previously under control of forces loyal to President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi, however it is not clear what resistance to the terrorists remains after he fled the capital Sana'a to Saudi Arabia as rebels launched an attack on his palace.
Seoul (CNN)In the first few days after the Sewol disappeared beneath the Yellow Sea, divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage, bringing the dead home. And throughout the following days, weeks and months, Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter, Huh Da-yun. The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions, and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor. The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island, off South Korea's southern coast. "We kept waiting with belief in finding our daughter. I thought once, 'Somebody will be the last person and what if it's Da-yun?'" Park said. A year later, Park's life remains at a standstill. Nine have yet to be found. "We, the families of the missing victims, are still living the day --  April 16, 2014," said Park, who is in poor health, but refusing treatment. "I cannot think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people." Park's case is an unsettling one -- emblematic of what remains unresolved a year after the Sewol ferry sank. Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges. But families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking of the Sewol are far from resolved. On April 16, the Sewol ferry, carrying hundreds of high school students, began sinking after taking a sharp turn. Passengers were told repeatedly by the crew members to stay where they were as rescuers would arrive soon. Many of them listened to the instructions and remained in place. As the ferry tilted sideways, water seeped in and objects in the ship toppled over, injuring people and blocking their way out. Anger over how the crew failed to evacuate the passengers intensified when video surfaced of the ferry's captain in his underwear leaping into the arms of the Korean Coast Guard while hundreds remained trapped in the vessel. Divers had to pluck the bodies from the water one-by-one, bringing the youngsters back to land in black body bags where they were met with the gut-wrenching cries of their families. On Thursday, the one year anniversary of the disaster, South Korea's President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage of the Sewol's wreck "as soon as possible." "Recently, there was an announcement that it is technically possible to salvage Sewol ferry. I believe that it is now time to earnestly prepare to salvage," she said. A government study on raising the ferry released last week identified a crane and floating dock as the safest way to look for the missing. The Sewol ferry is over 20 years old and there are fears it could fall apart during the extraction, according to the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. The agency anticipates a complicated technical operation to remove the ferry, which would weigh about 10,200 tons above water. The process could take over a year and a half, and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $91 million to $182 million. The victims' families have demanded that the ship be recovered in order to thoroughly investigate the accident. Since the days immediately after the disaster, families have criticized the government over its response. Communication over the rescue efforts were jumbled, paving way for rumors and hoaxes. Criticism swirled over the South Korean Coast Guard's effectiveness in carrying out the rescue operation. The captain of the first coast guard ship sent to rescue the Sewol passengers was found guilty of negligence and making false reports. The recovery efforts have also taken a deadly toll with a total of six deaths -- a diver searching the Sewol died in May, and in July, five people died after a helicopter carrying emergency workers involved in the operation crashed. Park, the South Korean president, pledged major reforms, dismantled the coast guard and vowed an investigation into what went wrong. That promised investigation has been hampered by politics and disagreements between the families and the government over who should participate in the investigation. Earlier this month, several dozens of family members marched to Seoul from Ansan, the suburb where most of the students had resided. Some of the families shaved their heads to demand political action. Several laws have been passed to inspect cargo weight and increase oversight in the industry. In the case of Sewol, the ferry was found to be loaded with double its capacity. Its cargo wasn't secured properly, which threw the ship off balance as the containers tumbled and knocked the vessel off balance. An inexperienced crew and redesigns of the ship to handle more passengers and cargo were also cited as factors in the disaster. The sinking spurred a debate about the shortcomings of the government and what preventive measures should have been taken. "The tragedy of Sewol was also virtually caused by accumulation of corruption, irregularity and going blind eyes," Park said on Thursday. "Corruption and deep-rooted evil are issues that can lead to taking away people's lives. We take this very seriously." In the immediate aftermath, South Korean prosecutors arrested the captain, crew members and business associates. Sewol's captain, Lee Joon-seok, who was widely derided for jumping to safety, was sentenced to 36 years in prison for abandonment causing death and injury, and violating sea laws. In July, the body of a billionaire Yoo Byung Eun, who was believed to have connections to the company that owned the ferry, was found decomposing in a plum field. But some families say that wider, systematic problems that allowed the disaster to occur haven't been addressed.  Whether the ferry will be raised and an independent investigation will be held remains to be seen. CNN's KJ Kwon and journalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report in Seoul.
A Russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday. The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out. Scroll down for video . Smoke: The submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday . Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow, on the White Sea. The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over. 'Preparation for filling the dry dock with water is underway,' said spokesman Ilya Zhitomirsky. 'The operation is necessary to extinguish the fire completely.' Filling the hull with foam to stop the flames spreading was 'not yielding results,' said a source. 'No workers or members of the crew were harmed during the fire,' said Zhitomirsky. A source told TASS news agency the submarine's nuclear reactor had been shut down prior to the blaze. 'The active zone of the reactor was unloaded at the start of repairs a few years ago,' the source said. Emergency: A submarine undergoes repairs at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk in 2012. A nuclear submarine has caught fire at the naval base after welding set insulating material alight during repairs . The 'Yekaterinburg' nuclear-powered submarine at her mooring at the Zvezdochka shipyard (file picture) Remote location: The submarine was being repaired in a shipyard in Severodvinsk, around 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) north of Moscow on the White Sea . The news agency reports said the fire had started during welding, causing insulation materials to catch fire. A similar blaze in 2011 nearly led to a nuclear disaster when a blaze engulfed a nuclear-powered submarine carrying atomic weapons. A leading Russian magazine reported the threat months after the blaze, contradicting official assurances that it was not armed. The Oscar II-class submarine is capable of carrying nuclear-tipped cruise and anti-submarine missiles.
A mother who one day woke up believing she was a teenager after losing 17 years of memory overnight is set to detail her remarkable experience in a new book. In 2008, Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son, in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old. Overnight, she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory. Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life . The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on. She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs. Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick, the internet a mystery - and her 10-year-old son was a stranger. But Miss Jacobs told the BBC it was when her son bounded up to her yelling 'mum' that she succumbed to 'total shock'. She said: 'Everything from fear to joy from seeing this child that I didn't have any memory of giving birth to, but knew undoubtedly that he was mine because he looked so much like me, to terror of having the responsibility of this small child. 'I was convinced that I was going to fall asleep again that night and wake up in 1992. It wasn't real to me what was happening.' Miss Jacobs pictured as a 15-year-old - the age she believed she was when she woke up one morning when struck by amnesia in her early 30s . Miss Jacobs had Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. It affects five in 100,000 people in Britain, rising to 23 in 100,000 in the over 50s. Before her attack, Miss Jacobs, of Manchester, was worrying about a homeopathy business she ran. She was studying for a psychology degree and had her final exams approaching, and had recently split up with the father of her child. The condition caused the 'episodic' part of her memory to shut down, meaning she had lost all her emotional memories. But her semantic memory was still intact, meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers she had regularly dialled. Miss Jacobs has previously described lying awake at night and crying as she desperately tried to make sense of her life and longed to be back at school. She is now set to detail how she began to understand who she was in a new book, titled Forgotten Girl. The book reveals how she went about piecing her life back together using her personal diaries and those close to her. There is no specific treatment for Transient Global Amnesia other than support and reassurance from family and loved ones. Fortunately, Miss Jacobs had this support, and after eight weeks her memory began to return to normal. Transient global amnesia (TGA) is a type of amnesia involving the sudden, temporary disturbance in an otherwise healthy person's memory. The leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event, a problem with blood circulation around, to or from the brain, or some kind of migraine-like phenomenon. TGA attacks are associated with some form of precipitating event in at least one-third of cases. In females, this event is more often of a strong emotional character; in males, it is more often related to some physical exertion. The most commonly cited precipitating events include sexual intercourse, swimming in cold water or enduring other temperature changes, and emotionally traumatic or stressful events. TGA is most common in people between age 56 and 75, with the average age of a person experiencing TGA being approximately 62.
A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing. Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the  fatal shooting  of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. Michael Hanline, 69, pictured with wife Sandy, has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit . Michael Hanline answers questions from the media outside court yesterday after his murder charges were formally dismissed . The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November. After his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday, Hanline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife, Sandy, where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life. 'I feel good,' he added. 'All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with  Sandy and do a little gardening.' 'Hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be.' He added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that California roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars. Mugshot: Hanline was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . After decades behind bars, Hanline was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about 'Buck Rogers' gadgets such as cellphones. 'Gas isn't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes isn't 30 cents,' he said. 'It's a whole new ball game.' Hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing  friend, Ventura resident J.T. McGarry in 1978. He said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison. 'When I first got arrested, I figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36,' he said, including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction. He added: 'I never believed I'd spend the rest of my life in prison, but man, 36 years is a long, long time.' McGarry, a Ventura resident who also used the name Michael Mathers, dealt in drugs and ran motorcycle-oriented swap meets for the publishers of Easyriders magazine, according to court papers. He went missing on November 10, 1978, and was found shot to death two days later by a highway. Hanline, who was romantically involved with McGarry's ex-girlfriend, was arrested on an unrelated charge that month after traveling to Northern California and using McGarry's credit card, court papers stated. He was charged with murder by prosecutors who suggested his motive was jealousy over McGarry's on-again, off-again relationship with the ex-girlfriend. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . The evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November with charges only officially dropped yesterday . Hanline's then-girlfriend, Mary Bischoff, was granted immunity and was a key witness at his trial. She testified that McGarry had skimmed thousands of dollars from motorcycle swap meets and that Hanline had threatened to 'blow his brains out.' She also claimed that Hanline left home with a handgun the night of the killing and returned covered in mud. He said he worked on motorcycles at home all night except for leaving to get beer. In 1980, Hanline was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole. DNA analysis was not conducted at the scene where McGarry's body was discovered because the technology did not exist then. But Ventura County prosecutors said in court papers an analysis this year found the DNA profile of an unidentified male, not Hanline. In addition, evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline during the trial was withheld from him. Special Assistant District Attorney Michael Schwartz said 'flaws in the trial and the totality of evidence cast sufficient doubt to warrant vacating the jury's guilty verdict.' Lawyers from the California Innocence Project had been working for 15 years to free him and it was them who persuaded local prosecutors to re-examine the evidence. 'The conviction was based on 'paper-thin evidence,' said Justin Brooks, director of the California Innocence Project. Prosecutors had said Hanlin, pictured in 1974,  kidnapped McGarry, shot him and dumped his body off of a highway . 'He is 100 percent innocent,' Brooks said outside court. Testing showed DNA found at the crime scene did not come from Hanline or his alleged accomplice. In addition, prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline's legal team during the trial. Hanline's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on November 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case. However, he had been required to wear a GPS ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial. A Ventura County Superior Court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors, telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations can't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. Prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed McGarry, who had ties to a motorcycle gang, he said. Hanline is at least the third person in recent years to be freed from a California prison after serving long sentences for murder. Last fall Susan Mellen, a 59-year-old mother of three, was freed after spending 17 years in prison for the death of a homeless man in Lawndale. A Los Angeles County judge said she was convicted on the word of a liar. In 2013, Kash Register was freed after spending 34 years in prison. The judge said prosecutors used false testimony from an alleged eyewitness. In 2007, Timothy Atkins was freed after spending 20 years in prison for a 1987 robbery and murder in Los Angeles. A key witness who claimed she heard him confess recanted her testimony.
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government – but it seems he’s actually set up shop in the middle of the White House. At least, that’s where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps. A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely. A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters . It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia . Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’. Mr Seely, from Seattle, told MailOnline that he created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems. He said: 'The point was to demonstrate how a year ago, I'd shown the same type of flaw on Google and they have not fixed it. I wanted wanted to show it's still broken, in a funny way. 'And anyone could do this without any special equipment or code.' It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden. The Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency, according to a report. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down. Evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world after the former CIA contractor leaked 1.7million classified documents in 2013 is compiled in the first comprehensive public analysis of the leaks by the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank. The Snowden files revealed details about covert attempts by agencies to view citizens' private information by gathering internet histories, emails, text and call records and passwords. Now the Henry Jackson Society has found that at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications. The think-tank has also found other groups using human couriers instead of email and mobile phones. Edward Snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed. Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said. He accused the former US spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities. After Mr Snowden, 31, revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents, he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum. The decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin was seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained. But the details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them. Mr Soldatov, who runs a website which is an online watchdog of Mr Putin’s intelligence agencies, spoke out in an interview with the Daily Beast, a US news and culture website. Mr Soldatov is also an author, investigative journalist and analyst who has been working on the Russian security state for a decade. He said: ‘I think there is some sort of a deal with the Russian authorities. ‘It seems Snowden insisted that he’d never be used by Russian propaganda. ‘He never made it onto (Russian TV station) RT or other state media outlets and of course they would be happy to have him. ‘He’s clearly being exploited - after all, many repressive measures on the Internet in Russia were presented to Russians as a response to Snowden’s revelations.’ Mr Snowden is still a wanted man in the US where, if he returns, he will face espionage charges that could see him jailed for life if convicted. The White House is one of the most heavily guarded buildings in the world . Jihadist websites also released three 'significant' encryption programmes 'within a three- to five-month time frame of the leaks', meaning fanatics are harder to detect and encrypted emails take longer to decipher. Report author Robin Simcox said: 'The focus has been about the so-called mass surveillance by GCHQ and the NSA but these leaks have allowed extremist groups and jihadists to look at our capabilities – what we can and can't do – which has given them a great insight. 'At a time when the range of threats against the West has never been greater, with Yemen, Iraq, Syria, Somalia and Al Qaeda in Pakistan, it is astonishing the focus has been more on the shortcomings of our intelligence agencies and not the fact Snowden has helped terror suspects drop off the radar. 'He has caused severe damage to our ability to fight extremism.' MI5 director general Andrew Parker has called the traitor's actions a 'gift to terrorists'.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN)On March 20, 2013, a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in South Korea. Then more ominously on December 23 last year, computers at the country's nuclear operator were breached.  Again cybercrime was suspected. The source of these attacks? North Korea. And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. They shared this data with CNN. The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters, disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean. "It would try to delete essentially all your files... then restart the system. You would come back up and nothing would be there," Joshua James, a digital forensic expert, told CNN. "If it infected more financial systems, it could have deleted all financial data in Korea. I mean, it is dangerous," the visiting professor at Chuncheon's Hallym University added. Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down, while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals, or transfer money online. "Dark Seoul" happened shortly after the North Korean government announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year Korean War to an end in July 1953 amid growing tensions with its neighbor. The latest high-profile digital incursion, in December, attempted to steal data from South Korea's nuclear operator, including plant blueprints and personnel information. Though investigators said no critical data was stolen, the attack raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the 23 nuclear power plants it runs. The attack itself was described by James as a "spear-fishing" exercise where unsuspecting victims -- retired and current employees of the nuclear operator -- were prompted to open up a disguised document in their email. "As soon as you double click on it, it starts running in the background of your computer where you can't see ... it's also trying to open up your computer -- what we call a back door -- to give access to the infected system by the attacker," he told CNN. The attack, which James said was simpler than "Dark Seoul," came just a few days after Sony Pictures said their systems has been "hacked," another attack the South Korean authorities blamed on North Korea. "From a law enforcement or investigation side, we're trying to actually trace back to who did it," said James. Seoul announced in mid-March that some of the IP addresses used in December incursion could be traced back to Shenyang, China, which can be easily accessed from the North Korean border. Codes used in the attack were said to be similar in pattern to those used by the North Koreans, South Korean authorities said. "The malicious codes used in the attack were same in composition and working methods as "Kimsuky" codes known to be used by North Korea," the prosecutor's office that leads 17 other government agencies and Internet companies in the investigation said in the statement in March. Pyongyang has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication that can never win over the truth." But many experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons and can cause significant economic damage to its southern rival. Indeed South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers as it focuses on strengthening its asymmetrical warfare capability. "Hacks are going on all the time, constantly -- though how many actually make the news is a very small amount," said James. "How many are detected in general? I think the average person would have no clue they've been hacked. "Organizations need to invest the same amount that hackers are investing to protect themselves and right now they're not," he added. Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks. A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, a government-funded think tank, estimates that "Dark Seoul" caused about $820 million worth of damage. Its report, published in 2014, predicted that by 2020, South Korea could be exposed to hacking attacks causing up to $25 billion in economic damage.
This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block. The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump, reports People's Daily Online. Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her. Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman's arm just in time . But before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge. Fireman Xu Weiguo, who was also inside the apartment, immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on to the ledge to help to haul the woman to safety. She was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window by the firemen before being restrained by police officers and taken to hospital. He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down . Having held on to her arm, a colleague then joined him to help pull her back on to the ledge . The woman reportedly said she'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend . She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . Xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job. He told ThePaper.cn 'At the time I hadn't even put on my safety rope or even my helmet when I heard someone outside shout, "She's going to jump". 'I didn't have time to think - I just ran through the apartment and seeing her hanging on the ledge I jumped through the window and grabbed her arm. 'As the ledge is narrow and difficult for me to get good leverage I had to flatten myself out and wait for my colleagues to help. Luckily we were able to save the woman. 'There was no time to think, the entire rescue took 2-3 minutes. Any hesitation by me and she may have fallen off the ledge so I didn't have any of my safety apparatus in place when I grabbed her. 'It was quite dangerous. Under normal operational procedures I would have to wear my helmet as well as my safety ropes.'
Disgraced former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court Wednesday, arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme. The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the CEO of a dietary supplements company . McDonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption . McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements. Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals. 'Governor McDonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to Williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day,' McDonnell's lawyers wrote in the latest filing. They were responding to the government's brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions. Former first lady Maureen McDonnell, left, was sentenced to a year and a day . Star Scientific CEO Jonnie Williams testified under an immunity deal, admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his 'miracle cure' Anatabloc product . Prosecutors had written in a 93-page submission to the court that McDonnell's actions fit the definition of 'official acts' even better than those taken by former Louisiana Rep. William Jefferson, who is serving 13 years in prison for taking bribes in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals with government leaders in Africa. Jefferson was famously caught with $100,000 in bribe money hidden in his freezer. 'Here, defendant directed his action toward subordinate state employees within the branch of government that he controlled as governor,' they wrote, while in the Jefferson case 'a congressman took action through meetings, letters, and the like directed at other government agencies or foreign governments.' One of McDonnell's chief claims on appeal is that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to 'official acts' covered by federal bribery law. In the new filing, he argues that a meeting McDonnell arranged for Williams with an administration official was 'innocuous' and that there was nothing special about an event at the Executive Mansion to launch Star's signature product, the anti-inflammatory Anatabloc. 'Governor McDonnell arrived late, made neutral comments, and left. He never asked anyone to do anything for Williams,' the brief says. Star Scientific, the maker of Anatabloc, the anti-inflammatory supplement at the center of the McDonnell trial, halted sales of the product in August 2014 . Worse than the freezer bribes? Prosecutors argue McDonnell's behavior was a better fit with bribery laws than that of convicted former congressman William Jefferson, who his $100,000 of his bribe cash in his freezer . McDonnell argues that in addition to mischaracterizing such events as 'official acts,' the government incorrectly suggested that McDonnell kept his staff in the dark about most of Williams' gifts. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. The former governor also renewed claims that the judge improperly denied separate trials for Bob and Maureen McDonnell and that he failed to adequately question jurors about pretrial news coverage. Williams, who was seeking state-financed research on Anatabloc while lavishing the McDonnells with gifts and loans, testified under immunity for the prosecution.
Quick-thinking: Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High, took down a gunman on Monday . A Washington high school teacher is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning. No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey, about 60 miles southwest of Seattle, authorities said. Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station. The teenager, who has not been identified, only transferred to the high school a month ago, according to authorities. He later told police he shot into the air because he didn't want to hurt anyone. A search warrant is being carried out at his home, police said. School district spokesperson Courtney Schrieve confirmed that the 43-year-old teacher had been responsible for helping apprehend the student. 'He is a very brave man who probably saved a lot of people today,' Schrieve told KCPQ. Both students and staff said they were not surprised that Olson, who has taught at the school for nine years, was the one to stop the shooter. 'If anyone in the school were to do something like he did, I would think it would be him,' said student Teia Patan, 17, who is in one of Olson's classes. 'He's one of those people who watch over kids.' Scene: A 16-year-old student walked into the commons, pictured, on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling, according to witnesses. Mr Olson then tackled the boy to the ground . Fears: Parents and students walk away from North Thurston High School on Monday after a 16-year-old student opened fire before classes at the school and was stopped by a teacher . Patan was swept into a classroom and then escorted out of the building after the shooting. He described his high school as a nice, calm school, with no bullying. 'When it was happening, I first thought it has to be fake,' he added. Another student, 16-year-old Anthony Rybalkin, told the News Tribune that he was in the commons area when the shots were fired. 'I saw (the student) walking down the stairs with a cigarette and gun in his hand,' Rybalkin said. 'I was like, "This is actually happening".' He watched as Olson tackled the boy to the ground. He said that another teacher then helped him hold the teenager down. Olson, who is married to an elementary teacher in the school district, Shara Olson, has been teaching for nearly 20 years and has also worked as a former assistant football coach. Scene: No one at the school (pictured) was injured thanks to the quick-thinking of the popular teacher . Safe: Parents hold on to their children after they were released from school on Monday morning . Following his brave efforts at the school, students shared their gratitude on Twitter. 'Thank you so much Mr.Olson for saving so many lives and having the courage to do that,' one wrote. Another added: 'Mr Olson part-time teacher, full-time super hero.' And on her Facebook page, Olson's own mother added: 'So proud of Brady. Not a surprise to any of us that he would be so brave. It was an automatic reaction for him.'
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. The firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature. Scroll down for video . Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more. Simply open Tinder, go to your new profile, and connect it to your Instagram account with a single tap - your Tinder profile will automatically start displaying your recent Instagram photos. Tinder only displays the last 34 photos, users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library. 'You asked, we listened,' the firm said. 'We’ve made some exciting new changes to your Tinder profile including a slick, new Instagram integration and more common friends.' The firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile. 'Now there’s no need to put your Instagram handle in your profile description to tell your story (we got sick of having to do that, too).' It also stressed that the app would not let other visitors to your Instagram feed know it was part of a dating profile. 'And in case you were wondering, Tinder won’t post anything to Instagram on your behalf or alter your existing Instagram privacy settings.' Tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the Instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests . The firm has also used Facebook to boost its 'mutual friends' feature. Tinder now shows you the mutual friends and friends of friends you have in common with your potential matches. 'This adds more context and an extra degree of connection to every swipe,' Tinder claims. It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look, expanding the number of interests people can add. Earlier this month Tinder rolled out ‘Tinder Plus’, a premium service allowing people to ‘undo’ a like or change their location. A study has found that nearly two thirds of dating app users are men - and one in five will pay for premium services. Sixteen to 34 year-olds make up the majority of mobile dating app users, accounting for 70 per cent of the total user base. The study, carried out by London-based research firm GlobalWebIndex, also found that six per cent of web users currently use a location-based dating app. Significantly, just a fifth of dating app users are paying for an online dating service,' co-authors Jason Mander and Felim McGrath said in the report. But now they have set a limit on the number of ‘likes’ a user can perform in one day - which seems to be set at 100. When a user reaches this limit, the app tells them ‘You’re Out of Likes’, and gives a countdown clock until 24 hours are up so they can start swiping again. But, below this clock, a big red button says ‘Get Unlimited Likes with Tinder Plus’. A price is then shown. But different users are reporting the app is asking for different amounts. It seems the prices range from around £1.49 a month to as high as £14.99 - but the reasons why are not clear. This means some users will pay £17.88 a year for Tinder Plus - but others, in the upper price category, will have to fork out a whopping £179.88 a year. This equates to some users inadvertently paying £162 more than others over the course of a year. Speaking to MailOnline, Rosette Pambakian, Vice President of Communications and Branding at Tinder, told MailOnline the app is testing out different price points ahead of a global release. 'We are testing Tinder Plus in select markets at various price points before rolling it out globally,' she said. 'The UK is one of our test markets, so a certain portion of the population was given access to Tinder Plus at varying price points.' However, it is still not clear how the app decides how much to charge a user - and whether it is based on location or activity. In addition, Tinder has not commented on whether a user will receive a refund if they ultimately paid over the odds for the final price of the service.
A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense. Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect. The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her  'vulnerable, passive and gullible'. However at a motion hearing, Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it. The judge went in favor of the prosecution, who said the report should have been filed as evidence last year if the defense were going to argue insanity. Defense denied: A judge ruled Wednesday that attorneys for Brett Robinson, 33, waited too long to file an insanity defense, ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient . Charged: Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . State law says that defendants should file notice regarding evidence of mental disease or defect when they plead not guilty, Oregon Live reported. The judge said the defense filing it on April 10 was 'untimely' and that he didn't want to delay the trial. The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist. Robinson, who worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble', struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named -  in a nearby cell. The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room. According to the psychologist's report obtained by   Robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to 'open up to him' early last year.Then, in March, the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday. When her manager went to lunch, Robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble. She thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell, the report said. 'He kissed me so passionately, I was taken aback. 'I asked about the blanket. 'He said ''I was hoping we could go farther''. 'Then he was saying ''we don't have time to discuss this'', so I had sex with him.' New protocol: In the wake of the scandal, the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . On trial: Brett Robinson, 33, faces charges of first-degree custodial sexual misconduct and first-degree official misconduct . They continued having sexual encounters, the report said, and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with 'Hi Baby'. The letter said: 'I am hoping this letter will better convey the love I feel deep inside for you. ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts, fantasies and dreams, and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side. It makes it hard to go about my normal daily activities when all I do is miss you. You are my everything, Baby – I could not envision my life without you in it.' However the relationship began to sour when Robinson started hearing about the abusive conduct of the inmate elsewhere in the prison. He had passed a sexually explicit note to a nurse and also pushed a female prisoner against a wall and kissed her. The psychologist noted that Robinson was delusional about the man. The report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood. 'There is evidence that these delusions developed in this generally vulnerable, passive and gullible woman as part of a Major Depressive and Anxiety episode,' the doctor wrote. Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry. The prosecution is fighting against Robinson using the insanity defense. In March Curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison. That case was very similar to the allegations against Robinson. Curry was also a services technician and was convicted of letting gang member Jang-Li Delgado Galban, 25,  who was housed in the jail's maximum-security unit, out of his cell and have sex with him in a supply closet. Ex-Washington County Jail staffer Jill Curry, 39, cries in court last month as she was sentenced to more than four years in prison for repeatedly having sex with an inmate in a supply closet . Curry, who is married to a sheriff's deputy, pleaded guilty last month to custodial sexual misconduct and other charges stemming from her contact with Delgado Galban. Authorities said the sexual misconduct occurred while a deputy was at lunch, when Curry, a civilian jail services technician, was alone in the unit's control room, reports The Oregonian. Curry pushed a button to unlock the inmate's cell and the pair would then meet in the supply closet to have sexual relations. This occurred 13 times, said prosecutor Jeff Lesowski. A probation officer who conducted a pre-sentencing investigation had recommended a prison sentence of less than two years, which the defense asked the judge to impose. Judge Bailey went above the state's recommendation when sentencing Curry. The Multnomah County Sheriff's Office first started their investigation into Curry's actions on July 8, 2014, when someone called into the professional standards unit to report the jail services technician. Curry had claimed that Jang-Li Delgado Galban, a 25-year-old gang member housed in the jail's maximum-security unit, had seduced her . Curry was placed on administrative leave that day, pending a criminal investigation. She had been working in the sheriff's office since October 2004, serving different parts of the jail including booking, inmate units and the control center. An article published in The Oregonian in 2010 said that in December 2009, Delgado-Galban, then 20 years old, allegedly broke into a woman's apartment in Hillsboro and raped her. The suspect later agreed to a plea deal, as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped. In December 2010, Delgado-Galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison, and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release. But according to sheriff's officials, he failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement, which landed him behind bars in the Washington County Jail where he encountered Curry. In the wake of the scandal, the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again.
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope, off the Gabon coast. The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled. Scroll down for video . Rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship, Thunder from Lagos to cover up illegal fishing . Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of Africa . The fishing vessel sank in perfect conditions, leading to suspicions that it had been deliberately scuttled . Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean. The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa. Bob Barker's captain Peter Hammarstedt said: 'It is an incredibly suspicious situation, to say the least. 'When my chief engineer boarded the Thunder in the hours leading up to the sinking, he was able to confirm that there were clear signs that the vessel was intentionally scuttled. 'Usually when a vessel is sinking, the captain will close all hatches so as to maintain buoyancy. However, on the Thunder, the reverse was done - doors and hatches were tied open and the fishhold was opened.' Sea Shepherd said the crew were given food and water and were transferred to Sam Simon. Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal on Monday afternoon. The Thunder's crew of 40 all managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel sunk to the ocean bottom . Members of Sea Shepherd launched rescue boats to rescue the members of crew from the ocean . Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled . Hammarstedt said Thunder's captain, who was not named, complained about being rescued and 'started applauding and cheering' when the vessel sank. He told the Sydney Morning Herald: 'We've been chasing the Thunder for 110 days now, and I think they're basically at the end of their fuel, and they would have had to make a port call . 'I think the captain of the Thunder made the decision that he preferred the physical evidence on board... was better on the ocean bottom than going into port with him.' Thunder, on a list of boats deemed to have engaged in illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing activities by multi-national body the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR), is suspected of illegal fishing for Patagonian toothfish and other rare species in the Antarctic. Toothfish is sold as Chilean sea bass, which is popular in high-end restaurants. It sells primarily in the United States, Europe and Japan, although there is also a growing market in China. Sea Shepherd's vessel Bob Barker, pictured, had been tracking The Thunder for more than 100 days .
Defeated: Napoleon (illustrated) lost at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 . Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a 'triumphalist' way – to avoid upsetting the French. Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'. The invitation to the Waterloo 200 event says: 'The service, although related to a military victory, is not in any way glorifying war, nor must it be seen as triumphalist.' Instead, the service – to be attended by members of the Royal Family and senior political and military figures – will focus on the 'pan-European' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed. Conservative Jacob Rees-Mogg, who is bidding to be re-elected as a Somerset MP, said: 'Waterloo was a triumph of good versus evil. Napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths. 'Two hundred years on, it is ridiculous to spare the blushes of the French by not celebrating the battle for what it was. What next? Will we ask France to apologise for the Battle of Hastings?' The service of commemoration, to take place on the 200th anniversary of Waterloo on June 18, will be the centrepiece of a series of events to mark the battle. Waterloo 200 chairman, Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter, defended the 'no triumphalism' theme. Asked if it looked as though the service was designed to avoid embarrassing the French, he said: 'Some people may read it like that but it's not how we look at it.' He added that the enemy at Waterloo was Napoleon – not France as such. The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle on Europe, not the military campaign or the battle itself. 'What Waterloo brought in was an extended period of peace in Europe after a particularly horrible 20 years of war,' Sir Evelyn said. 'The commemoration looks forward to the European harmony that followed it.' Colin Brown, author of Scum Of The Earth, a new book about Waterloo, said Wellington would not have objected to the non-triumphalist tone. He added: 'The Duke strongly believed in the restoration of the status quo after the battle, including the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France.' The commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle (illustrated) on Europe, organisers said .
A  teenager with a deadly brain tumour has  raised the majority of $80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery. With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on, 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from  Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on hisGoFundMe page. Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. Jackson Byrnes (pictured) is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery . Refusing to accept the dismal diagnosis, his family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After nine days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe, the Casino teenager is just under $4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life. Taking to his Facebook fundraising page - Jackson Byrnes Brain Tumor Surgery Fund - friends of Jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page. Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . Jackson Byrnes is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target . 'Jackson we're not far from achieving the 80k) an admin person on the page wrote. 'We couldn't have done this without the support of you all' they said. According to the Gold Coast Bulletin, Mr Byrnes' girlfriend, Jahnae Jackson, noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI. He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain. Mr Byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was, but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment. A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go . Knowing that this was not enough, Mr Byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure. They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening. The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations. 'Most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them,' Mr Byrne's fundraising page on GoFundMe reads. Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the Casino teenager . The donations have been coming in thick and fast since the GoFundMe page was created . 'It is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life.' In seven days, over $47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times. Victorian finance, leasing and risk management company Morris Finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $2000. '#savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $40,255 with two days to go,' a supporter posted on Twitter . In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery . Rooftech Australia, Summerland Credit Union and Alstonville Quality Meats have also donated generous sums for Mr Byrnes. Messages of support have also flooded social media for the Casino teenager. 'Thoughts and prayers going out to you Jackson, stay strong,' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page. 'Hoping for the best possible outcome for you! Hugs from our family to yours!' wrote another. The Twitter hashtag #savejackson has also been circulating through the Casino and Lismore area.
A former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties, reports NZ Herald. Former immigration minister Hakaoro Hakaoro, who was jailed in January 2014 for working without a license, has been found guilty of another string of complaints . Hakaoro took $3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status. When the visa applications were denied, he dishonestly told them Immigration New Zealand was still considering their visas. Acting on his behalf, Hakaoro's wife later asked one of the siblings to move into their house, engage in sexual relations with Hakaoro and perform household jobs for them, but the woman declined. The tribunal has confirmed the new complaints and will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty. The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints, such as suggesting to a client he impregnate her as a means of getting a work permit . Hakaoro attempted to dismiss the new complaints on account of being unable to defend himself from prison . Hakaoro had previously tried to have the complaints dismissed on account of not being able to defend himself from prison. The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of similar complaints, including suggesting to a client he impregnate her as a means of getting a work permit. In another case he forced a woman who was unlawfully in the country to give massages to his wife.
In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories, the woman dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' has put her younger counterparts to shame. Looking radiant, Daphne Selfe, 86, shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. Daphne said of the collection, in which she appears with 22-year-old Flo Dron: 'The & Other Stories’ collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist, all in lovely colours.' 86-year-old Daphne Selfe has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dunn, 22 . The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. The shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands SS2015 collection. Daphne's career originally began  in 1949 and she once told the Express: 'Modelling was respectable then so my parents were very happy for me to do it and it was fabulous. 'I still think the Fifties was the best time to be a model because the clothes were so lovely. Of course we were much more innocent. 'There was no television, only the radio and we'd never heard of drugs.' At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne, from Baldock, Hertfordshire, was still commanding £1,000 per day for her work. Daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & Other Stories collection alongside the customised shoes . 'That rate is quite rare but it's very nice when it comes and helps the pension,' she said. The model also comes from a time when it was OK to not be super skinny: 'I'm a big-boned person and back in 1950 I was 10st 7lb, although nobody told me to lose weight. 'I didn't do anything to make myself thin but once I had three children I lost weight and now I'm 8st. 'My waist is 28'' so I can sometimes get into a size eight on a shoot but I wear a 10 for comfort. I think it's ridiculous and very sad that some of the models now have become so skeletal.' Flo and Daphne sit side by side as they model almost matching outfits for the two brands . Daphne wears a day time look with lace up vans (left) changing into a red dress for another picture (right) The model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox. She once said: 'I’ve never had anything done to my face. 'Not that poison [botox], not a facelift. I think it’s a waste of money. Anyway, I couldn’t afford it!’ She previously revealed to the MailOnline that she posed nude back in the day for artists such as Barbara Hepworth. The outfits chosen for the campaign look great no matter what age the model is . She revealed that she keeps her grey hair, which is brushed down around her shoulders in the new campaign, long because it is cheaper. She said: 'My hair is long now because it’s cheaper, I don’t have to do anything, but put it in a topknot or a French pleat. 'It avoids that old lady permed look, lengthens the neck and lifts the face. I’ve got so many friends who don’t touch the make-up pot. You should keep looking nice, it makes you feel so much better.’ In modelling shots taken from the earlier part of her career Daphne shows off her effortless grace . Daphne is known for her timeless beauty and has previously admitted to never having had any surgery . Daphne took part in the Dare To Wear campaign in 2014 for the Trafford Center in Manchester . Over the last few years Daphne has landed a number of campaigns with well known brands. In 2013 she was chosen to work for TK Maxx and last year she fronted the Dare To Wear campaign for the Trafford Center in Manchester. Daphne says that she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle: 'My parents gave me good genes and health, and I have always eaten sensibly. 'I was brought up through the war so the phrase "make do and mend" has never done me any harm. I always try to make the best of everything, to stay positive and to have a healthy lifestyle.' Flo looked stunning in a red dress with a matching bag and slip on Vans shoes .
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)We came on a commercial flight to Kathmandu. Blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong. We had to circle the airport for a couple of hours. There were a couple of issues. There was an aftershock this afternoon, so they were checking the runway for damage. Military and aid flights have priority, and a few military planes -- Indian military planes -- were going in, trying to bring in aid. Whether they did is unclear. When we landed at the airport, it was wet and cold. A couple of thousand people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out. But there's no way to get out, really. There were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours, and with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago, no one wants to go inside. The residents of Kathmandu sure don't. You can see some structural damage to buildings. Most buildings are not up to high construction standards. Fallen: Nepal's historic landmarks . Driving through the city, there's not a huge amount of visible damage. There's some damage to houses and buildings, but it's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake (of 2010). We were able to drive the main road to the hotel we're staying at, but they're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks. The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn. People are squeezed in. There are probably about 100 people in there. The tents are covered, but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water, especially around the edges of the tent. So people are outside in the rain with no shelter. It's visually stark, with people in the streets. It's colder than usual this time of year. I'm cold and damp. When it's almost May, it's usually much hotter. There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water. For the residents, it's really bad. Very soon, they will need shelter. Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government. It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned. People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings. Those who survived -- and those who didn't . There are issues with fuel in the city, and driving in, all the stores were shuttered. You occasionally see a cart with food or a few bottles of drinking water, but for the most part, nothing is being sold in the city. I don't think they're very concerned about looting, and there's no military in the streets, but they will have to get water and food in the city soon. Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking. Not by the government -- people set them up on their own. People are beside themselves in shock. Their biggest concern now is the structures, needing a place for shelter, to hide from the elements and sleep. Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days. Kathmandu isn't the epicenter though. No one's sure what it's like at the epicenter. People haven't been able to get to outlying areas. We haven't been able to corroborate this, but the people we're talking to here say there's damage to the villages outside Kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged to the north, closer to the epicenter. CNN's Ingrid Formanek reported from Kathmandu and Mark Morgenstein wrote in Atlanta.
A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub. The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye. The 28-year-old, who is on loan to Everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month. A teenage waitress claims England footballer Aaron Lennon (pictured playing for Everton) grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top . After taking part in Everton's 1-0 win at home against Southampton on April 4, Lennon is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends. Lennon, who has 21 England caps, lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre. That night, the venue, which is popular with Premier League footballers, was packed with hundreds who had come to see singer Trey Songz perform. But later in the evening, the waitress claimed to have been attacked by the player in the VIP section - where booths cost £2,000. She was interviewed by Greater Manchester Police four days later. A source told The Sun's Michael Hamilton and Dean Wilkins that the girl, who is 'very pretty', had worked at the club for just under a year. He added that the footballer and his friends were 'spending a lot of money on drinks'. Police are investigating the alleged incident at Suede nightclub (pictured) in Manchester which is popular with Premier League stars. On the night of April 4, singer Trey Songz (right) performed at the venue . 'She got really upset, left what she was doing and rushed to the toilet,' the source said. 'She came out about an hour later and was annoyed security had not done anything and kicked Lennon out. 'She says he grabbed her and ripped her top and then slapped her.' On April 15, the day before Lennon's 28th birthday, he was interviewed by police officers on suspicion of assault. Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing. A Greater Manchester Police spokesman told MailOnline: 'On Wednesday 8 April 2015, police were called following reports an 18-year old woman had been assaulted at Suede night club, Longworth Street, Manchester city centre on Sunday 5 April 2015. 'A man has been interviewed under caution. No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.' MailOnline has contacted Mr Lennon's agent and club for comment.
A New York City skin clinic's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring. With these claims, the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like 'a Dickens novel', and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client. But that hasn't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location. Scroll down for video . Risky regimen: To get Skin Laundry's popular laser facial, clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner . 'Although rare, potential risks include blistering, crusting, itching, pain, bruising, skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation, burns, infection, scabbing, scarring and swelling,' reads the waiver clients sign on an iPad before beginning their treatments. Then, of course, there are the more fatal risks. Clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes', as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated. Yet despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred. In fact, the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings - and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies for the staff to thank them for doing such a good job. 'You can say I’m hooked,' Josh Hatfield, 27, told the Post, adding that he's been to the clinic about 20 times so far. At $100 a pop, that's some pretty pricey skin 'maintenance', as Mr. Hatfield calls it. For regulars like him, however, Skin Laundry offers bulk-buy packages that are sold at a discount; Mr. Hatfield has a $360-per-month membership that grants him eight treatments. Booming business: The New York location is the sixth for Skin Laundry, which also has clinics in California and Arizona . 'We're the future of facials,' said founder Yen Reis, 36, who gets the treatment two or three times a week herself. This particular facial is a two-step process, which the clinic says provides a deep clean for skin. Clients don protective goggles as a nurse runs a laser over their faces twice. Gel is slathered on the skin, followed by a pulsed light also applied by the nurse. In addition to the slightly troubling legal documents each client is required to sign, the treatment itself is not completely free from unpleasant side effects – including an unpleasant smell which a number of clients noted during their first treatment. 'The laser's cleaning your face. It's deep cleansing,' a nurse explains to blogger Carla Mickelborg in a video Carla took during her treatment. 'So that's what your're smelling.' Clients may not feel the need to worry about suspicious smells and potential health risks however because, despite the necessity of the waiver, there have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far. There have, though, been several claims that the treatment works, and word of mouth has proven a powerful promoter of its benefits. Skin spa: Clients of Skin Laundry's facial lay down while a nurse uses a laser and pulsing light on their skin . Her own biggest fan: Founder Yen Reis, pictured, says she gets her company's signature skin treatment two to three times a week . 'If I hadn’t had [my friend’s] testimonial beforehand, I may have backed out [when I saw the waiver],' said beauty blogger Amber Katz. Jacqueline Caterina, 33, added that she has seen an improvement to her acne scars since starting to regularly visit Skin Therapy: 'After a couple of weeks I was like, "Wow!"' However,  NYC-based plastic surgeon Dr. Norman Rowe told the Post that he questions the effectiveness of the treatments, noting that they aren't very powerful if clients need to go so frequently. Still, Skin Therapy does have a number of regular customers, allowing the company to expand to a total of six locations, with four in California and one in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers. Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond. They bounced back from Thursday's defeat by Queen of the South, with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double. Nicky Clark celebrates after putting Rangers 1-0 up against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Clark in the air as he heads the ball towards goal to give the hosts the lead at Ibrox . Rangers manager Stuart McCall applauds the home fans after the full-time whistle . The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points, albeit the Leith side have the better goal difference. Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week. So it was no real surprise to see him make three changes for the visit of Raith. Goalkeeper Cammy Bell was back between the sticks and Dean Shiels and Robbie Crawford were also added to the side. The Light Blues enjoyed the best possible start to the game when they surged into the lead after just six minutes. Clark found himself in plenty of space to connect with Law's corner and bullet a header home from 10 yards. Law then carved out a chance of his own but his shot from just inside the box was weak and easily held by Kevin Cuthbert. But the goalkeeper had no chance when Gers claimed their second of the day after 27 minutes. Vuckic cut inside from the right before unleashing a powerful drive into the bottom corner to claim his seventh Rangers goal. Haris Vuckic (left) fires the ball home to put Rangers 2-0 ahead against Raith Rovers . Vuckic (left) celebrates his Ibrox goal with team-mate Kenny Miller . Nicky Law slots it home to get the first of his two goals for Rangers on Sunday afternoon . Law (right) wheels away as he celebrates his goal for the home side . Raith could have pulled a goal back moments later but a well-struck free-kick from Ryan Conroy on the edge of the box was blocked by Bell. The visitors fired out another warning to Rangers shortly after the restart. Lewis Vaughan tried his luck with a snap-shot that fell inches past the upright as Raith tried to haul themselves back into the game. At the other end, the hosts passed up a decent chance to all but secure the three points. Vuckic released Crawford and he tried to tee up the shot for Law but he failed to connect in front of goal and the chance was lost. However Law was celebrating when he added his name to the scoresheet after 72 minutes, putting the game beyond Raith. Law's first attempt crashed off the crossbar but the ball fell kindly to his feet and he had the net bulging with the rebound from eight yards. Tom Walsh then saw a terrific volley saved well by the goalkeeper, before Law completed his double when he curled home from the edge of the box with two minutes to go. Law (left) strikes the ball towards goal as he scores Rangers' fourth goal of the afternoon . Law (left) is congratulated by his Rangers team-mates on his Sunday afternoon double . Former Rangers striker Michael Mols was among those in the directors' box at Ibrox on Sunday .
Angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes . Four years ago, a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly, 67. Though still a super-fit events organiser, the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail's pace, hanging onto her trolley for support. It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident. In fact, she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels. Her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high on a daily basis. Most women are well aware that wearing high heels for any length of time can result in sore feet, pinched toes and tight calf muscles. But a worrying new study by researchers in the U.S. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints, wearing away cartilage - the body's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis. Some women need invasive knee replacement surgery. In the study carried out by Stanford University's biomotion team, the knees of healthy women were scanned as they walked at normal pace in flat shoes, 1½ in heels and 3½ in heels. They found that in high heels, women's knees are held in such an awkward, bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints - increasing the risk of osteoarthritis. Physiotherapist and osteopath Tim Allardyce isn't surprised: patients with postural problems caused or exacerbated by heels are common at his Croydon clinic. 'Because of the odd angle at which the feet are held in high-heeled shoes, it increases the downward pressure on the knees by 25 per cent, placing significant stress on the kneecaps, even when you're standing still,' he says. At 5ft 3in, Angela had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels. 'I wore vertiginous stilettos and towering platforms every day of my teens and 20s,' she says. 'And after that, a 3 in heel or more, whenever I wanted to look smart.' Even the first twinge of arthritis, which began in her right knee in her early 30s, couldn't persuade her to kick her heel habit - instead, she gritted her teeth and controlled the pain with anti- inflammatories, until it suddenly worsened four years ago. She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to have a titanium knee replacement . 'I was struggling to get out of bed or in and out of the car,' she says. 'I sometimes had to use crutches to get about and would have to lean heavily on a trolley to get around the supermarket. 'All my lovely high-heeled shoes had to be banished and I started living in trainers. 'My husband Rob and my friends were all very sweet, telling me I looked great in my frumpy, flat shoes and encouraging me to get my knee sorted out - but I felt really down about it. 'If I walked any distance or tried to play badminton, my knee would swell horribly and I'd have to apply ice packs to control the pain. 'Tests showed that I had almost no cartilage left in my knee and it became obvious that I needed to have a titanium knee replacement, which involved major surgery and a lengthy recovery period.' Luckily, Angela's knee surgery at the Royal Bolton Hospital in 2011 was a success. After following the advice of her doctor and physiotherapist to swear off heels altogether, to avoid damaging her new, artificial knee, she is fitter than ever. She has lost 1½ st, is playing badminton several times a week and goes to the gym regularly. 'I miss my heels and envy friends who can still wear them,' she says. The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year . The knee op wasn't her only surgery. 'I had to have a bunion surgically removed from my left foot last year, too, which was caused - or certainly worsened - by years of wearing tight, pointy stilettos. 'I probably would have paid more attention to the fit of my shoes, rather than how fashionable they looked, if I'd known they would force me to go under the knife twice.' Vanity is the obvious reason why Angela is far from the only woman willing to suffer for fashion - there's no question that legs look longer and more elegant in beautiful heels. In a recent survey of 1,200 women, 93 per cent said they felt sexier and more feminine when they wore heels, 88 per cent said they considered themselves more stylish and 77 per cent said their heels made them feel slimmer. With statistics like those, it's no surprise that many women seem to take a dangerously 'no pain, no gain' approach to their footwear, however dire the warnings. Retired teacher Susan Owens, 61, has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels since she was a teenager. 'My husband and I go on a lot of cruises, and recently took up ballroom dancing, which call for lots of dressing up and wearing high-heels for hours on end,' she says. But unbearable knee pain that began in 2010, when she was 55, threatened to curtail her leisure activities altogether. Susan Owens has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels . 'At first, I just put the pain down to ageing and tried to soldier on, but as time went on, over-the-counter painkillers stopped working and the niggling, arthritic pains were keeping me awake at night,' she says. 'Six months after they started, I went to see my doctor and was given steroid injections in my knee. They really helped in the short term, but I still found I couldn't wear heels when we went out or on holiday - it was just too painful. 'I was still teaching young children at the time, but I struggled to kneel down beside them in the classroom. I couldn't drive and as I stopped being so active, I started to pile on weight and suddenly felt old, despondent and frumpy.' Susan had to undergo arthroscopies - keyhole surgery to remove damaged cartilage - on both knees before a right knee replacement by orthopaedic surgeon Shivanand Geeranavar at BMI Edgbaston Hospital improved things. 'Within six weeks of having my knee replaced I was driving again and went on holiday to Italy. 'Within nine weeks, I could ride my bike and go back to ballroom dancing. I still wear heels occasionally - mainly when I'm dancing - but the heels are lower than they used to be.' Of course, arthritis and bunions are not the only problems that can be caused by high heels - squeezing feet into too-tight points can lead to misshapen hammer toes, and regular wearers of 3 in heels may suffer from tendonitis, where the Achilles tendon shrinks and tightens painfully. Tim Allardyce says wearing high heels regularly can also be at the root of a raft of excruciatingly painful back, hip and even neck problems. 'Standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual, healthy alignment, which means muscles and joints throughout the body have to compensate to maintain its centre of gravity and keep the body upright,' he says. Despite being otherwise fit and healthy, former BBC television sports presenter Sally Jones, 60, blames her fondness for heels for the excruciatingly painful lower back problems that plagued her 40s and 50s. At times, the pain was so bad she was unable to drive and was forced to use a stick. 'High heels have always been considered part of a female TV presenter's uniform,' she says. 'Not that I complained - high shoes have always be my preferred choice of footwear when I've got to look smart. The shame is that I can't really wear them any more.' Though her back problems had been triggered by squash and tennis injuries in her 30s, Sally was advised by an orthopaedic consultant and osteopath that her penchant for heels was exacerbating her problems. 'I was told to stick to flats or shoes with a very low heel and to spend as much time barefoot as possible to help correct my posture, which had been thrown out of alignment by wearing heels day in and day out,' she says. Standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual, healthy alignment . 'I was also given exercises to follow to strengthen my abdominals and back muscles, and help correct the poor postural habits I had developed, which were putting strain on my lower back. 'For the past 15 years, I've had to stick to flat footwear and keep up the exercises to keep my back pain at bay. 'I still take heels with me to slip on for TV appearances, but the twinges in my back start if I have to stand in them for more than an hour.' For high-heel lovers not yet suffering painful problems, podiatrist Michael Ratcliffe advises picking shoes carefully. 'If you are after height, wear a comfy platform or a shoe with a heavy block heel -which will give you support - rather than a flimsy stiletto with a thin sole,' he says. And Tim Allardyce says: 'Take a break. If you're wearing a pair of heels over 2 in high, limit the time spent wearing them to two hours maximum. 'After two hours, sit down, take the heels off and walk around barefoot if possible for 30 minutes to allow time for your feet and knees to recover.' Interestingly, consultant knee surgeon Marcus Green, at the BMI Priory Hospital in Birmingham, has even more hope for those who can't bear to part with their favourite footwear - he is not convinced the link between high heels and arthritis in the knees has been proved. 'There's no doubt that high heels change the forces on the knee joint, but none of the long-term studies I've seen suggest they go on to cause serious knee problems,' he says. 'Yes, there is a definite link to issues such as Angela's bunions and Sally's postural problems. 'But when it comes to knees, keeping your weight down and exercising regularly to keep the supportive muscles around the knees fit and strong are, in my opinion, by far the most important steps you can take to prevent or slow down arthritis in the knees.'
Charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event, missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point. Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route. Scroll down for video . Blunder: Charity runners taking part in yesterday's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run (pictured) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . The bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run and today the organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill.' A local authority spokesman said that it was investigating what happened to the marshal who should have directed runners at a turning point. It was reported that some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as 'shambolic'. Hayley James, who is four months pregnant and from Poole, said: 'To have a race of that scale with only one marshal on a point is inexcusable. 'We saw loads of people walking at the end, some were in tears, I felt so sorry for them - I felt like crying at the 10km mark.' Andy Isaac, from Bournemouth, said the event was 'mayhem' with one point where an elderly woman managed to drive onto the route and was flashing her lights at oncoming runners. A map shows where up to 300 runners continued along the coastal path after a marshal who was meant to direct them on to a turn went to the toilet . Reaction: Two people vent their frustration at the Bournemouth Bay Run on Twitter yesterday . It also emerged that water stations ran out of supplies during the race, forcing some runners to drink from half-empty bottles that had been left on the ground as they battled against dehydration. Commenting on the Daily Echo website, one runner said: “We had a bottle of water at the three mile station, but at the six mile point they had totally ran out, so nothing. Jon Weaver, head of resort marketing and events at the council, said: 'Unfortunately there was some confusion with marshalling arrangements at one point, but it was a critical point. We apologise unreservedly to those front runners. 'In 33 years of running... this is the first time this has happened and as part of our debrief we will be analysing the arrangements carefully... to learn for 2016. 'We understand runners have trained for a long time for the event and it's hard for them and we do empathise with how they are feeling.' It was hoped that the event would have raised more than £70,000 for the British Heart Foundation. Some racers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the blunder. Rob Kelly wrote: Really disappointed in the #BournemouthBayRun 10k that ended up 13k very poor show bad marshalling #wontbeback.' AndKim Kelly replied: 'Totally agree and never got to do a 5k as they were 45mins behind schedule :(((.'
It is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. Watch the video here . Look out! An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. Following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . 'On the morning of Friday, April 10, 2015, the chimpanzees of Royal Burgers' Zoo once again proved how intelligent they are,' a spokesman for the zoo said. The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo. Programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above. 'Today, for the second season of the national television program Burgers' Zoo Natuurlijk, film takes were planned with a drone, with which spectacular images of the animals and their habitats could be made from above.' The drone was able to fly around the zoo - before arriving at the chimp enclosure. 'Once the drone arrived at the chimpanzee quarters the intelligent primates immediately discovered the spying little plane and right away armed themselves with long sticks against this inquisitive electronic intruder,' the zaoo revealed. One of the chimpanzees was high up in a tree with a long branch. 'Apparently very calm and satisfied, half asleep in the morning sun, the primate let the drone make its curious images. 'Until..... the drone got just a bit too close. Once grounded, the chimp investigates its prey, taking a selfie in the process - before eventually wandering off. 'Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body. With a direct hit the animal knocked the drone to the ground, where the group of primates quickly overpowered the 'prey'. 'With much enjoyment they very efficiently dismantled the play thing. 'During the entire moment of action the camera kept rolling, so despite the completely destroyed drone this still provided some very special images!' The zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone.
A Missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born. For the first time, Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home. When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family. Scroll down for video . Zella Jackson Price (pictured), 76,  was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, has been reunited with her mother after 49 years. Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents . Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house in Olivette, Missouri . 'I'm so elated. I'm just hugging her and there's such a big family. She didn't know she had so many people here in St. Louis,' she said. Price told Daily Mail Online that when she was still in the hospital ward, she was told by doctors her baby, which was prematurely born, had died. The details she was given were very vague, and she said she was told the baby's twin had died, too, even though she had only had a single-child birth. The hospital had a big maternity ward, she said, adding that she had seen women nursing the wrong babies while she was there. 'There's a lot of information they should have given me,' Price said. 'I still have a lot of questions.' Friends of Gilmore's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her. Her foster parents have since died, but Price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home. 'She ended up in a family of love. They cared for her so much,' Price said. Gilmore, who lost her hearing when she was three years old after a childhood illness, said meeting her biological mother - her father has passed away - is something she's wanted for a long time. Price and Gilmore exchanged many hugs and said they loved one another during their first in-person meeting . 'I'm just so happy... very excited,' she told KTVI. Gilmore's four children knew about their mother's wish and researched a name that Gilmore was given from her adoptive parents. They eventually came across Zella Price. Price received a text message from one of Gilmore's four children at 4am several weeks ago, something she 'will never forget'. 'She texted me a messaged asking if I was her grandmother. I said, "Why do you think that", and she started asking questions and asked if I had given birth on November 25 - which I had,' Price said. The mother and daughter eventually video chatted on Oovoo and the pair did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore's mother. And then they decided to meet in person. On the day she met her mother, Gilmore was also able to meet her biological brother Harvey, who picked her and her own daughter and son up at Lamber-St. Louis International Airport. The family had flown from Oregon. Gilmore also had a chance to meet her biological brother Harvey, who picked Gilmore and her children up from the airport . When the mother and daughter finally came face-to-face, they hugged for several moments and said they loved each other. 'There was a bond that automatically started when we saw each other,' Price said. She added that she has been hurt by the separation and is relieved to have a new start. '(God) has given me everything the devil has taken from me,' Price, an accomplished gospel singer, told KTVI. 'I'm getting it back. I'm getting my baby back.' Price said that Gilmore's kids told her they hadn't ever seen her as happy as she was when she arrived in St. Louis to meet her biological mother. 'She's been dancing and all of her comedy and laughter has come out,' Price said. 'We're all so happy.' The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born. Price has hired an attorney to help with the process. But for now, they celebrate being a family once again. 'There’s nothing greater. There’s nothing greater than this. Nothing,' Price said. Price (center) said that she's looking forward to having a second chance at forming a relationship with her daughter, who she thought had died nearly 50 years ago .
The Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen  after receiving approval from the Saudi-led military coalition, an ICRC spokeswoman said. The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen. On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of 'streams of wounded'. But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading, as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes and hunt for planes prepared to fly to Yemen. Air strikes: It is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen - but so far, the International Red Cross has not been able to gain entry to the Middle Eastern country . Carnage: The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis . People stand on the rubble of houses destroyed by an air strike in Okash village near Sanaa over the weekend . Supporters of the Houthi rebels raise rifles as they shout slogans against the Saudi-led air strikes in Sanaa . Discussions: Pakistan is currently in talks about whether to enter the conflict - but the country's political leaders, like Imran Khan, who leads Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) party,  are urging diplomacy . 'Dialogue for peace': Members of Pakistan's civil society chant slogans against the Saudi-led coalition targeting Shiite rebels in Yemen, during a demonstration, in Lahore . 'We are still working on getting the plane to [the Yemeni capital] Sanaa. It's a bit difficult with the logistics because there are not that many companies or cargo planes willing to fly into a conflict zone,' said Marie Claire Feghali, a Red Cross spokesperson. The ICRC is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into Yemen by plane. It is also trying to get staff by boat from Djibouti to Aden, but fighting has complicated efforts. Earlier today in Riyadh, a spokesman for the Saudi-led coalition said arrangements had been made for at least one Red Cross aid delivery yesterday morning, but the ICRC - which deploys 300 aid workers to the Arab peninsula's poorest country - had pulled out of the arrangement. 'There was a trip fixed for them at nine this morning ... They informed us, after the time was set, of a request to delay the flight,' Brigadier General Ahmed Asseri told reporters yesterday, adding that this was because the company from which they had chartered the plane could not fly to Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition says it has set up a special coordination body for aid deliveries and asked NGOs and governments to work with it to ensure humanitarian aid can be brought into Yemen and foreign nationals can be evacuated safely. The news comes on the same day as war-weary Pakistan began talks to enter the conflict after its staunch Saudi allies issued an urgent request the country join the expanding coalition of Sunni Muslim nations fighting Shiite rebels in the country. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the special session of parliament last week, saying any decision on intervention could only come after proper debate. However, Pakistan's political leaders - including former cricketer Imran Khan, the head of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) party - are calling for diplomacy and a negotiated settlement, saying it does not want to get involved in any conflict that would inflame sectarian tensions. Intervention: Saudi soldiers take their position at Saudi Arabia's border with Yemen earlier today . Running away: Yemenis flee from the international airport neighborhood in the capital Sanaa . Under attack: Smoke and flames rise allegedly from Shiite Huthi rebels camps . Warzone: Yemenis stand beside trucks destroyed by an airstrike carried out by the Saudi-led coalition targeting Houthi rebel positions in Hais district in the western port city of Hodeidah yesterday . Blast: A Yemeni soldier inspects a truck destroyed by the Saudi-led coalition in Hodeidah yesterday . Grief: Yemeni women visit the graves of their relatives of Houthi supporters  killed during recent fighting. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen . This morning Pakistan's parliament begins . debating a Saudi plea for military help in Yemen - a . request that pits Prime Minister Sharif's Saudi . allies against a war-weary Pakistani public. Since Saudi Arabia, the Gulf's main Sunni Muslim power, . asked Sunni-majority Pakistan to join a Saudi-led military . coalition that began conducting air strikes last month against . largely Shi'ite Houthi forces in Yemen, Sharif has hedged his . bets. He has said repeatedly he will defend any threat to Saudi . Arabia's 'territorial integrity' without defining what action . such a threat might provoke. 'They're looking to satisfy Saudi expectations at a minimal . level,' said Arif Rafiq, a Washington-based adjunct scholar with . the Middle East Institute. 'They're unlikely to be part of any . meaningful action inside Yemen. Maybe they will reinforce the . (Saudi) border.' Twelve days of fighting has not only killed hundreds of people, but cut off water and electricity and led UNICEF to warn Yemen is heading towards a humanitarian disaster. For the people trapped between the warring sides, the arrival of the ICRC could not come soon enough. Street fighting and heavy shelling have torn through the streets of In Aden - the last bastion of support for the Saudi-backed Hadi - for days. Sixty people were killed in heavy fighting on Sunday alone, according to reports. Residents claim a foreign warship had shelled Houthi positions on the outskirts, but a spokesman for the coalition in Riyadh said its vessels were helping civilian evacuations, not shelling the Houthis. Nevertheless, food, water and electricity shortages have mounted across the city, where combat has shut ports and cut land routes from the city. 'How are we supposed to live without water and electricity?' pleaded Fatima, a housewife walking through the city streets with her young children. She clutched a yellow plastic jerry can, like dozens of other residents on the streets and in queues seeking water from public wells or mosque faucets after supplies at home dried up. In Dahlea, just north of the city, air strikes hit a local government compound and a military base on its outskirts, which were both taken over by Houthis. Residents said buildings were on fire and reported loud explosions. But militia fighters said coalition planes also dropped supplies - the first time they had done so outside Aden - including mortars, rocket-propelled grenades, rifles, ammunition, telecommunications equipment and night goggles. Residents near al-Anad air base, once home to U.S. military personnel fighting a covert drone war with al Qaeda in Yemen, said dozens of Houthi and allied fighters were withdrawing north after the site was bombed by coalition jets. Meanwhile, at least eight people were killed in an air strike before dawn in the suburbs of the northern city of Saadah, home of the Houthi movement which spread from its mountain stronghold to take over the capital Sanaa six months ago. A Houthi spokesman said the dead included women and children. Local officials said strikes also hit air defence and coastal military units near the Red Sea port of Hodaida, and targets on the outskirts of Aden. They also hit a bridge on the road south to Aden, apparently trying to block the Houthis from sending reinforcements to their fighters in the city. Crater: Yemeni men inspect a hole allegedly made during an airstrike carried out by Saudi jets yesterday . Armed: A Yemeni gunman stands beside trucks destroyed by a Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthi rebels  in the Hais district of the western port city of Hodeidah yesterday . Destroyed: Trucks destroyed by Saudi warplanes are seen near the city of Hodeidah in Yemen yesterday . Prime Minister Sharif owes the Saudis. Endemic tax dodging means Pakistan . needs regular injections of foreign cash to avoid economic . meltdown. Last year, the Saudis gave Pakistan $1.5 billion. Saudi Arabia also sheltered Sharif after he was overthrown in a . 1999 military coup. But joining the Saudi-led coalition could inflame a . sectarian conflict at home where around a fifth of the . population is Shi'ite and attacks on Shi'ites are increasing, . further destabilising the nuclear-armed nation of 180 million . people. Pakistani intervention would probably also anger Shi'ite . power Iran, which shares a long and porous border in a region . roiling with its own separatist insurgency. Pakistan's other . main borders are with arch enemy India and Afghanistan, where . Pakistan troops are already conducting anti-Taliban operations. The Iranian foreign minister will visit Pakistan this week. A US citizen has been killed in a mortar attack in Yemen after he traveled to the country in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them  to California, family say. Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. According to Alazzani, al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter. Alazzani told KPIX al-Labani was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. Family: Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2 1/2-year-old daughter . Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. They have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition of mainly Gulf air forces. Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia launched the air strikes on March 26 in an attempt to turn back the Iran-allied Shi'ite Houthis, who already control Yemen's capital Sanaa, and restore some of Hadi's crumbling authority. The air and sea campaign has targeted Houthi convoys, missiles and weapons stores and cut off any possible outside reinforcements - although the Houthis deny Saudi accusations that they are armed by Tehran.
A self-confessed neo-Nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table. The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south. He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. Scroll down for video . Kicked out: Kenneth Stancil is removed from a Wayne County courtroom in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother . When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder, Stancil burst into expletives, WNCN reported. 'Yes I know that,' Stancil snapped back. 'But when I knew what I had to do and I knew I got caught, I knew in my mind that I could get life or I could get the death penalty. I knew that.' He then repeated his previous claims that he targeted Lane for making sexual advances towards Stancil's 16-year-old brother. He has said Lane did not touch the boy but intended to. 'You defile my top eight, I will kill you,' Stancil told the court on Thursday. 'Know what I'm saying? If you're a f***ing child molester, a f***ing rapist.' When Judge Ronald O. Jones told him to stop using that language, he answered: 'I don't give a f*** what you want'. Jones ordered him to be removed from the courtroom but Stancil was able to flip over a table before deputies pounced on him and hauled him away. When he returned about 30 minutes later, his demeanor was very different, WNCN noted. He told the judge he would like an attorney and one will be appointed to him on Friday. In court: Stancil, who has multiple neo-Nazi tattoos, made his first appearance in the North Carolina courtroom on Thursday after he was transferred from Florida, where he was arrested on Tuesday . Hauled out: Deputies carried the suspect out and he was much calmer when he returned 30 minutes later . Back home: Stancil is seen emerging from a State Bureau of Investigation plane in North Carolina after being extradited from Florida on Thursday . Stancil is pictured arriving at the Wayne County Courthouse ahead of his violent outburst on Thursday . He was flown by authorities from Florida to North Carolina on Thursday after denying an extradition hearing. Stancil allegedly shot Lane, who worked in the college's print shop, at 8am on Monday before fleeing on a motorcycle. When the bike later broke down, he hitchhiked to Daytona Beach where he was picked up for sleeping on the beach, which is in violation of the beach ordinance. In a telephone interview on Wednesday from a Daytona Beach, Florida, jail, Stancil claimed Lane tried to take advantage of his brother, whom he found on Facebook. 'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he told WRAL. He added that he has no regrets about the shooting. 'I did what I did, and I've got to live with it,' he said. 'If I get life, I just get life. I'm a murderer, you know, what the hell do I got to care? I don't give a damn if I go back to society.' Stancil, who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols, said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his fellow white people. Gunned down: Stancil, pictured left in his mug shot, allegedly shot his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ron Lane, pictured right, on Monday morning. He said part of the reason was because Lane was gay . Mourning: Students gather at a memorial at Wayne Community College for Ron Lane on Tuesday . 'I don't believe in race mixing,' he said. He added that he hated gay people 'with a passion' - but said that was only one of the reasons he killed Lane, who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before Stancil was fired for absenteeism. Stancil's mother has previously said that Lane did not molest the teenage boy because they had never met. Lane's cousin, Steven Smith, told WRAL that Lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone he worked with. There were no criminal complaints filed by Stancil family members with either the Wayne County sheriff or Goldsboro police, Wayne County investigations clerk Ellen Grice said. There were also no workplace complaints filed against Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, Wayne Community College human resources director Ina Rawlinson said. Police have said officers are investigating the possibility that the incident was a hate crime.
Arrest: Tabitha Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight . A mother set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old girl, drove her child to meet her and then encouraged them to brawl, according to police. Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in New Port Richey, Florida. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses, Pasco County Sheriff's officials said. She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl, according to an affidavit. She claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter. Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to the area near Moog Street and Colonial Hills Drive and left the car holding a folding knife. 'The 14-year-old victim advised she thought she was going to die when she saw the defendant with the knife,' Detective William Orndorff wrote in his report. Bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight the girl, yelling at her, 'Get on top of her' and 'kick her a**', according to police. 'The defendant's daughter was losing the fight at which time the defendant kicked the 14-year-old female on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair,' the affidavit said. Scene: She allegedly met the girl at this corner in New Port Richey before yelling at her daughter to fight . Her teenage daughter then climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her, according to the report. The fight lasted about a minute, according to the affidavit, and afterwards, two bystanders posted footage of the brawl to social media. When questioned by police, Bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl - saying she may have kicked her own daughter instead, according to the affidavit. Bennett was released from jail Sunday on $10,500 bail. It was unclear Monday whether she had retained an attorney who could be reached for comment.
He may be a warrior in the ring, but Manny Pacquaio showed his humble side outside of it once more with his latest Instagram post. The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history. But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far. Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather . The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone (centre left) for visiting him at the gym . 'Hello to all my fans in New York and thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao,' Pacquaio said via Instagram on Thursday. 'I hope to see you soon. God bless.' The duo are just the latest to show their support for the 'Pac-man' ahead of his fight against Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month. Former two-time NBA MVP and 14-time All-Star Karl Malone is another who appears to be behind the camp of the southpaw boxer. Later on Thursday, Pacquaio took to Instagram again to post a picture with the 51-year-old at his Wild Card gym base in Los Angeles. Pacquiao's trainer, Freddie Roach, believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . Accompanied with the caption: 'Thank you Karl Malone for visiting me today. God Bless you and your family,' the pair are all smiles alongside trainer Freddie Roach. And speaking earlier in the week, Roach believes that his fighter has a better chance of beating Mayweather now than he did in 2010. Asked whether the 2010 or 2015 version of Pacquiao would have a better chance of victory against the unbeaten Mayweather, Roach told boxingscene.com : 'That is an interesting question because there are obviously trade-offs between the two versions of Manny. But I am convinced that the 2015 model is the more formidable fighter for a few reasons. 'Back in 2010, Manny was still growing into a welterweight. His first two welterweight fights were against Oscar De La Hoya in 2008 and Miguel Cotto in 2009 where he only weighed 142 and 144 pounds respectively, and in between he dropped down to 138 to fight Ricky Hatton. 'Floyd has been campaining as a welterweight since 2005 and weighed 150 in his fight against De La Hoya so that might have given Floyd an advantage. I still like Manny's chances in that fight but I think the Manny of today has a lot more in his favour. Pacquiao is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010, according to his trainer Roach . Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he meets Pacquiao next month . 'In 2010 the two-year age difference between the fighters was not significant to either, but that's not true today. Floyd at 38 is doing things he didn't do in the past. Floyd is a defensive genius but he has always depended on his legs to perform and you can see now that his legs do not have the same spring or fluidness of his earlier years. Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300million mega-fight next month but Roach is adamant that Pacquiao is primed to cause an upset. 'The 2015 version of Manny is more mature, smarter and less reckless than the 2010 version,' said Roach. 'He will be treating the ring like a chess board anticipating Floyd's moves - ready to cut him off and attack every time he creates an opening. 'I have all the confidence in the world that Manny is going to knock Floyd out on May 2.' The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .
A 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago. Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. As he was escorted from the courtroom, he screamed: 'You've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death', while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'. Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. Scroll down for video . 'Revenge': Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon (both pictured), 39, because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago. The defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years . Crash: Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, received a nine-month sentence. Above, a newspaper photo of the crash . After more than 40 years of torment, Vuozzo confronted the driver's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, in their home on St Mary's Road, near the town of Montague, CTV News reported. He shot them both in 'execution-style' killings to avenge his sister's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the crash that had claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago. In February, Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon. At the time, he told the court that when Cathy was killed, 'Our lives were ruined'. He added he had needed to do something for her. 'Call me a cold-blooded killer, but I'm not,' he said. Before his sentencing on Monday, Vuozzo said Herbert's 'short' sentence 'has haunted me all my life', saying: 'That's all her life was worth. She only had nine years in this world. And nobody cared.' Shooting: After more than 40 years of torment, Vuozzo confronted the driver's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, in their home near Montague, Prince Edward Island, and shot them. Above, police at the scene . Emergency vehicle: He killed both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . However, Crown lawyer John Diamond told the provincial Supreme Court in Charlottetown that Vuozzo was a 'cold-hearted' murderer who had shot his victims with a handgun to get 'revenge'. 'It was revenge. He was a cold-hearted and calculated individual,' he told the court, CBC reported. Mr Diamond also called the double-murder on August 20 'callous', 'pointless', and the worst crime in the Island's history, adding that it has caused life-long pain for surviving McGuigan family members. In a victim impact statement, Brent's wife and Brendon's mother, Marie McGuigan, who was home at the time but was not targeted by a hell-bent Vuozzo, said 'a part of me died with them that night'. Attack: In February, Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon. He said that when Cathy was killed, 'Our lives were ruined'. Above, the scene of the killings . Meanwhile, Brent's only daughter, Donna, said she has been consumed by hatred. 'I feel so much anger and hatred that it scares me. I hate that they died this way and it haunts me,' she sobbed. At an earlier hearing, Gerald Quinn, prosecuting, explained how Cathy had been fatally thrown from a car being driven by her father when it was struck by Mr McGuigan, who was driving a truck, in 1970. The youngster's father and two other children also received minor injuries in the crash, but Herbert was not injured, The Eastern Graphic reported. Cathy died on the scene near Commercial Road. Mr McGuigan has since passed away. Referring to Brent and Brendon, Quinn said: 'These two men, by all accounts, were good hard-working men, had no involvement whatsoever in the motor vehicle accident years ago, at all. He added: 'This gentlemen [Vuozzo] had no familiarity with them other than knowing who they were. He walked into the home and he shot them both multiple times and killed them.' Thane MacEachern, defending, argued that the defendant had no previous criminal record and had suffered from depression and mental illness prior to the shootings, according to CBC. Vuozzo, of Lower Montague, will be 81 by the time he is eligible for parole. The first 25 years' ineligibility are for his first-degree murder charge, while the other 10 years are for killing Brendon. In 2011, federal legislation was passed allowing courts to impose consecutive periods of parole ineligibility in cases where defendants have been convicted of multiple murders.
Confusion over Ukip’s immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the Tories – would be ‘ludicrous’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country. Ukip’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’. Confusion over Ukip’s immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year . The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ – but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration. Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with spokesman Stephen Woolfe saying the numbers being granted visas limited at 50,000. But at the start of March, Mr Farage overturned this by saying he would not set ‘arbitrary targets’. At the end of the month, the Ukip leader spoke of a net migration limit of ‘about 30,000 people a year’. Charlie Elphicke, the Tory candidate in Dover, said: ‘Ukip’s immigration policy doesn’t just change by the day, it changes by the minute in the space of one interview. It’s complete chaos. ‘The truth is with Nigel Farage, you just don’t know what you’re going to get. The only certainty is that a vote for Ukip lets Ed Miliband limp into Downing Street via the backdoor - and then there will be no action on immigration.’ Interviewed on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme yesterday, Mr Farage said about his party’s cap: ‘It’s below 50,000 a year, all right? It’s below 50,000 a year. Simple as that. The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ – but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration . ‘But this whole debate we’ve been tied up with caps for five years. It’s devalued the debate. What we’re not actually addressing is the fact that 624,000 people settled in Britain last year and that we have no control over the numbers that settle this year or next year. ‘Let’s be honest, we cannot have any debate about immigration about numbers while we’re members of the European Union.’ Later in the day, Suzanne Evans, Ukip’s manifesto chief, said the level of the cap might change. She told the BBC News channel: ‘If we say, we have 21,000 highly skilled people coming from outside of the EU, where there is already a points based system, then we will talk to the businesses, that’s where we get our 50,000 limit from, but that might change every year.’
A rare Bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration. The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback (pictured) sold for almost four times its estimated value . The rare Bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years . More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet. The Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory. But when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer. A strong market and rising prices mean vintage vehicles are increasingly popular as financial investments - and the value of some classic cars rose by 257 per cent between 2005 and 2013, it was recently reported. But when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the anonymous British collector who bought it . Earlier this week, a clapped out 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III went on the market - offering car fanatics the chance to restore the virtually untouched vehicle - with the promise of being worth three times its £220,000 price tag when finished. The R-Type was the second series of post-war Bentley automobiles, replacing the Mark VI. It was considered the epitome of British luxury in the 1950s as well as being the first car to carry the Continental nameplate. It was the fastest production car of the period as it could reach 120mph. But despite its speed capability, the Continental model was produced specifically for the domestic market in continental Europe. And despite vehicles having the same uniform style, each car was unique in detail and unlike almost every car of its time, the Continental had an all-aluminum body. Richard Charlesworth, Bentley's director of royal and VIP relations, described the 1954 Bentley as 'one of the rarest and most iconic cars of its time' as only 218 were made. He also referred to it as 'almost the Bugatti Veyron of its day'. However, this white model is far from fast after spending the past 15 years gathering dust in a barn. When new, the Bentley was the world's fastest four-seat car - capable of 120mph. This was thanks to a 4.9-litre engine which developed almost 180bhp - a large figure for a 61-year-old car. Tony Cavell, director at Barons, said the winning bid was 'an absolutely fantastic result'. He added: 'A 'lost' car always attracts collectors' attention, and when it's such a rare, iconic and valuable machine, that interest can lead to a frenetic bidding battle such as we saw yesterday. 'It will be fascinating to see the 'journey' the Bentley now takes, as its restoration commences.' This virtually-untouched 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III went on the market for £220,000 will be worth three times the price if fully restored .
A militant group which opposes both ISIS and the Syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops, fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade. These men form a small part of Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - who reportedly  command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria. Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011. Strength: Four armoured tanks and thousands of soldiers formed part of a graduation ceremony (pictured) held by Jaysh Al-Islam, a militant group that opposes ISIS and the Syrian regime . Aggressive: The soldiers of the Army of Islam perform a series of military drills (pictured) in what the group describes as the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the start of the Syrian revolution . Powerful: The group, who are allegedly being funded by Saudi Arabia, show of a fleet of armoured tanks (pictured) during the graduation ceremony for its recruits . Elite: Its special forces units (pictured) showed off  an array of acrobatic kicks and close-combat skills in front of their leaders . Discipline: As many as 1,700 soldiers stood to attention as their commander referred to them as the 'leaders of the Mujahidin', which roughly translates as 'those who fight in a Jihad' The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia. The Arab kingdom has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters so they can defeat the Syrian regime and 'increasingly powerful Jihadi organisations', according to the Guardian. Known as the Army of Islam, the insurgent group was created in 2011 when Saudi Arabia allegedly engineered the merger of over 50 rebel factions after growing alarmed at the rise if Al-Qaeda and ISIS in Syria. It is a fierce enemy of both those Islamist groups as well as Jabhat Al-Nusra, but embraces independent rebel forces and 'non-Jihadi' units. Their graduation ceremony for  trainee soldiers in the Ghouta suburb of Damascus was attended by the militants' leadership who watch proudly as their troops march in perfect unison across the expanse. Jaysh Al-Islam is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush who addresses the thousands of armed soldiers and tanks once they have assembled on the vast concrete ground below. Joining forces: Jaysh Al-Islam was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime . Armed: Soldiers rested on the Army of Islam's many tanks (pictured) as their leaders commanded them to 'continue to wage Jihad' Commander: The group is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush (pictured), who is considered one of the most powerful leaders in rebel-held Syria . Fierce: His fighters, who marched in perfect unison in Damascus, are waging a battle against ISIS in Syria and have reportedly attacked their headquarters in the Lebanese city of Arsal . The Salafist leader is considered one of the most power military chiefs in rebel-held Syria and called for the 'cleansing' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus. He says to his soldiers: 'Today, legions of Mujahadin, stand in readiness to raise the banner of Allah, uphold his words, move forward to fight and defend his religion. 'Know paradise is waiting for us since we either achieve victory or die in honour... So take your strength from Allah and wage Jihad in the cause of your Lord. 'We will leave these fields in which we finished our course and preparation and we will continue waging Jihad.' He refers to their enemies, which include Islamic State and Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad's troops, as the 'dirtiest and most despicable enemies of Allah'. In February, Aloush tweeted that his insurgents had ambushed Islamic State's fighters at their headquarters in the Lebanese city of Arsal, according to reports by AL Monitor. Might: Their incredible show of strength in their Damascus stronghold of Ghouta included a fleet of armoured tanks . Deadly: That was followed by a series of choreographed drills from its masked special forces units who - unlike their comrades - dressed entirely in black . Force: The graduation ceremony was held for Jaysh Al-Islam's trainee soldiers who stood to attention as fleets of armoured vehicles drove past . They allegedly 'killed and wounded three and took out the eye of a fourth person' in what was reportedly their first act of aggression outside of Syrian territory. His tweets also indicated the group - which is widely known for its links to Saudi Arabia - was prepared to carry out military attacks outside Syria. AL Monitor claimed his tweets referenced ISIS's expansion in the Ghouta and Qalamoun suburbs of Damascus which it controls. He said the attack in Arsal was retaliation for the bombing Islamic State carried out on its headquarters in the Ghouta suburb.
Since Herman Melville penned his novel Moby Dick more than 150 years ago, scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales. Now, fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. This image shows the right lateral view of the skull of Nanokogia isthmia . Although why this is so remains a mystery. While many whales, dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record, enabling scientists to understand their evolution, there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales, which are capable of navigating the ocean deep underwater. Now an international team of scientists, led by the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County has discovered a new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale, called Nanokogia isthmia, which clarifies key aspects of the evolution of these  animals. The  well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama. The find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans. This is the evolutionary tree of sperm whales showing links between extinct and living species, and when the spermaceti organ changed shape . The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution of the sperm whale. In contrast modern sperm whales (a stock image is shown) are much larger than their extinct relatives . The sperm whale is the largest of the toothed whales and the largest toothed predator. It's only one of three living species in the sperm whale family, along with the pygmy sperm whale and dwarf sperm whale. Mature males reach an average length of 52 ft (16 metres) with their head making up one third of their length. They mostly dine on squid and swim to depths of 7,380 FT (2,250 metres) to hunt for prey. They are the second deepest diving mammal, following only Cuvier's beaked whale. The sperm whale's clicking vocalisation - a form of echolocation and communication - can be as loud as 230 decibels underwater, making it the loudest sound produced by any animal. It has the largest brain of any animal on Earth, more than five times heavier than a human's and can live for more than 60 years. It reveals an unexpected level of complexity in the evolution of the spermaceti, which is an organ located within the head that plays a key role in the generation of sound and in the whale’s capacity for echolocation. The study, published in the journal Plos One, shows that at one time small sperm whales measuring  around seven feet (two metres in length) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size than  modern day relatives. It got downsized at least twice during their evolutionary history, including the evolutionary event that gave origin to the living pygmy and dwarf sperm whales. Lead researcher Dr Jorge Velez-Juarbe said: ‘The new discovery gives us a better understanding of the ancient distribution of these poorly known relatives of the sperm whale. ‘Previously we knew of similarly-aged pygmy and dwarf whales from Baja California and Peru, but this new fossil fills in an important geographic gap in the group’s ancient distribution.’ He added: 'Our study is part of a larger scientific effort aimed at understanding the changes in the marine habitats that resulted from the complete closure of the Isthmus of Panama,' referring to the separation between the eastern Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea that took place sometime within the last 10 million years. The new fossil is known from the well-preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama, shown on this map . The fossils show that at one time small sperm whales measuring  around seven feet (two metres in length) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size. A dorsal view of the fossilised skull is shown .
A mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man. Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying  20st 3lb. However, the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions. Kim Callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight . Kim's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight. Before she slimmed down Kim's wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure-hiding garments, and she was afraid she was losing her femininity. Kim who lives in Ardee, County Louth, Ireland, says she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape. 'I only wore baggy trousers and flappy shirts when I was fat - I was trying to cover up my body because I was embarrassed. I stopped looking like a woman. 'Now I've slimmed down and I feel confident enough to wear dresses again. I feel healthy and very feminine.' Kim married her husband Sean Callaghan, 41, in 1999. After the pair got married they splashed out on a double deep-fat fryer. Kim piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children, as she became heavier she worried that her husband Sean would not see her as the 'sexy' woman he married . Before her weight loss Kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 . The housewife's diet consisted mainly of convenience foods like chicken kiev, deep-fried chicken, potato croquettes and burgers. She said: 'We loved pizza, chips and chicken kievs. The deep fat fryer was my favourite thing in the house.' Soon after Kim gave birth to her children Owen, now 14, and Shannon, 13, and her weight gain accelerated. Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her. The turning point came for Kim when she struggled to keep up with her children she now takes part in regular exercise including cycling around her local area . Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks . 'I tried to take pride in my appearance, but at that size it was impossible to find anything flattering, I ordered all my clothes from catalogues. 'Before long I had a wardrobe which could have been owned by a man. I had a signature cropped hairstyle and honestly looked nothing like a woman. I was worried that the the sexy, curvy bride which Sean had married had disappeared forever.' The turning point came for Kim when she was out with her children on St Patrick's Day in 2011. She had to stop and rest after struggling to keep up. She said: 'I was trying to follow the kids up a hill near our home. I was hot and sweaty and I had to stop to catch my breath. 'My weight was getting in the way of my life with my kids - I knew it was time to change. 'When I got home that night I found a Slimming World leaflet had been posted through my door. I thought it was a sign.' Kim started attending her local Slimming World classes in secret and was initially embarrassed to admit she was trying to lose weight. She said: 'It took all my courage to go to the meetings - I was convinced everyone would judge me. Kim feels far more feminine now that she is not limited to catalogue clothing . 'Three weeks later I'd shed a stone and I celebrated by telling my husband and the kids. They were all very supportive and amazed at what I had done.' In a bid to make a dramatic change she swapped greasy fried foods for healthy meals cooked from scratch. Kim even threw out her double deep-fat-fryer. The devoted slimmer also started running and cycling - and the pounds started to fall off. Soon she had slimmed down to the slinky 9st 10lb she is today and ditched her baggy unflattering clothes for good. She said: 'I love being able to go into shops and have everything fit me. I don't need to order from catalogues any more. 'I feel fantastic and I look great. I have a new life now.' Breakfast: Nothing . Lunch: Fry-up with four slices of buttered bread . Dinner: Chicken Kiev with potato croquettes and chips . Snacks: Crisps . Breakfast: Porridge with berries . Lunch: Scrambled eggs with ham and mushrooms . Dinner: Chicken stir-fry . Snacks: Throughout the day she snacks on yoghurt and fresh fruit .
