Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .   Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence .   Several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal .
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .   Currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .   The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on the sample of money .   Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .   But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .   One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .   The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin .
Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .   19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .   James Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Banfield before being sold on to Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .   Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards in Las Vegas in 2012 .   She has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .   The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ` I am not racist ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament .   The Englishman had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .   Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in 2014 .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .   She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .   Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , heard her daughter 's screams as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .   Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ` extreme violence ' including attacking a frail pensioner
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .   She was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm .   She lost her home but was reunited with her cats and moved to a trailer park in Connecticut .   There she met Dennis Krauss , who had also lost his home in Brooklyn , and they began a relationship .   Ms Diano won the lottery last October after buying a ticket from a gas station .   She decided not to cash it in until April 6 - the day after Easter - as a symbolic sign of a new beginning .
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam .   The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by the Stoke City midfielder 's flailing arm .   Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   On Saturday hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .   The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .
Audrey Alexander claims neighbour 's leylandii hedge has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   She claims it has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house in Stirling , Scotland .   But Stirling Council has ruled that the hedge can stay , although it has to be cut to 20 ft .   It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead .   The 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in the city 's Inchicore suburb .   Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister .
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work in Africa .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year - old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .   She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in London .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike in the 14th minute .   Bobby Zamora doubled QPR 's lead in the 35th minute with a stunning lob of Boaz Myhill 's cross .   Charlie Austin headed QPR into a 2 - 0 lead with a fine header in the second half .   Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .   Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game to seal the win .   Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
Drew Miller was struck by Ottawa 's Mark Stone 's skate during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .   Stone lost his balance while battling for the puck and lifted his skate backwards in an arc , catching Miller just under his visor .   Miller required 50 to 60 stitches to close the gash along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow .
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .   Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in the Premier League .   The 47-year - old has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past .
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site .   These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .   Apple 's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ` normal usage ' is .   Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge .   However , official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long .
World No 3 Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .   The Scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries fiancée Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .
Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .   But when she tried it on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining .   Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .   Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher after she returned the coat .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .   The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent and had contested elections before .   He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .   He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been reinstated to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .   ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said : ` She knows she made a mistake .   She 's owned up to it .   I think she is just really anxious to get back to work ' .   The ESPN reporter was suspended for a week after a video of her tirade against Gina Michelle , a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in Arlington , Virginia , was released on April 6 .   McHenry had left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight and when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting Michelle 's looks
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .   She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought first child home .   Chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast - tracking feature .   The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times .
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .   Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .   Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night .   It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future ' .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .   Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .   Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the money on Friday .   Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles .   Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way as they dashed for the cash .   Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say .   He tweeted about never having seen the films but was still invited on to talk about them .   Claimed they were full of social problems ` rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .   Said the films were anti - women , anti - gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .   BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the programme .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by Miami fashion crowd .   The Latina is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   Her Instagram profile is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars .
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East .   Twitter 's ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts on April 2 .   Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ` large number of reports ' .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power outages a week before raid .   Also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought it was road works .   It has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .   Former bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break - in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered .
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .   Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .   As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the cover .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15 ft of the ground on the pedestrian walkway in Shirley , Solihull .   Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway and told them to turn off their gas supply .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists .   Passengers threw themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .   Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .   A 12-year - old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .
Farm worker caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .   Disgusted member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .   The peaceful transition of power is the first of its kind in history , says Femi Adesina .   He says Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth ; the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
Former Soviet state has gained most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .   Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities .   Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive .
Gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded .   He is then forced to kneel on the floor while surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver .   Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .   Follows a video released by ISIS this week that warns ` America will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .   The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit in Handsworth , Birmingham .   But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .   Mystery surrounds who re - pointed the camera , but Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .   He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , South Carolina , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .   The house was draped in St Patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside .   Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots involved in Yemen air strikes .   He wrote on social media that he was ` pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars ' Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels advancing .   But the raids appeared to have resumed on Wednesday , with fighting taking place in Taez .
Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   Witnesses tried to intervene , but could n't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters .   The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
Paul and Laura Elliott ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon on Sunday .   Couple , from Clapham , London , married at St Katharine Docks in front of 80 guests .   Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and has raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research .   The pair finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .   He followed it in his own vehicle and got in position just in time to take the snap .   The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram , where it has been shared 2.9 million times .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week at the Masters .   The Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .   A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row .
Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15 , 2007 .   The Black Cats were about to take on Villa at the Stadium of Light in the Premier League .   Roy Keane sat his players down in the home changing room before the game .   The Republic of Ireland assistant manager delivered a ` bizarre ' team talk .
Four - poster bed was left in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , in 2010 .   Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , builders dismantled it and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   It was snapped up for £ 2,200 in 2010 by a bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it on the internet .   TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots .   DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .
Tulsa reserve deputy Robert Bates , 73 , says he meant to use his stun gun but fired his handgun instead .   Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the Taser on the nondominant side .   Bates ' attorney says his client is left - handed , but the reserve deputy said his gun was on his right side .   In 2009 , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year - old Oscar Grant .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California on Sunday night .   A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   Bieber missed Drake 's performance , which featured a surprise performance by Madonna .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president of the FA .   Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   They stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up , using a human as their base .   Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia - based company Positive Dog Care .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy .   She has created a video in which she dances and hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and fashion industry .   The teenager says she wanted to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Police say they have no objections to Sunday 's Manchester derby starting at 4 pm .   Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties .   Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after Everton v Liverpool match started at 5.30 pm .   The last time United and City met in a late kick - off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley in 2011 .   34 arrests were made amid scenes some described as ` a free for all ' .
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .   Kamal criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .   The Bangladeshi said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate ' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ` The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .   The former undefeated world super - middleweight and light - heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win .   The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .   Tickets for the bout go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .   Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV .   He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups .   Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .   Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their Premier League clubs .   Tom Cleverley , Jonas Gutierrez and Mikel Arteta could also leave their clubs .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and she gladly accepted .   On their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes '
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   Sandra Shemanski , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida , on Saturday .   Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was killed .   He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in Champions League quarter - final second leg at the Allianz Arena .   Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League on Tuesday night .   The 25-year - old became the highest - scoring German since the tournament began in 1992 .   Muller engaged in a raucous celebration with Bayern supporters after the match .
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .   He was given a seven - year sentence for his role as a ` man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .   News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .
The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .   Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor , on Dartmoor in Devon , in July 2013 to complete the run .   The 35-year - old has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day since then .   Mr Carr is just 24 hours away from completing his epic trip in a record time .   He is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .   He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year amid fanfare .   He has helped refine Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living .   But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set - top box , iPhone and iPad .   Service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- £ 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .   It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .
Huma Abedin , 38 , was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two - year - old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday .   It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle - and Clinton failed to pay a tip .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular in Britain .   In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to Office of National Statistics .   Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter , who was jailed for sex attacks on girls , for name 's fall from grace .   Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned winner of The Voice UK 2015 after beating Lucy O'Byrne in the final .   His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts .   Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley both failed to make a mark on the music industry .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , is a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black hair .   She has been dubbed ` The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' after appearing on the cover of Playboy .   The model recently dyed her hair black to make her look more like the reality star .   Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .   The 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .   It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top - six place .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .   Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood - inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .   FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , is on death row in Bali for smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine .   She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   She said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad along with six other prisoners .
Abby Bishop 's life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala .   The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire .   The inaugural event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for first time .
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down .   But the ` victim ' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by a car in the forest .   East of England ambulance service released a list of 1,248 ` inappropriate ' call outs .   One woman said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway , while a man said his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .   The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match .
The newly - opened Maison Souquet is tucked away behind an unmarked facade , signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning .   The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear .   All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ` stars ' and can be booked out for private use .
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast - bowling prospects in England .   Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run - up and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .   The 26-year - old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ` startle and repel ' and cause electrical discharge .   He pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons at Newcastle Crown Court .   Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia this year .   This is only the second time in 20 years the designer wo n't show at the Sydney event .   The designer says he 's enjoying ` taking a breather ' and focusing on international projects .   Perry is a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model and is looking to work on more TV projects overseas .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .   The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .   Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue .
Manchester City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Raheem Sterling .   Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal at Anfield .   City have also monitored vice - captain Jordan Henderson , who only has a season left .   But Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be a step up for Sterling .   Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Sunday .
Charity Bite - Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup .   Comes after trading standards officers raided The Royal China Club in central London .   Restaurant boasted of selling soup and dish made from ground shark teeth .   loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into UK if it is for personal consumption .   Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup as ` fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388 g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .   Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .   His parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children '
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages in order for him to leave .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .   The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out .   He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day on Yorkshire Television .   Martin Fletcher 's book Fifty - Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire , suggests the fire may not have been an accident .   Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .   The 25-year - old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the program .   After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late .   The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .   Qant as have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £ 28,000 in two - and - a - half year scam .   He invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to property during broadband installation .   But Wheelchair - bound Starrs was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence .   Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' in January this year .   But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC said the sentence was ` unlawful ' and Starrs should have been sent to prison .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .   The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in La Liga so far this season .   Ronaldo will be up against Rayo Vallecano striker Alberto Bueno on Wednesday night .   Juventus beat Fiorentina 3 - 0 in their Coppa Italia semi - final second leg to win 4 - 2 on aggregate .   Edinson Cavani has been offered to AC Milan , according to Italian papers .
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .   Pietersen scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red - ball innings for Surrey since June 2013 .   The controversial batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook 's team were whitewashed 5 - 0 in Australia .   Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen .
Carl Froch has been out of the ring since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .   Froch had hoped to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .   James DeGale is the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return .   Anthony Dirrell 's fight against Andre Dirrell for the IBF world title is the biggest of the three .   Carl Frampton 's hopes of fighting Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , Kazakhstan .   Shows 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing .   Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .   Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .   They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .   The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .   Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
Arsenal beat Reading 2 - 1 in the FA Cup semi - final second leg at Wembley .   Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring before Garath McCleary equalised .   Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time .   Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a return to the Premier League .
England drew 1 - 1 with Italy in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Turin on Tuesday night .   The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for them to stay an extra night 's stay .   The plane landed in Manchester for the side 's northern - based players and staff before moving on to London .   Players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Premier League this weekend .   Andros Townsend , Ryan Mason , Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon .
Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .   A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .   ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media .   Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the ` shortcomings ' of her Healthy , Hunger - Free Kids Act scheme .
The Italian navy retakes control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily .   The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata .   Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester in December last year .   Pair had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play Hull City at Old Trafford .   Torin bought MDMA from website Agora which can not be accessed through regular websites .   He then travelled to Manchester to meet his brother , who was living in London at the time .   Pair bought two bottles of WKD and a packet of chewing gum from a local shop , but alcohol was never consumed .   They were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on Monday .   Coroner Alan Walsh said he was concerned at ease with which the boys bought the drugs .
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics .   Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .   Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes .   But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .   And Kendall 's genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .   The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related .
The new £ 3.7 million ` Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China .   The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   Its viewing area protrudes nearly 90 ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area .   It is more than 16 ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter - final replay on Wednesday night .   Reds legend Robbie Fowler says players must not focus on captain Steven Gerrard .   Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy .   Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to commit his future to the club .
Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook .   The law of service of process is premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .   The ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs .   It involves inserting the EBUS down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube .   An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample .   Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for England 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .   Wayne Rooney is picked in a central role while Daniel Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane simply on the back of experience .   England 's defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot .   Rooney and Welbeck on the basis they have delivered in international football but much will depend on Kane 's second season and the fitness of Sturridge .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .   The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill banning welfare recipients from using their debit cards to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .   Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time .   The proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .   Democratic state Sen. Oletha Faust - Goudeau called it ` ludicrous ' and ` outrageous '
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .   He exclaimed : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' .   While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   In a counter - peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey .   This results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks .
Richard Dysart played cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in ` ` L.A. Law '' Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize - winning ` ` That Championship Season '' He was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .   Dysart 's range of authority - figure parts ran right to the top .
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow - walled passageway along the 1000 ft section .   The whole 37 km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer .   Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam , hot springs and the Hida Mountains .
Louise Shepherd , 31 , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling .   She was hiking through a national park in north - west Bolivia with her sister and a friend .   A tree toppled onto her during a storm and she was killed instantly .   Her grief - stricken parents , Peter and Christine Shepherd , said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
Estate agents offering higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Miliband price ' for same property .   Wealthy buyers demanding a lower ` Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for mansion tax bills .   Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2 m .   Labour leader 's own home in Dartmouth Park , north London , will be hit by levy .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes .   They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated .   Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire , last year .   His father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .   The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in danger of being sucked into the relegation battle .   Newcastle have scored just one goal in their last four Premier League games .   Carver 's side were beaten 1 - 0 by Sunderland in the Tyne / Wear derby last weekend .
Mick McCarthy hails the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players .   Ipswich drew 1 - 1 with Wolves at Molineux in the Championship on Saturday .   Wolves boss Kenny Jackett is still hopeful his side can secure a play - off spot .
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial .   They attempted to capture the beast with the help of the local fire department , to no avail .   The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .   Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   Pictures posted online today show the high - ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor 's palace in the city of Mukalla .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web , published worldwide on August 27 , will be fourth installment in Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .   Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   Publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep novel under wraps , but reveal it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light -LRB- Sunday , 4 pm -RRB- Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line - up after serving a two - match ban .   Wes Brown faces up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .   Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery .   Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich .   She is the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina .   Sofia has taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life .   But she has revealed she has been bullied on the site about her appearance and weight .
The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island .   The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow .   Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   The submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night .   But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the Manchester United striker .   The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the winner in the Champions League quarter - final win .   Real want to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .   United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years .   She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .   The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl .   She had Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .   The condition caused the ` episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she had lost all her emotional memories .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .   But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November with charges only officially dropped yesterday .
A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the White House according to Google Maps .   It was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm , according to the nextweb.com .   Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland .   It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden .
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .   South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a ` ` cyberarmy '' of 6,000 workers .   Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman 's arm just in time after she threatened to jump off the ledge .   Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters prepared a ladder .   She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans - Joachim Watzke he wants to leave .   The 47-year - old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can , according to reports in Germany .   Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League .   Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , are among the clubs on alert .
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .   A three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12 .   McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. .   CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .   Ricardo Cruz said .   Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .   The ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
A 16-year - old student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday morning with a gun and a cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .   Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .   He later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone .
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile .   Firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .   Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile .
Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' The 77-year - old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .   Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley .   The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .   They show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .   Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight .   Some of the Beijing - area attractions featured in these 100-year - old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station .   The 42-year - old man threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .   Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .   The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh - in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Friday .   The winner will unify the WBC -LRB- Mayweather -RRB- and WBO -LRB- Pacquiao -RRB- world welterweight titles .   Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday .   WBC heavyweight champions Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury look set to face each other before he hangs up his gloves .   Carl Froch 's two dream scenarios have been a farewell fight in Las Vegas against Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr or Andrzej Froch .
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top - secret meeting with Democratic Party officials in Council Bluffs , Iowa .   The presidential nominee emerged from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped - parking sign to climb into the vehicle .   Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if Scooby had been left unattended .
Brett Robinson , 33 , is accused of having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician in a maximum security control room known as ` the bubble ' A psychologist 's report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' A judge ruled Wednesday that attorneys for Robinson waited too long to file an insanity defense .   She will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing .   The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   The Thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .   Sea Shepherd 's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .   Instead , the service will focus on the ` pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .   The move was criticised by politicians who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons .   The world - renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C - sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment '
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 for NHS work in 2012/13 .   More than 1,600 pocketed £ 100,000 - £ 200,000 , according to NHS Business Services Authority .   Campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .   Comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on books of NHS practices .
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .   The 18-year - old Casino teenager was told the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be operated on .   His family searched for the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky procedure .   They found a specialist who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by Tuesday evening .   The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations .   After a week of campaigning online , the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go .
QPR face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday in the Premier League .   Chris Ramsey 's side are 19th in the table , four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .   The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis 's 2013 - 14 campaign with Crystal Palace , in which they took 17 points from their final eight games .
Liverpool lost 2 - 1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley last weekend .   Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead the club next season .   The Reds take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday .   Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five - year deal .   Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer .   Mario Balotelli , Kolo Toure , Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert 's futures are in doubt .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .   The 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .   The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .   The tribunal has confirmed the new complaints and will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .   Just under half -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 % of men .   Nearly half of women admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles .   10 % of women surveyed regretted not having more children , compared with only 6 % men .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network .   Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .   Pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds , experts say .
Daphne Selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories .   She has been dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' and has never had surgery .   Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once commanded £ 1,000 per day for her work .
John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents .   The fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency .   Snowden admitted there had been a ` f * * * - up ' with the way in which some of the information about the NSA and GCHQ , Britain 's intelligence agency , had been released .   The 31-year - old stunned the world in June 2013 -- less than a month after the murder of Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists -- when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker .
There 's some structural damage to buildings in Kathmandu , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake .   Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .   People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings .   Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
Nicola Sturgeon is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership - a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .   Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .   The 20-year - old has two years left on his current £ 35,000-a - week deal at the club .   Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £ 100,000 per week from Liverpool .   Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier between Uzbekistan and Bahrain .   Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1 - 0 up .   Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified on away goals .
The 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the alleged incident at Suede nightclub .   She told police that the Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   The 28 - year - old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution .   Police confirmed no arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry 's Light and Laser procedure promises to leave your skin ` glowing ' after just ten minutes .   Clients must sign an eight - page waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   There have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox in the Scottish Championship on Sunday afternoon .   Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic both scored a goal apiece for the hosts .   Law grabbed a double for Stuart McCall 's side as they kept the pressure on Hibernian .   Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points , albeit Hibs have the better goal difference .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $ 100 bills for his mega - fight with Manny Pacquiao .   Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- £ 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .   Mayweather has just spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .   Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .   Carl Froch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .   Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for the former badminton mixed doubles champion .   She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .   The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year .
Bournemouth Bay Run runners were sent on an unscheduled two - mile detour at the weekend .   They continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .   Bournemouth Borough Council has appealed for those affected to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill ' It was hoped that the event would have raised more than £ 70,000 for the British Heart Foundation .
Visitors can walk on the glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .   Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .   The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe .   The Five Fingers viewing platform in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria received its name thanks to its hand - like shape .
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes .   David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva in the first half .   The former Chelsea defender was not fully fit after a hamstring problem .   Suarez scored both of his goals after cheekily nutmegging the Brazilian .
Queens Park Rangers are in the Premier League relegation zone with 28 points .   Chris Ramsey 's side face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester .   QPR lost 1 - 0 to Chelsea at Loftus Road after conceding a late goal against the Blues .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .   Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .   Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .
Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .   Zella Jackson Price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .   But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .   Friends of Gilmore 's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .   Gilmore 's four children knew about their mother 's wish and researched a name that Gilmore was given from her adoptive parents .   They eventually came across Zella Price .   The mother and daughter did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore 's mother .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that ` Spice ' , also known as ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8 .   Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week .   Last year , California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana .
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen .   The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Shi'ite Houthis .   The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .   On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of ` streams of wounded ' But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida .   He is accused of shooting 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .   At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .   When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , he burst into expletives .   When Judge Ronald O. Jones told
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter , 13 , to meet a 14-year - old girl in New Port Richey , Florida and then encouraged her to fight the girl , yelling at her daughter to ` kick her a * * ' The teenager climbed on top of the girl and continued to fight her , according to police .   Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones and posted it on social media .   Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support .   The 36-year - old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 .   Pacquaio also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .   The pair will go head - to - head in a $ 300 m mega - fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .
Barcelona beat PSG 3 - 1 in Champions League quarter final first leg on Wednesday night .   Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie with a first leg win .   Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night .   Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .   He shot them in ` execution - style ' slayings because they were related to driver who killed his sister , Cathy , in a car crash 45 years ago .   Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind wheel , later received nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .   As he was escorted from courtroom , he screamed : ` You ' ve sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' Judge called brutal double - murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' for ` revenge
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back - up in case of war or national emergencies .   At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .   Out of the original eight anchorage sites , only three ; James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas and Suisun Bay , California remain .   Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals .
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   But at the same time he claimed caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit ` might change every year ' .
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .   His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south - west of Caen .   An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .   Alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .   Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for around £ 200,000 at auction .   But it ended up being sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted purple .   It was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years and needs a full restoration .   But when it is ready , it could be worth more than £ 1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
Flight 9W2423 was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members from Varanasi to Khajuraho .   Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at the airport in Madhya Pradesh .   Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737 - 800 via its inflatable evacuation slides .   Jet Airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said there was no fire .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .   But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .   The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East now face having to attend her funeral .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman in 2005 .   The 44-year - old was canvassing on his behalf when she was attacked by the dog in Doncaster .   She said she thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' when they first met at a party .   But he failed to tell her that he was secretly in a relationship with a mutual friend .   He also tried to bore her with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand , she said .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday night .   Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game to secure all three points for the Gunners .   Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the top flight .   Burnley are currently two points from safety and face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jaysh Al - Islam - or Army of Islam - held impressive military parade in Ghouta suburb of Damascus .   Armed with 1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers , they marched in perfect unison .   Dozens of masked special forces units showed off close - range combat and acrobatic kicks .   The group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime and ISIS .   It is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush , who is considered one of the most powerful leaders in rebel - held Syria .   He calls for the ` cleansing ' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus and says paradise is ` waiting '
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .   The 11 cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. .   All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .   The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .   The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .   Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .   The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert .
Video features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a pro - austerity boyband .   Designed to show Establishment parties are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .   Chorus includes lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .   Lose your voting inhibitions .   Join the one true coalition '
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .   The fossil is known from the well - preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .
National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- will call for ` play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds .   It says many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths at age of four .   They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3 lb .   The mother - of - two from Ardee , County Louth , Ireland , feared she was losing her femininity .   Kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight .
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia .   Dr Cajus Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the .   bone not breaking when it was chewed .   The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow - witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month .   The WBA super - middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury .   Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .   Froch would be open to travelling to America to fight the Mexican later this year .
England beat Switzerland 3 - 1 on Thursday afternoon to move closer to European Championship qualification .   The match will be restarted at 9:45 pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .   The Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .   Referee Marija Kurtes wrongly awarded an indirect free - kick to Norway instead of ordering it to be retaken .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter - final second leg .   Fans mobbed the team coach as they arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .   French defender Raphael Varane uploaded a video of the welcome to Twitter .   Real could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi - finals .
