Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  Anuradha Koirala and Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children they care for were forced to evacuate their homes .  Their facilities have been damaged or destroyed .  CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal .
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  Currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  It was then submerged in the substance for three to four days .  After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money .  Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .  But the scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin .  Money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA and food poisoning bacteria .
Porto have received £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  The Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on stars for huge profits .  Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .  Porto have reached the last eight of this year 's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004 .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Las Vegas in 2012 .  She has previously said she has a pair of his underpants she plans to use in strip - tease act .  In teaser from upcoming book , she says she noticed how ' adorably cute his naked a * * was ' Prince Harry was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at the Encore at Wynn hotel .  Kensington Palace has previously dismissed her claims as ' untrue '
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .  She referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ' n * * * * * ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ' Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Another said : ' U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [ sic ] ' Chapin has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case .
Justin Rose finished tied for second at the Masters despite carding a 14-under - par total .  The Englishman was looking to become the first European to win the US Open and Masters .  Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014   .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe .  She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into his car .  Mother Isabelle heard her daughter ’s screams as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais but was unable to do anything .  Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ extreme violence ’ .  But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car and intended to travel to Britain .
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , lost her home when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .  She was almost killed when she was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .  She lost everything but moved to a trailer park in Connecticut where she met her partner .  Dennis Krauss , who lost his home in Brooklyn , also lost his house in the disaster .  The loving couple plan to spend their winnings on a new house together in Connecticut .
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2 - 1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday .  Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after a tussle with Charlie Adam .  The Spaniard was caught in the face by the Stoke midfielder 's flailing arm .  The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left with a bloody nose   .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news   .
The life of a 16-year - old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .  Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  After a week of somber remembrances at the school , classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
A 40 ft high leylandii hedge has been blocking sunlight to neighbours ' gardens for 35 years .  Audrey Alexander claims the hedge has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house .  But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , although it has to be cut to 20 ft .  The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life .  The 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course .  She was jailed in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead .  Tom Nevin shot dead in the couple 's pub , Jack White 's Inn , in Brittas Bay , Co Wicklow , in March 1996 .  Despite her high - profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role .
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work .  The Chelsea striker set up a foundation in his hometown of Abidjan , Ivory Coast .  The 37-year - old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa .  Chelsea 's stars raised £ 400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball earlier this month .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news   .
Catholic Church figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology .  She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in North London .
Eduardo Vargas , Charlie Austin and Bobby Zamora scored for Queens Park Rangers .  Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute .  Youssouff Mulumbu was sent off for QPR in the 84th minute for a foul on Joey Barton .  QPR are now just two points above the relegation zone in the Premier League .
Drew Miller was left with 50 to 60 stitches after Ottawa 's Mark Stone lost his balance and struck him in the face with his skate during the first period of Tuesday 's game .  Though he has a gash across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye , Miller said his vision was largely unaffected .  Miller said he wanted to return for the third period after being stitched up , though the team said he will likely return Thursday .
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager in the Premier League .  The 47-year - old has won two Bundesliga titles and the Champions League .  Manchester City have already indicated they are not interested in appointing Klopp .  Click here for more Arsenal news   .
Fan site AppleInsider spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site .  These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .  Job listings were discovered by Apple and relate to iOS and power software .  This shows Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks .  Apple 's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage .  But official figures suggest its Watch will struggle to last for anywhere near that long .
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  The world No 3 lost in the mens final of the Miami Open to Novak Djokovic on Sunday .  Murray has been restored to No 3 in the new tennis rankings .  The 27-year - old will not hit a ball this week as he prepares for his wedding .
Paula Dunican bought the coat for £ 25 from her local Asda branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she tried it on she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' the lining .  Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Supermarket apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher for the coat   .
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn seat .  The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent for the General Election .  He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things .  He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for one week after towing video went viral .  Footage showed her launching into tirade at Gina Michelle , a single mother - of - three .  She insulted the woman 's looks , intelligence , and social status in the video .  The ESPN reporter had left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she launched the tirade on the towing clerk .  She told her : ' I ’m in the news , sweetheart , I will f*****g sue this place '   .
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .  She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought first child home .  Chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .  The app , available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times .
Michael Pulman , 33 , from Walsall , has spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car in Shanghai .  It has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .  And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .  The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’ .  But it is just a concept and has no release date or planned production date yet .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates running for Philadelphia mayor .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .  Abraham sat out the rest of the debate and was evaluated backstage by a doctor .  After the fall , Abraham joked : ' How 'd you like my opening act ? '    .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the cash on the side of the road .  Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving .  Plastic bag with a ' substantial amount of money ' blew out causing traffic to slow down .  Police have warned that anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted   .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say .  Told producers he had never seen the films but was invited on to talk about them .  Claimed the films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and racial sterotypes ' Added that the only main female ends up in a space bikini ' chained to a horny space slug '   .  Said that Darth Vader listens to rap music and that C-3PO is a ' camp , neurotic coward ' BBC has apologised and said the guest ' presented himself as a 20-year - old who 's never seen Star Wars '   .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by Miami fashion crowd .  Wants to be Cuba 's answer to the reality TV star .  Has huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .  Denies that her curves have been photoshopped   .
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .  Most claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .  Twitter 's ' violations department ' suspended 10,000 pro - ISIS accounts in a single 24-hour period .  It is the largest ever one - off cull of ISIS - affiliated accounts on the social media network .  Twitter representative said the move was prompted in part by ' large number of reports '
Residents on Greville Street near Hatton Garden , London , say they had power cuts a week before raid .  They also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But they thought at the time it was simply a continuation of road works in the street .  It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .  Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the blackened cover .  The building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .  Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident in Shirley , Solihull , West Midlands .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded .  The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the tour boat when it caught fire .  She may have been picked up by another boat going to the beach resort of Phuket   .
Disgusted member of the public snapped the farm worker using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker .  Spokesman said there were no health issues arising from the incident   .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .  Peter Bergen : Nigeria 's poor have been victims of its enormous wealth , and the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .  He says the problem of corruption went hand - in - glove with the rise of terrorism , and Boko Haram is a major problem .  Bergen says the victory of a Muslim candidate does not represent the ability of Islamism to govern .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .  Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of meal out , study finds .  Three - course meal for two with wine comes in at £ 19.60 , and a cup of coffee is 78p .  Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , Britons will find cost of a day out much more expensive .
Gruesome photographs show man being led out of van in handcuffs and blindfolded   .  He is then forced to kneel down while surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver   .  One photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .  The beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama , Syria , for being an ' alleged blasphemer '   .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would conceive .  Glen was made infertile due to testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment .  The couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago and then tried again using the same batch .  Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week   .
A speed camera has been pointed directly at a house in Birmingham , West Midlands .  The bright yellow gatso has not been working for more than two years .  Around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off across the region in March 2013 .  Birmingham City Council say they are aware of the camera and will investigate   .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .  He was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , South Carolina , on March 18 .  Coroner ruled he died of alcohol poisoning , calling it a ' tragic and totally preventable death '   .  Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and a keg was seen on the porch .  The death is still under investigation   .
Billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has promised to give Bentleys to every pilot in Yemen air strikes .  Saudi Arabia launched air strikes a month ago to stop advance of Shiite Houthi rebels .  The Saudis said the bombing raids had been successful and they would stop on Tuesday .  But on Wednesday the raids appeared to have resumed , with fighting taking place in Taez   .
Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .  They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads   .  The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks .
Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day .  They ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon together .  Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .  Couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .  He followed it in his own vehicle , getting in position just in time to take the perfect snap .  Image has now been shared almost 2.9million times on image sharing website imgur .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .  Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket in Augusta   .  The 25-year - old was caddied by One Direction 's Niall Horan on Wednesday   .
Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15 , 2007 .  Roy Keane delivered a controversial team talk before the game at the Stadium of Light .  The Republic of Ireland assistant manager told his players to ' try and enjoy the game '   .  The former Black Cats defender has described the speech as ' bizarre ' in his new autobiography .  Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill 's backroom staff at Aston Villa .
Four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester in 2010 .  Unaware of its true value , builders dismantled the piece of furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  It was snapped up for £ 2,200 in 2010 by a bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it online .  TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots .  DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .
A reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma , accidentally shot and killed a man .  He said he meant to use his Taser but drew his handgun instead .  Experts say the gun should be holstered on the dominant side of the officer 's body .  In a 2009 case , a police officer in Oakland , California , drew his gun instead of a Taser and shot a man , killing him .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California on Sunday .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  Bieber missed Drake 's performance , which featured a surprise kiss from Madonna .
Sir Philip Carter died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president .  Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .  Roberto Martinez : ' This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian '
Ace and Holly the border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Using a human as their base , the pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The brief clip shows their owner and trainer Dai Aoki lying on the ground with Ace on his lap .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy .  The teenager has created several dancing videos in which she challenges stereotypes about people with disabilities .  Dayna says she has been bullied because of her disability and wants people to see her as just one of the many   .
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford in the late afternoon on Sunday .  Police say they have no objections to the 4 pm kick - off time .  Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says it is down to good behaviour from fans .  Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge in February after Everton v Liverpool started at 5.30pm .  The last time United and City met in a late afternoon was in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley in 2011   .
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .  Kamal said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ' unfortunate '   .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ' The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The undefeated boxer faces more pressure than his opponent , says Joe Calzaghe .  The Welshman retired undefeated with 46 wins and zero defeats in his professional career .  The bout is expected to be worth at least $ 180million and $ 120 m to both fighters   .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads had been hit by new safety rules .  Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .  HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught .  Learned form reading recipe books or watching   television shows .  He has four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven   .
Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .  Glen Johnson looks set to leave Liverpool after six years at the club .  Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , could prove a useful replacement for Lukasz Fabianski .  Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the World Cup team of the tournament .  Mikel Arteta has not played for Arsenal since November due to injury .  Jonas Gutierrez is a cancer survivor and Newcastle want to sign him .
Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , but when someone else invited him , she accepted and did everything she could to make sure he had a fantastic night .  On their big night , they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' Real friends do n't count chromosomes '   .  Since the photo was shared on Facebook on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked it .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .  Police say he came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  Neighbors believe the stress of the divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in Champions League quarter - final second leg on Tuesday .  Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the competition with 27 goals .  The 25-year - old scored the fourth goal of the game for Bayern at the Allianz Arena .  The Germany international used a megaphone to stir up the supporters after the match .  Muller climbed the fence to lead the Bayern squad in celebrations with fans .
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .  He was sentenced to seven years in prison for his role as a ' man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy .  But today it emerged his case was dropped and his European Arrest Warrant withdrawn .  Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink .  To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
Sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Leaflet threatens both buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .  Comes after one militant compared the brand 's famous ' tick ' logo to a Christian cross .  His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued it was fine to wear Nike because they are ' comfy and good quality '
The 60-year - old Oscar - nominated actress turned down the role of Carmela because she had already played a mobster 's wife in the 1990 Martin Scorsese film Goodfellas .  She accused show creator David Chase of lazy casting and asked to play Dr. Melfi instead .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and is due to complete trip tomorrow .  The 35-year - old has completed one and a quarter marathons a day for the past 19 months .  Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries , across Europe , Australia , New Zealand and North and South America .  He has worn out 16 pairs of shoes and covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps in 621 days .  The barman is just 24 hours away from completing his epic journey in a record time   .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year and has helped refine Miliband 's message .  But he has revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary .  Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone .
Service is available in the US for $ 14.99 ( £ 9.90 ) a month and includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City .  Users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix .  It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms .
Huma Abedin , 38 , enjoyed lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan at Tortaria in New York on Saturday .  It is the second time this week she has enjoyed a Mexican meal in a fast food joint .  She and Hillary Clinton came under fire for eating at a Chipotle in Iowa but left no tip .  This time , with her boss out of sight , she opted for a more upmarket eatery next door .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 and is now heading for extinction .  Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name 's declining popularity .  Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , beating Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident Stevie could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .  Previous winners Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley have failed to break through in the charts .  Leanne 's debut single failed to rank higher than number 45 , and her album did n't even make the top 100 .  Andrea 's album did make it to number seven in the album charts , but that 's not the same as X Factor success .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , has a BA degree in creative writing and classics .  Now works as a professional life coach and author .  Dyeed her hair black to look more like reality star Kim Kardashian .  Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches .  Alexandra has appeared on numerous magazine covers in her native Romania   .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain .  Turkish forward 's actions came back to haunt him as his side lost 3 - 2 at home to rivals Dundee .  Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead in the 14th minute before Nadir levelled from the penalty spot .  Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan scored in the second half to seal victory for the Dark Blues .  It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years   .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .  Highlights included couture masterpieces from highlight shows Romance Was Born , Toni Maticevski and Steven Khalil ... and Johanna Johnson 's Hollywood - inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .  Big is better - silhouettes went super - sized at many of the highlight shows .  Skin is definitely in - flimsy , sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk , with breasts , backsides and everything else on display beneath see - through mesh and lace designs .  Make - up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow the designs ... while some were downright bizarre .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham fears she will be next to face firing squad in Bali .  She has been on death row since being convicted of smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine in 2012 .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .  Grandmother said : ' Their senseless , brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place '   .
Abby Bishop 's life changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .  The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants .  Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for the first time .  Prior 's team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Team Sky .  The former England wicketkeeper is a long - time cycling fan .
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller said ' someone ' had been run down by a car .  But the ' victim ' turned out to be a squirrel and crews returned to base moments later .  Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ' bleeding ' in Basildon , Essex .  Another woman said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway in Chelmsford   .  East of England ambulance service reveals 1,248 ' inappropriate ' call outs in last two years .  Front - line crews attended half of them , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  The Wigan Warriors forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .  Flower came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match against Warrington .
Newly - opened Maison Souquet takes inspiration from the Maisons Closes , the turn - of - the - century pleasure houses frequented by socialites and aesthetes .  The property is hidden behind an unmarked facade , signalled only by two red lanterns and a canopy .  All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour by England selectors .  The Middlesex bowler says he 's been working on his run - up and watching old clips .  Finn became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets at the age of 21 .  The 26-year - old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job as IT project manager .  But he was stopped at the airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .  Stun gun was capable of giving off electrical discharge causing victim to ' startle and repel ' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .  Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court : ' What he did was foolish '
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year 's Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia .  This is only the second time in 20 years the designer has not shown at the Sydney event .  The designer says he is enjoying ' taking a breather ' and focusing on his international projects .  Perry says he will miss the excitement of running his own show but looks forward to supporting his favourite designers on the front row this week .
Performers at Westfield High School in Indiana were dancing on - stage for the finale of the musical American Pie on Thursday night when the platform beneath them collapsed , sending students plummeting 10 feet into the orchestra pit below .  One of the students suffered critical head trauma but is now recovering .  The tragedy evoked memories of a stage collapse at an Indiana high school in 2011 that killed seven and injured nearly 100 fans when the roof of the stage collapsed during a performance .
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up for Raheem Sterling .  City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for the Liverpool youngster .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Rodgers says it could take two decades for City to reach the status of Liverpool or Manchester United .  Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Sunday   .
Charity Bite - Back says one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup in the UK .  loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption .  One kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £ 180 through wholesale markets .  More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths .
The Easter Feast is served at Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  Breakfast has 388 g of sugar - the equivalent of 97 teaspoons - in half an Easter egg .  Two types of cereal , Creme Egg , Mini Eggs , brownie and home - made brownie are added .  It is then topped off with three types of flavoured milk and salted caramel sauce   .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals .  It is the result of a five - year investigation into the American search giant .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  EU is also expected to probe Google 's operating system for Android smartphones .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  The teaching assistant fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .  His parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children '
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages to get rid of him .  The striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .  The 31-year - old Togolese has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .  Click here for Tottenham transfer news   .
Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium was destroyed in a tragic fire 30 years ago .  56 people died and 265 were injured in the blaze on May 11 , 1985 .  John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City at the time .  Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the fire was started deliberately   .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote Circular Soccer .  The World No 1 beat the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown in the first Circular soccer Showdown of 2015 .  The new football game is based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .  McIlory was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta .  The 25-year - old finished fourth after a slow start to finish an impressive fourth   .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .  After Fallon told Christie he ' looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ' If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .  Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election , but made it clear that he will not be changing himself just to win office .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing strips after they continually arrived late .  The airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  The Australian airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .  Air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai are to blame for the late arrivals .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £ 28,000 over two - and - a - half years .  He invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to property in expenses scam .  But Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ' act of mercy ' in January this year .  He gave Starrs a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years and ordered him to pay a fine .  But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ' unlawful ' and added Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year - old has now scored 36 La Liga goals for Real Madrid this season .  Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season .  Messi has scored in 50 consecutive weeks in Spain - dating back to January 2014 .
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since he was sacked 14 months ago .  The batsman scored 170 for Surrey in his first red ball innings since June 2013 .  Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .  Former England star says Alastair Cook is so important to England despite poor showing in the first Test against West Indies .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. He had hoped to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  James DeGale is now the most likely opponent for Froch on his return to the ring .  Froch could also face Gennady Golovkin , Anthony Dirrell or Bernard Hopkins .  Carl Frampton - Scott Quigg is dead in the water after his team failed to make an offer to the Northern Irishman .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , Kazakhstan .  Shows 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing .  Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  It has prompted all manner of bizarre explanations for the mysterious phenomenon .  Many are convinced it is definitive proof of extra - terrestrial life .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .  They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .  Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor so far this year .
Arsenal beat Reading 2 - 1 after extra - time in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  The Gunners took an early lead through Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez goals .  Reading equalised through Garath McCleary 's deflected volley in the second - half .  But a goalkeeping error from Adam Federici allowed Arsenal to win in extra time .  Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire his return to the Premier League .
England drew 1 - 1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Andros Townsend equalised with 11 minutes to play after Graziano Pelle had opened the scoring .  Roy Hodgson 's side had originally been set to leave Turin immediately after the game .  But a technical issue with their plane meant they had to stay in Turin an extra night .  England 's plane landed in Manchester to allow northern - based players and staff to disembark .
Virginia ’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . '  Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' said Portsmouth 's Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff .  Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the ' shortcomings ' of her Healthy , Hunger - Free Kids Act scheme   .  Students and parents posted photos of Michelle Obama'tmeasly ' school lunches in February and in October of last year .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata .  It was carrying seven fisherman , including three Sicilians and four Tunisians .  The captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy .  Astrophysics students bought the drug from an anonymous dealer via the ' dark web ' Torin bought MDMA via website Agora which can not be accessed through regular websites .  The brothers were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton .  They had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .  Coroner Alan Walsh said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the drugs   .
Kendall and Baylee 's skin contrast is possible because they are non - identical .  Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .  Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes .  But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .  And Kendall ’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .
The new ' Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China .  The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .  Its viewing area protrudes nearly 90 ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - more than 16 ft longer than the Grand Canyon .
Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter - final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night .  Steven Gerrard will miss the game because of a three - match suspension .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard .  Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy in the MLS .  Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game , says Fowler .
A New York judge authorized service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  David Wheeler : If you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .  He says " traditional " does n't necessarily mean " good " when it comes to serving papers .  Wheeler : Service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( EBUS ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  It is being used by doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust .  It allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient ’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
England face Italy in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday .  Roy Hodgson 's side are top of Group D ahead of the clash with the Azzurri .  Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit   .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  Clarkson ’s spokesman was unavailable for comment .
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill into law that would make it illegal for welfare recipients to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .  Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks would also be banned .  Recipients would be limited to $ 25 in cash per day and could no longer use debit cards to pay for rent or bail themselves out of jail .  Brownback has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program , known as TANF , since he became governor in 2011 .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .  He exclaimed : ‘ The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’ .  While the instance is extremely rare , it ’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .  In a counter - peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey .  This results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks .
Richard Dysart played the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama " L.A. Law " Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize - winning " That Championship Season " He limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm " Day One " and in the ABC miniseries " War and Remembrance " He was Henry L. Stimson , the 33rd U.S. president 's Secretary of War , in the 1995 HBO telefilm ' Truman '
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow - walled passageway along the 1000 ft section .  The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year .  An estimated 910,000 flocked to the frozen passage last year - with the number predicted to rise this year with the opening of the Shinkansen line .
Louise Shepherd , 31 , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ' gap year ' off work to go travelling .  She was hiking with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones , both 30 .  They were in the Madidi national park in north - west Bolivia when a tree fell on her .  Friends and family have paid tribute to the graduate who was ' having the time of her life '
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2 m to raise money for NHS .  Estate agents offering higher ' Cameron price ' and lower ' Miliband price ' for same property .  Labour government could see people 's mortgage bills soar by £ 1,000 a year , George Osborne claims .  Chancellor warns of ' clear and present danger ' of rising interest rates .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was forced to live in a tent after he was evicted from his home last year .  Was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister found his blackened toes   .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated   .  Came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire .
John Carver says Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday .  The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger .  Carver has called a training ground showdown meeting with his players this week .  Newcastle travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday   .
Mick McCarthy hails ' belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ' horrible bunch ' of Ipswich players .  Ipswich drew 1 - 1 with rivals Wolves at Molineux on Saturday in the Championship .  Wolves came from behind through Benik Afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute .  Tommy Smith 's own goal and a Richard Stearman own goal gave Ipswich a first - half lead   .
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial .  The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .  It is suspected that the Australian animal was damaged after the severe storm ' Niklas ' battered through Europe .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) He was jailed by Yemeni officials before he was freed by terrorists two days ago .  Pictures posted online show him posing with an AK-47 in the governor 's palace in Mukalla .  He was freed along with 300 other inmates as terrorists stormed the prison he was in .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web will be published worldwide on August 27 .  Fourth installment in Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .  Written by David Lagercrantz based on plot outline left by Larsson before he died in 2004 .  He said : ' If you write about Lisbeth Salander its easy to get a little paranoid '
Lee Cattermole will return to the Sunderland starting line - up for the Wear - Tyne derby .  Defender Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .  Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery .  Newcastle have conceded nine goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season .  Black Cats have won four successive derbies against Newcastle for the first time in history   .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of Chelsea FC owner Roman and his second wife Irina .  Has been receiving a lot of criticism on Instagram about her appearance and weight .  Has hit back saying she is going to turn the negative comments into positivity .  Sofia is Roman 's daughter from his second marriage to Irina who had five children   .
South Korea 's President Park Geun - hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry " as soon as possible " The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students on their way to a field trip to Jeju island .  The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow .  The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 in the Champions League quarter - final on Wednesday .  Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life to send Real through to the semi - finals .  But Real are unlikely to take up their option to buy the Manchester United striker .  Hernandez has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football this season .  Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them .  Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight   .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .  She had Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick and the internet was a mystery .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and he was released last November .  His murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday and he has been released from jail .  Hanline said : ' All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with my wife '   .
A business called Edward ’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House on Google Maps .  The business was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm a night .  Several reviews appeared underneath the listing describing it as a ' great source of classified information ' It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his leaks .  But security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing to show Google Maps flaw .
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .  South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a " cyberarmy " of 6,000 workers .  Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Video filmed by a passer - by shows the young woman dangling off the edge of a 10-storey ledge .  Police had failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment .  Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down .  Video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away .  She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans - Joachim Watzke he wants to leave .  The 47-year - old believes he has taken Dortmund as far as he can , according to reports in Germany .  Bild report that former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over .  The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm .
McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .  Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his .  wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .  McDonnell argues that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to ' official acts ' covered by federal bribery law .  Prosecutors argue McDonnell 's behavior was a better fit with bribery laws than that of convicted former congressman William Jefferson , who his $ 100,000 of his bribe cash in his freezer .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .  Ricardo Cruz said .  Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  The ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday , knocked the armed student to the ground and pinned him down until authorities arrived .  No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at the school .  The 16-year - old , who only transferred to the school a month ago , told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone   .
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in profile .  Tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can go to the app to see the full library .  Firm also improved its mutual friends feature - and added more interests to profile .
Ian Brady , 77 , wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley .  The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .  Brady , who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around , expressed no remorse for killings .  He wrote : ' I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib - Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote , and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland .  I hope the IRA is reactivated , as promised for a united Ireland .  I know nothing of any EU decisions on UK
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty .  The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day Beijing , which is visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .
A man deliberately drove his Ford Falcon ute into the front doors of a Northern Territory police station .  The 42-year - old allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .  The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh - in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Friday .  The pair will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs .  The winner will unify the WBC ( Mayweather ) and WBO ( Pacquiao ) world welterweight titles .  Wladimir Klitschko looks set to face Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury before he hangs up his gloves   .
Clinton was in a secret meeting with state Democratic Party officials in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday .  Secret Service agents parked the van in a handicapped parking spot and left it there from beginning to end .  The presidential nominee has round - the - clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of former U.S. president , Bill Clinton .
Brett Robinson , 33 , faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' However at a motion hearing , Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it .  The judge said the defense filing it on April 10 was ' untimely ' and that he didn
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship suspected of illegal fishing   .  The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by Sea Shepherd charity for 110 days .  The ship 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .  The crew were given food and water and were transferred to Sam Simon   .  Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal   .
Guests attending Waterloo 200 service told not to act in a ' triumphalist ' way to avoid upsetting French .  Invitations to service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying victory over Napoleon .  Instead , it will focus on the ' pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  Politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ' The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment which is widespread in Australia .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 - a total of 177 received more than £ 200,000 .  Campaigners said the payments were ‘ scandalous ’ and ‘ unacceptable ’ .  It comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices   .
A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for life - saving surgery .  Jackson Byrnes , 18 , has less than a day to go before he is due to be operated on .  The Casino teenager is just under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .  In nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the Casino teenager 's surgery   .
QPR face West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  Chris Ramsey 's side are 19th in the Premier League , four points adrift of the relegation zone .  The QPR boss says that Tony Pulis is ' one of the best coaches in Britain '   .  But Ramsey insists that he wo n't be asking for any tactical advice from Pulis   .
Liverpool lost 2 - 1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Saturday .  Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .  The Liverpool boss said : ' I do n't think there is anyone better '   .  The Reds take on West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday at the Hawthorns .  Jordan Henderson signed a new five - year contract at Liverpool on Thursday .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  He has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The 55-year - old attempted to have the complaints dismissed on account of not being able to defend himself from prison .  The tribunal will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
47 % of women aged over 55 regret their career choices , compared to 40 % of men .  Nearly half of women ( 47 % ) admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness .  One in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  Pieces from the meteorite , which came from asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , are thought to have crashed to Earth and could be worth thousands of pounds , experts say .
Daphne , 86 , models for Vans and & Other Stories with 22-year - old Flo Dron .  Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she was still commanding £ 1,000 a day in 2011 .  She has never had any surgery and shies away from botox   .
Fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘ evaluating ’ the files stolen from GCHQ and NSA .  Said there had been a ‘ f***-up ’ when newspapers failed to redact sensitive details .  Terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations .  They warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details .
Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .  People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings .  There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water and no fuel .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
Raheem Sterling has put off contract talks with Liverpool over a new deal until the summer .  The 20-year - old has two years left on his current £ 35,000-a - week deal at Liverpool .  Sterling scored for England in their 4 - 0 win over Lithuania at Wembley on Friday night .  Liverpool face Arsenal in their Premier League clash at the Emirates on Saturday .
Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free - kick instead .  FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier in Bahrain vs Uzbekistan .  Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1 - 0 up .  Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama .
Aaron Lennon went to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends to watch singer Trey Songz .  The 28-year - old later went to VIP section where booths cost £ 2,000 to sit in the VIP section .  Waitress claims he grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in VIP suite .  She fled to toilet in tears and told police he had left her with a bruise below her eye   .  The Tottenham winger , who is on loan at Everton , was interviewed under caution   .  Police confirmed no arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing   .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry 's Light and Laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion .  Clients must sign an eight - page waiver that includes a list of potential side effects , including blistering , crusting , itching , pain , bruising , skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation , burns , infection , scabbing , scarring and swelling .  They must also grant permission for their organs to be donated   .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox in the Scottish Championship on Sunday .  Nicky Clark , Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law all scored for the hosts .  Stuart McCall 's side remain level on 61 points with Hibernian at the top of the table .  Rangers bounced back from their defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday .
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the richest fight of all time .  Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £ 67.48 ) to watch the fight .  Mayweather has spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .  Carl Froch 's dreams of fighting in England have been dashed .
Angela Kelly , 67 , had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .  At 5 ft 3 in , Angela had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels .  The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of   shoes a year .
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run at the weekend .  300 runners continued past unmanned marshal point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .  They should have been directed at a junction point but were sent on two - mile detour .  It was reported that some runners were ' in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ' shambolic '
Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .  Located in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its name thanks to its hand - like shape .  Visitors must hike more than two miles to access the square formation of rock which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .  Victoria Peak in Hong Kong is the highest skyscrapers on Hong Kong Island and is accessible by a tram system .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes in Champions League on Wednesday .  Luis Suarez scored a double as PSG defender David Luiz was brought back from injury .  The former Chelsea man replaced countryman Thiago Silva after 21 minutes .  Both of the Uruguayans goals came after Suarez cheekily nutmegged the Brazilian .  Internet jokers had a field day with Luiz the butt of many jokes   .
QPR are currently in the Premier League relegation zone with 28 points .  Chris Ramsey 's side face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester .  QPR lost 1 - 0 to Chelsea in their last game after conceding a late goal .  Ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive concentration to stay up .
Craft was supposed to be capturing footage of Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  After attack , drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo   .
For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in - person at Price 's Olivette home in Missouri .  When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .  Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents .  The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born .
Spice , also known as ' K2 ' or ' Mojo ' , is a synthetic marijuana product sold over - the - counter as potpourri .  New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .  Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week .  Last year , California teen Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana .  Two Mississippi brothers , Jeff and Joey Stallings , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana .
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen .  Saudi - led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Houthis .  The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space , according to the UN .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people .  But the Red Cross has pulled out of plans to deliver aid to Yemen yesterday morning .  It is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into the country by plane today .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , allegedly shot dead 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College in North Carolina on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  On Thursday , he was removed from a North Carolina courtroom after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table when he was reminded that he could face the death penalty for the murder of his former boss .  He claimed he shot Lane because he was a ' child molester ' who was trying to molest his brother .  He has said Lane did not touch the boy but intended to .
Tabitha Anne Bennett ' sent a Facebook message to the 14-year - old girl and told her she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl in New Port Richey , Florida on April 12 ' She ' drove to the scene with her daughter and left the car holding a knife ' She allegedly encouraged her daughter , yelling at her , ' Get on top of her ' and ' kick her a * * ' The fight lasted about a minute and was recorded by two bystanders who posted it on social media .  Bennett , who is unemployed , has been charged with child abuse .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of Floyd Mayweather bout .  The 36-year - old also thanks NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .  The pair will go head - to - head in a $ 300million mega - fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he fights .  Click here for all the latest boxing news   .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 in Champions League quarter final first leg .  Luis Suarez scored twice to put Barca firmly in control of the tie .  The striker says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  Suarez has now scored 11 goals in his last 11 games for Barcelona this season   .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , last August .  He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  As he was escorted from courtroom , he screamed : ' You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' Judge called brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance '   .  Vuollozzo 's sister , Cathy , 9 , was killed by driver in car crash when he was two years old in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received nine - month sentence
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back - up in case of war or national emergencies .  At its peak in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored   .
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  Ukip ’s manifesto chief later added to confusion by saying the limit ‘ might change every year ’ .  Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘ making up his policies as he goes along ’   .
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in hamlet of Pierres , south - west of Caen .  An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Alleged killer was living rough in area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted man over stolen vegetables .
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £ 200,000 at auction .  But it sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house - after gathering dust for 15 years .  It was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted purple .  Anonymous British car collector faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory .  But when it is ready , it could be worth more than £ 1million - and a good investment .
Boeing 737 - 800 tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway in Khajuraho .  Crew ordered evacuation and passengers slid down plane 's inflatable slides to safety .  Jet Airways described it as ' a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body .  The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East were flying in from all over the world to be at Stephanie 's big day   .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year - old was campaigning on his behalf in Doncaster in 2005 when she was attacked .  She said she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' when they first met at a party .  But he failed to tell her that he was secretly in a relationship with the woman who invited them to dinner .  The Labour leader also tried to bore her with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners .  Arsene Wenger has said it would be a shame for Burnley to go down .  Burnley are currently two points from safety and have won only once in 11 games   .
Jaysh Al - Islam released video showing 1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces units .  They are part of Army of Islam , which opposes Syrian regime and ISIS in Syria .  Salafist group was formed in 2011 after merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .  Leader Sheikh Zahran Aloush calls for ' cleansing ' of Alawite and Shiites in rebel - held Damascus .  He tells his troops : ' So take your strength from Allah and wage Jihad in the cause of your Lord '   .
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .  The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 sq km and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .  The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert   .
Green party 's new election advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage .  Advert is designed to show Establishment parties ' sing from the same hymn sheet ' The song , Change The Tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband .  The video is complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ’s evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  The fossil is known from the well - preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .  Experts from the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County say the find will help fill in gaps in the evolution .  of cetaceans .
Teachers to call for ' play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds at National Union of Teachers conference .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time .  NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the ' formal sitting down ' and ' come on let 's do some work stage ' before they are seven   .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3 lb and says she found it difficult to find clothes to suit her .  The housewife 's diet consisted of chicken kiev , deep - fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .  She has now slimmed down to a slender 9st 10 lb after taking up exercise and eating healthily .
A researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia and was heralded as the world ’s oldest musical instrument .  But Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo - Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences said the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed .  He also said that there is no evidence on the bones that have the holes , so the idea they were made by hyenas is incorrect .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month .  The WBA super - middleweight champion pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .  Froch is still keen to fight in Vegas and would be open to travelling to America   .
England 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after refereeing mistake .  Match will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .  The Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .  Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom - right corner but team - mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and the goal was disallowed   .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 in Champions League quarter - final second leg .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side could face Barcelona or Bayern Munich in semi - finals .  Fans mobbed Real 's team coach as it arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .  Raphael Varane uploaded video of the fire - hot welcome to the team bus .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute against Atletico .
