Porto have received £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  The Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on stars for huge profits .  Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .  Porto have reached the last eight of this year 's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004 .
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn seat .  The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent for the General Election .  He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things .  He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .
Sir Philip Carter died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president .  Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .  Roberto Martinez : ' This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian '
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 and is now heading for extinction .  Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name 's declining popularity .  Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
A New York judge authorized service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  David Wheeler : If you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .  He says " traditional " does n't necessarily mean " good " when it comes to serving papers .  Wheeler : Service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable .
England face Italy in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday .  Roy Hodgson 's side are top of Group D ahead of the clash with the Azzurri .  Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in France , assuming everyone is fit   .
John Carver says Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday .  The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger .  Carver has called a training ground showdown meeting with his players this week .  Newcastle travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday   .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .  Ricardo Cruz said .  Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  The ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
Ian Brady , 77 , wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley .  The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .  Brady , who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around , expressed no remorse for killings .  He wrote : ' I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib - Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote , and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland .  I hope the IRA is reactivated , as promised for a united Ireland .  I know nothing of any EU decisions on UK
Green party 's new election advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage .  Advert is designed to show Establishment parties ' sing from the same hymn sheet ' The song , Change The Tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband .  The video is complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change .
England 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after refereeing mistake .  Match will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .  The Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .  Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom - right corner but team - mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early and the goal was disallowed   .
