General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car in Shanghai .  It has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .  And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .  The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’ .  But it is just a concept and has no release date or planned production date yet .
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .  Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the blackened cover .  The building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .  Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident in Shirley , Solihull , West Midlands .
Disgusted member of the public snapped the farm worker using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker .  Spokesman said there were no health issues arising from the incident   .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads had been hit by new safety rules .  Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .  HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .  Police say he came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  Neighbors believe the stress of the divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge .
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .  He was sentenced to seven years in prison for his role as a ' man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy .  But today it emerged his case was dropped and his European Arrest Warrant withdrawn .  Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink .  To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham fears she will be next to face firing squad in Bali .  She has been on death row since being convicted of smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine in 2012 .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad .  Grandmother said : ' Their senseless , brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place '   .
Abby Bishop 's life changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .  The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  The Wigan Warriors forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .  Flower came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match against Warrington .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job as IT project manager .  But he was stopped at the airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .  Stun gun was capable of giving off electrical discharge causing victim to ' startle and repel ' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .  Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court : ' What he did was foolish '
The Easter Feast is served at Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  Breakfast has 388 g of sugar - the equivalent of 97 teaspoons - in half an Easter egg .  Two types of cereal , Creme Egg , Mini Eggs , brownie and home - made brownie are added .  It is then topped off with three types of flavoured milk and salted caramel sauce   .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals .  It is the result of a five - year investigation into the American search giant .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  EU is also expected to probe Google 's operating system for Android smartphones .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  The teaching assistant fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .  His parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children '
Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium was destroyed in a tragic fire 30 years ago .  56 people died and 265 were injured in the blaze on May 11 , 1985 .  John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City at the time .  Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the fire was started deliberately   .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote Circular Soccer .  The World No 1 beat the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown in the first Circular soccer Showdown of 2015 .  The new football game is based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .  McIlory was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta .  The 25-year - old finished fourth after a slow start to finish an impressive fourth   .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .  After Fallon told Christie he ' looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ' If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .  Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election , but made it clear that he will not be changing himself just to win office .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .  They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .  Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor so far this year .
Virginia ’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . '  Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' said Portsmouth 's Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff .  Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the ' shortcomings ' of her Healthy , Hunger - Free Kids Act scheme   .  Students and parents posted photos of Michelle Obama'tmeasly ' school lunches in February and in October of last year .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata .  It was carrying seven fisherman , including three Sicilians and four Tunisians .  The captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( EBUS ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  It is being used by doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust .  It allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient ’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  Clarkson ’s spokesman was unavailable for comment .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web will be published worldwide on August 27 .  Fourth installment in Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson .  Written by David Lagercrantz based on plot outline left by Larsson before he died in 2004 .  He said : ' If you write about Lisbeth Salander its easy to get a little paranoid '
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty .  The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day Beijing , which is visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .
A man deliberately drove his Ford Falcon ute into the front doors of a Northern Territory police station .  The 42-year - old allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .  The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ' The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment which is widespread in Australia .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 - a total of 177 received more than £ 200,000 .  Campaigners said the payments were ‘ scandalous ’ and ‘ unacceptable ’ .  It comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices   .
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  Pieces from the meteorite , which came from asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , are thought to have crashed to Earth and could be worth thousands of pounds , experts say .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free - kick instead .  FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier in Bahrain vs Uzbekistan .  Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1 - 0 up .  Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama .
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the richest fight of all time .  Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £ 67.48 ) to watch the fight .  Mayweather has spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .  Carl Froch 's dreams of fighting in England have been dashed .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back - up in case of war or national emergencies .  At its peak in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored   .
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in hamlet of Pierres , south - west of Caen .  An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Alleged killer was living rough in area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted man over stolen vegetables .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body .  The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East were flying in from all over the world to be at Stephanie 's big day   .
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .  The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 sq km and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal .
A researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia and was heralded as the world ’s oldest musical instrument .  But Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo - Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences said the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed .  He also said that there is no evidence on the bones that have the holes , so the idea they were made by hyenas is incorrect .
