Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  Anuradha Koirala and Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children they care for were forced to evacuate their homes .  Their facilities have been damaged or destroyed .  CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Las Vegas in 2012 .  She has previously said she has a pair of his underpants she plans to use in strip - tease act .  In teaser from upcoming book , she says she noticed how ' adorably cute his naked a * * was ' Prince Harry was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at the Encore at Wynn hotel .  Kensington Palace has previously dismissed her claims as ' untrue '
Justin Rose finished tied for second at the Masters despite carding a 14-under - par total .  The Englishman was looking to become the first European to win the US Open and Masters .  Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014   .
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , lost her home when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .  She was almost killed when she was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .  She lost everything but moved to a trailer park in Connecticut where she met her partner .  Dennis Krauss , who lost his home in Brooklyn , also lost his house in the disaster .  The loving couple plan to spend their winnings on a new house together in Connecticut .
The life of a 16-year - old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .  Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  After a week of somber remembrances at the school , classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work .  The Chelsea striker set up a foundation in his hometown of Abidjan , Ivory Coast .  The 37-year - old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa .  Chelsea 's stars raised £ 400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball earlier this month .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news   .
Eduardo Vargas , Charlie Austin and Bobby Zamora scored for Queens Park Rangers .  Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute .  Youssouff Mulumbu was sent off for QPR in the 84th minute for a foul on Joey Barton .  QPR are now just two points above the relegation zone in the Premier League .
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  The world No 3 lost in the mens final of the Miami Open to Novak Djokovic on Sunday .  Murray has been restored to No 3 in the new tennis rankings .  The 27-year - old will not hit a ball this week as he prepares for his wedding .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by Miami fashion crowd .  Wants to be Cuba 's answer to the reality TV star .  Has huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .  Denies that her curves have been photoshopped   .
Residents on Greville Street near Hatton Garden , London , say they had power cuts a week before raid .  They also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But they thought at the time it was simply a continuation of road works in the street .  It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .  Peter Bergen : Nigeria 's poor have been victims of its enormous wealth , and the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .  He says the problem of corruption went hand - in - glove with the rise of terrorism , and Boko Haram is a major problem .  Bergen says the victory of a Muslim candidate does not represent the ability of Islamism to govern .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .  Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of meal out , study finds .  Three - course meal for two with wine comes in at £ 19.60 , and a cup of coffee is 78p .  Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , Britons will find cost of a day out much more expensive .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .  He was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , South Carolina , on March 18 .  Coroner ruled he died of alcohol poisoning , calling it a ' tragic and totally preventable death '   .  Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and a keg was seen on the porch .  The death is still under investigation   .
Billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has promised to give Bentleys to every pilot in Yemen air strikes .  Saudi Arabia launched air strikes a month ago to stop advance of Shiite Houthi rebels .  The Saudis said the bombing raids had been successful and they would stop on Tuesday .  But on Wednesday the raids appeared to have resumed , with fighting taking place in Taez   .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .  Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket in Augusta   .  The 25-year - old was caddied by One Direction 's Niall Horan on Wednesday   .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ' The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The undefeated boxer faces more pressure than his opponent , says Joe Calzaghe .  The Welshman retired undefeated with 46 wins and zero defeats in his professional career .  The bout is expected to be worth at least $ 180million and $ 120 m to both fighters   .
Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .  Glen Johnson looks set to leave Liverpool after six years at the club .  Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , could prove a useful replacement for Lukasz Fabianski .  Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the World Cup team of the tournament .  Mikel Arteta has not played for Arsenal since November due to injury .  Jonas Gutierrez is a cancer survivor and Newcastle want to sign him .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year and has helped refine Miliband 's message .  But he has revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary .  Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages to get rid of him .  The striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .  The 31-year - old Togolese has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .  Click here for Tottenham transfer news   .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year - old has now scored 36 La Liga goals for Real Madrid this season .  Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season .  Messi has scored in 50 consecutive weeks in Spain - dating back to January 2014 .
Arsenal beat Reading 2 - 1 after extra - time in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  The Gunners took an early lead through Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez goals .  Reading equalised through Garath McCleary 's deflected volley in the second - half .  But a goalkeeping error from Adam Federici allowed Arsenal to win in extra time .  Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire his return to the Premier League .
Kendall and Baylee 's skin contrast is possible because they are non - identical .  Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .  Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes .  But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .  And Kendall ’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .  He exclaimed : ‘ The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’ .  While the instance is extremely rare , it ’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .  In a counter - peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey .  This results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks .
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2 m to raise money for NHS .  Estate agents offering higher ' Cameron price ' and lower ' Miliband price ' for same property .  Labour government could see people 's mortgage bills soar by £ 1,000 a year , George Osborne claims .  Chancellor warns of ' clear and present danger ' of rising interest rates .
Lee Cattermole will return to the Sunderland starting line - up for the Wear - Tyne derby .  Defender Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .  Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery .  Newcastle have conceded nine goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season .  Black Cats have won four successive derbies against Newcastle for the first time in history   .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of Chelsea FC owner Roman and his second wife Irina .  Has been receiving a lot of criticism on Instagram about her appearance and weight .  Has hit back saying she is going to turn the negative comments into positivity .  Sofia is Roman 's daughter from his second marriage to Irina who had five children   .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 in the Champions League quarter - final on Wednesday .  Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life to send Real through to the semi - finals .  But Real are unlikely to take up their option to buy the Manchester United striker .  Hernandez has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football this season .  Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them .  Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight   .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans - Joachim Watzke he wants to leave .  The 47-year - old believes he has taken Dortmund as far as he can , according to reports in Germany .  Bild report that former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over .  The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh - in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Friday .  The pair will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs .  The winner will unify the WBC ( Mayweather ) and WBO ( Pacquiao ) world welterweight titles .  Wladimir Klitschko looks set to face Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury before he hangs up his gloves   .
QPR face West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  Chris Ramsey 's side are 19th in the Premier League , four points adrift of the relegation zone .  The QPR boss says that Tony Pulis is ' one of the best coaches in Britain '   .  But Ramsey insists that he wo n't be asking for any tactical advice from Pulis   .
Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .  Located in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform received its name thanks to its hand - like shape .  Visitors must hike more than two miles to access the square formation of rock which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .  Victoria Peak in Hong Kong is the highest skyscrapers on Hong Kong Island and is accessible by a tram system .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes in Champions League on Wednesday .  Luis Suarez scored a double as PSG defender David Luiz was brought back from injury .  The former Chelsea man replaced countryman Thiago Silva after 21 minutes .  Both of the Uruguayans goals came after Suarez cheekily nutmegged the Brazilian .  Internet jokers had a field day with Luiz the butt of many jokes   .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 in Champions League quarter final first leg .  Luis Suarez scored twice to put Barca firmly in control of the tie .  The striker says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  Suarez has now scored 11 goals in his last 11 games for Barcelona this season   .
Boeing 737 - 800 tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway in Khajuraho .  Crew ordered evacuation and passengers slid down plane 's inflatable slides to safety .  Jet Airways described it as ' a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year - old was campaigning on his behalf in Doncaster in 2005 when she was attacked .  She said she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' when they first met at a party .  But he failed to tell her that he was secretly in a relationship with the woman who invited them to dinner .  The Labour leader also tried to bore her with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners .  Arsene Wenger has said it would be a shame for Burnley to go down .  Burnley are currently two points from safety and have won only once in 11 games   .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .  The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert   .
Teachers to call for ' play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds at National Union of Teachers conference .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time .  NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for the ' formal sitting down ' and ' come on let 's do some work stage ' before they are seven   .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month .  The WBA super - middleweight champion pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .  Froch is still keen to fight in Vegas and would be open to travelling to America   .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 in Champions League quarter - final second leg .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side could face Barcelona or Bayern Munich in semi - finals .  Fans mobbed Real 's team coach as it arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday .  Raphael Varane uploaded video of the fire - hot welcome to the team bus .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute against Atletico .
