Students from the University of Surrey discovered thousands of colonies .  They submerged coins and notes in agar to   accelerate   growth pf bacteria   .  Most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots   .  Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on notes and coins   .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , has been accused of harassment .  Referred to her neighbors as ' n * * * * * ' but insists she is not racist .  One note said : ' There were no [ expletive ] in W.L until you came '   .  Victim has said her family may be forced to move as they do n't feel safe    .
Girl was playing with friend when Zbigniew Huminski forced her into car .  Chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour - and - a - half later .  Prosecutors say there is evidence of ' strangulation and sexual violence ' Polish immigrant , who was heading to England , has admitted to killing   .
Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .  She claims the 40 ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .  Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .  Council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20 ft   .
Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns .  The number of women taking Holy Vows stood at just seven back in 2004   .  But that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .  One father said a ' gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  German boss has enjoyed success with club during seven - year stint .  He has been linked with Manchester City , Manchester United and Arsenal   .  Per Mertesacker says he would like to see Klopp in the Premier League .
Paula Dunican paid £ 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of Asda .  When she took it home she noticed a ' seeping ' stain on the back of coat .  She then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .  The supermarket has apologised and offered her a £ 40 voucher and refund   .
McHenry , 28 , berated single mother Gina Michelle for towing her car .  She insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .  ESPN suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .  But despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week   .
Harley Street is a top destination for private   cosmetic   surgery   .  Patients pay   thousands   for   treatments   they hope will change their lives   .  Michael , 33 , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem   .  Andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her   husband   ca n't tell the difference   .
Candidate Lynne Abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .  While a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year - old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign   .
Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , on Friday   .  Passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .  Motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .  Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested   .
Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter to appear on World Have Your Say .  Came after claims he had never seen the Star Wars franchise before   .  On the show he described the films as both anti - women and anti - gay   .  Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a ' really bad racial stereotype '   .
Thousands of accounts vanished from the   social   network last week   .  Twitter said it had   received   numerous reports about terror - promoting users .  Decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence   .  Suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ' hacktavist ' collective Anonymous targeting online jihadis .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea on way from resort of Krabi .  Was five miles from the coast travelling to Phuket when engine exploded .  35-metre - long boat caught fire around 3.30pm before sinking around 6 pm .  Passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .  No injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl   .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Series of photos appear   to show the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria .  Man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land   .  He is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver   .  It is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ' blasphemer '
Denise and Glen Higgs thought they 'd never have children .  He was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried IVF .  Couple from of Braunton , Devon , had Mazy , born three years ago .  Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .
Speed camera discovered pointing at house in Handsworth , Birmingham .  Fixed cameras   switched off across the West Midlands in Spring of 2013 .  Site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .  Obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round at St Katharine Docks .  Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .  Pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .  Returned to scene of   ceremony   for party later on   .  Raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul 's father   .
Nasr Bitar   spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn .  Decided it was ' his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .  Sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in Mississauga .  Picture of Nasr 's selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9million times .
Danny Higginbotham covers his time under Roy Keane in his new book   .  He played for Keane 's Sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season .  Keane told his players ' basically you 're s * * * ' before a game with Aston Villa .  He also told one player he was ' not f * * * * * * good enough ' to play for the club .
Four - poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for £ 2,200 .  Owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating   .  Historian now claims DNA from the timber proves it belonged to Henry VII .  Ornate bed , now on display , was made for King and wife Elizabeth of York .
Attorney : Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it .  Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used .  In 2009 , an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser .
Singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to Drake 's gig .  Security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .  A row erupted and a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into the gig .  But festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a gravity - defying feat together   .  The two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer Dai Aoki   .  They have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks   .
Manchester United take on Manchester City on Sunday .  Match will begin at 4 pm local time at United 's Old Trafford home   .  Police have no objections to kick - off being so late in the afternoon .  Last late afternoon weekend kick - off in the Manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at Wembley in 2011 FA Cup semi - final .
Kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no - ball against Rohit Sharma in India 's World Cup match with Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi president alleged India had used its influence in the ICC .  Governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .  But Kamal confirmed his intention to step down   .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Father - of - four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .  The award - winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette   .
Michigan high school students Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska who has Down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .  For their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ' Real friends do n't count chromosomes '   .  The sign references the fact that people with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21   .
Jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing Nike products .  Ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a Greek Goddess .  Commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic .  Those living under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying   provocative   language   or   swear words   .
Lorraine Bracco was asked by The Sopranos creator to be Carmela   .  The actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in Martin Scorsese 's Goodfellas in 1990 .  Convinced showrunner David Chase to let her play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi   .
Kevin Carr set off on his epic journey from Haytor , Dartmoor in July 2013 .  He is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .  Mr Carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .  He is set to break the previous record held by an Australian by 24 hours   .
HBO is the US network behind Game of Thrones and the Sopranos .  Service is available on Apple TV and iOS exclusively for three months .  Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV system from $ 99 ( £ 65 ) to $ 69   .
Huma Abedin came under fire for not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa .  She is Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .  On Saturday , she and husband Anthony Weiner went for Mexican lunch .  It is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing   .
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .  Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman are yet to become household names .  Will 2015 winner Stevie become a chart   success   or another Voice flop ?    .
Nadir Ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain .  However , Ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .  Win gave hosts Dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .  Goals from Greg Stewart , Jake McPake and Paul Heffernen secured win   .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney   .  Stand - out shows included Maticevski , Romance Was Born , Tome , Steven Khalil and Johanna Johnson .  Sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were   recurring   trends .
ONE Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins   .  Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Prior 's team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart   .
Steven Finn was left out of the England squad for the West Indies tour   .  The Middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .  Finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year - old ' His last of 23 Test caps came for England back in 2013 .
Australian fashion designer Alex Perry wo n't show at this year 's MBFWA .  The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .  This will be the designer 's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades .  Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East   .
An Indiana public school performance of American Pie ended in tragedy Wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on - stage .  More than a dozen people were injured at the Westfield High performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .  Students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling   .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling .  Indicating it will take the Manchester club 20 years to eclipse Liverpool   .
Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .  Charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .  Loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into UK for personal consumption .
Qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow   .  The airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .  They are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late   .  Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports   .
Christopher Starrs was spared jail in an ' act of mercy ' by judge in January   .  But senior judge has now said his colleague took ' his eye off the ball '   .  Nicholas Cooke QC said wheelchair - bound Starrs should have been jailed .  But added Starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand .
If Carl Froch does n't fight in 2015 I 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .  A blockbuster with James DeGale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat - but Anthony Dirrell has made contact   .  Scott Quigg - Carl Frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy .  The perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .  Eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Youtube .  While some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , died in December last year with brother Jacques , 20 .  Torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to ' have a good weekend ' But pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in Manchester .  Today coroner said he was ' frightened ' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
Liverpool face Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter - final replay on Wednesday .  The FA Cup final could be Steven Gerrard 's last game for the club .  Robbie Fowler insists Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard .  Raheem Sterling should remain at Anfield , according to Fowler    .
' Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program 's designers .  Tattoos , manicures , lingerie , jewelry , movie tickets , cruises and pornography will also be off the list if Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill .  Republicans in Kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $ 25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government - issued welfare debit cards .  Democrats say it 's mean - spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they 're ' less ' valuable ' than other people ' Brownback 's administration has shrunk the TANF rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 ; the law would also force recipients to try to find work   .
Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in " L.A. Law " Dysart had many TV and film roles , including spots in " Being There " and " The Thing " Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical " That Championship Season "
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the   colossal   snow walls     .  The 1000 ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year   .  The snowy section is part of a 37 km route , with sights such as   Kurobe Dam and the Hida Mountains on the way   .
Mitchell Keenan and his father Keith were evicted from their family home   .  They were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill   .  Mr Keenan 's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated     .  WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT   .
A kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in Bruhl , Germany .  German police initially believed the report was an April Fools day prank   .  After realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field   .  The owners later called police when the animal returned to it 's enclosure .  It is suspected that the it 's fencing was damaged after severe storms   .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was freed from a Yemeni prison by al - Qaeda this week .  Terrorist commander was today pictured inside Mukalla governor 's palace   .  He was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an AK-47 .  Batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
Sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of South Korea , killing 304 people .  Families hold protests , vigils , say not much has been resolved since sinking .  Government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
Officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe .  Fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire .  The Russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .  She was in fact a 32-year - old mother of one running her own business .  Miss Jacobs had been struck by what is called Transient Global Amnesia .  The condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .  She admits succumbing to ' total shock ' when her son called her ' mum '
Michael Hanline was serving life without parole for killing JT McGarry .  But new DNA evidence at crime scene   revealed that he was innocent .  After 36 years wrongfully imprisoned the 69-year - old has finally been freed .  Hanline says all he wants to do   now   is fish and spend time with his wide .
Edward 's Snow Den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business .  When clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5 am to 11 pm .  One review for it said that it was a ' great source of classified information ' Whistleblower Edward Snowden is thought to be hiding out in Russia   .
South Korean investigators say they have proof that North Korea is launching cyberattacks .  Reports say the North is investing heavily in digital warfare .  December attack on banks in South Korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says .
Woman threatened to jump off Shanghai tower block after being dumped .  Dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down .  Fireman   Xu Weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
Bob McDonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife .  His lawyers argue that he never performed any ' official acts ' for Star Scientific , a company that sought support for his ' Anatabloc ' supplement   .  McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day ; they 're both free pending appeals .  Three - judge federal court panel will hear the former governor 's appeal on May 12 .
A student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey on Monday morning with a gun and fired twice at the ceiling .  Brady Olson , a government teacher , tackled the teenager to the ground and kept him pinned on the floor until authorities came and arrested the boy .  The unidentified shooter only transferred to the school a month ago .  Students praised the popular teacher for his quick - thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
Tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can easily see more .  Firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Brett Robinson , 33 , facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  Allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .  Relationship continued and Robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was ' a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams ' Was caught during an investigation into colleague Jill Curry , 39     .  Judge ruled Wednesday that Robinson 's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month , with her trial set to start next week .  A psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient    .
The Thunder from Lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for Toothfish   .  Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for more than 100 days   .  The Thunder 's captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover - up .  Watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster   .
Guests attending Battle of Waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat .  Invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ' triumphalist ' The move was   criticised   by politicians as ' absurd ' political correctness .
Teen with deadly brain tumour has almost raised $ 80,000 .  The money is needed to fund his life - saving brain surgery   .  18-year - old Jackson Byrnes has stage four brain tumour .  He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on   .  Instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .  He must find $ 80,000 by Tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front   .  Jackson Byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money     .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  A string of new complaints against him have come to light this week .  He tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas .  The tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints    .
Daphne Selfe has been modelling since the Fifties .  She has recently landed a new campaign with Vans and & Other Stories .  The 86-year - old commands £ 1,000 a day for her work   .
The earthquake that struck Nepal has left thousands of Nepalis without shelter .  Torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .  It 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
Lennon reportedly partied at Suede nightclub in Manchester on April 4   .  Venue packed with hundreds who had come to see Trey Songz perform   .  Alleged victim says £ 55,000-a - week star left her with bruise below her eye   .  Tottenham winger , on loan to Everton , interviewed on suspicion of assault    .  Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
Skin Laundry , a trendy new skin clinic in Manhattan , offers a ten - minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .  Clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director , a coroner and to donate their organs   .
Nicky Law scored two goals as Rangers comfortably beat Raith Rovers .  Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark also got on the scoresheet at Ibrox .  Rangers had suffered defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday .  But Stuart McCall 's side recovered to keep up the pressure on Hibernian    .
Angela Kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .  She had arthritis in her early 30s but would n't kick her heel habit .  Four years ago , at 63 , she had have a titanium knee replacement .
Up to 300 runners in yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run sent wrong way   .  Some of the racers were said to be ' in tears ' after the two - mile detour .  Organisation slammed as ' shambolic ' as there was also water shortage    .
Drone was filming at Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch .  On its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky   .
Zella Jackson Price of Olivette , Missiouri , gave birth to her baby 49 years ago .  After she was told her baby had died , the baby , now named Melanie Gilmore , was adopted to another family for an unknown reason .  Price , 76 , and Gilmore , 49 , confirmed they were related through a DNA test .  They both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion .  Soon they will begin an investigation into the hospital to see what happened   .
Aid agency   received approval from Saudi - led coalition to enter Yemen    .  It has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies .  11 days of coalition airstrikes on Iran - backed Shi'ite Houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .  News comes as Pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of Sunni nations .
Kenneth Stancil made his first appearance in a North Carolina court on Thursday after he was transferred from a Florida jail .  In an expletive - filled rant , he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother .  His victim , Ron Lane , and brother had never met and there were no complaints against Lane when he was shot dead on Monday .  Stancil has admitted that he partly shot Lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay    .
Tabitha Anne Bennett ' messaged a 14-year - old girl on Facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl ' She ' drove her daughter to the meeting place and emerged with a knife - which made the 14-year - old girl think she was going to die ' She ' yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair '   .  She has been charged with child abuse and assault and battery   .
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2   .  Pacquiao took to Instagram on Thursday to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey .  36-year - old was also visited by   NBA legend Karl Malone at his boxing gym .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan and his son , Brendon .  He carried out shooting last August to avenge nine - year - old sister , Cathy .  Cathy was killed   in a car smash involving Brent 's father , Herbert , in 1970 .  Herbert given nine - month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died   .  Vuozzo , from Prince Edward Island , said the sentence had ' haunted ' him .  Knew victims , who lived near Montague , were not involved in fatal crash .  Defendant pleaded guilty to first- and second - degree murder in February .  He was jailed for life on Monday ; he is not   eligible   for parole for 35 years   .
In February , Ukip unveiled 50,000 cap on those being given visas for UK .  Farage then refused to have ‘ arbitrary targets ’ , before moving it to 30,000 .  Tories accused Mr Farage of ‘ making up his policies as he goes along ’ .  Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U - turns on immigration .
The Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback   was expected to sell for £ 200,000 .  But an anonymous car collector bought it for £ 739,212 in Surrey yesterday .  When the vintage car is   restored , it could be worth more than £ 1million   .  Described as ' one of the rarest cars of its time ' as only 218 cars were made .
Jaysh Al - Islam fights against government soldiers in Syrian city of Damascus .  Made up of around ' 60 rebel factions ' , it also opposes Islamist groups like ISIS .  Held the ' largest military parade witnessed ' since start of the Syrian revolution .  Saudi Arabia is ' funding the group with millions of dollars in arms and training '
Team of   scientists   discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale .  Seven million - year - old Nanokogia isthmia bones were found in Panama .  Suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ’s evolution .  Today 's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease   .
Kim Callaghan , from Ireland , piled on the pounds after having children .  Limited to size 28 clothing Kim , 39 , worried she resembled a man .  She joined Slimming World and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st   .
