The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  Currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  It was then submerged in the substance for three to four days .  After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money .  Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .  But the scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin .  Money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA and food poisoning bacteria .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .  She referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ' n * * * * * ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ' Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Another said : ' U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [ sic ] ' Chapin has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe .  She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into his car .  Mother Isabelle heard her daughter ’s screams as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais but was unable to do anything .  Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ extreme violence ’ .  But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car and intended to travel to Britain .
A 40 ft high leylandii hedge has been blocking sunlight to neighbours ' gardens for 35 years .  Audrey Alexander claims the hedge has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house .  But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , although it has to be cut to 20 ft .  The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden .
Catholic Church figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology .  She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in North London .
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager in the Premier League .  The 47-year - old has won two Bundesliga titles and the Champions League .  Manchester City have already indicated they are not interested in appointing Klopp .  Click here for more Arsenal news   .
Paula Dunican bought the coat for £ 25 from her local Asda branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she tried it on she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' the lining .  Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Supermarket apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher for the coat   .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for one week after towing video went viral .  Footage showed her launching into tirade at Gina Michelle , a single mother - of - three .  She insulted the woman 's looks , intelligence , and social status in the video .  The ESPN reporter had left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she launched the tirade on the towing clerk .  She told her : ' I ’m in the news , sweetheart , I will f*****g sue this place '   .
Michael Pulman , 33 , from Walsall , has spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates running for Philadelphia mayor .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .  Abraham sat out the rest of the debate and was evaluated backstage by a doctor .  After the fall , Abraham joked : ' How 'd you like my opening act ? '    .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the cash on the side of the road .  Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving .  Plastic bag with a ' substantial amount of money ' blew out causing traffic to slow down .  Police have warned that anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted   .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say .  Told producers he had never seen the films but was invited on to talk about them .  Claimed the films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and racial sterotypes ' Added that the only main female ends up in a space bikini ' chained to a horny space slug '   .  Said that Darth Vader listens to rap music and that C-3PO is a ' camp , neurotic coward ' BBC has apologised and said the guest ' presented himself as a 20-year - old who 's never seen Star Wars '   .
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .  Most claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East .  Twitter 's ' violations department ' suspended 10,000 pro - ISIS accounts in a single 24-hour period .  It is the largest ever one - off cull of ISIS - affiliated accounts on the social media network .  Twitter representative said the move was prompted in part by ' large number of reports '
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded .  The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the tour boat when it caught fire .  She may have been picked up by another boat going to the beach resort of Phuket   .
Gruesome photographs show man being led out of van in handcuffs and blindfolded   .  He is then forced to kneel down while surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver   .  One photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .  The beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama , Syria , for being an ' alleged blasphemer '   .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would conceive .  Glen was made infertile due to testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment .  The couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago and then tried again using the same batch .  Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week   .
A speed camera has been pointed directly at a house in Birmingham , West Midlands .  The bright yellow gatso has not been working for more than two years .  Around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off across the region in March 2013 .  Birmingham City Council say they are aware of the camera and will investigate   .
Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day .  They ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon together .  Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .  Couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .  He followed it in his own vehicle , getting in position just in time to take the perfect snap .  Image has now been shared almost 2.9million times on image sharing website imgur .
Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15 , 2007 .  Roy Keane delivered a controversial team talk before the game at the Stadium of Light .  The Republic of Ireland assistant manager told his players to ' try and enjoy the game '   .  The former Black Cats defender has described the speech as ' bizarre ' in his new autobiography .  Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill 's backroom staff at Aston Villa .
Four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester in 2010 .  Unaware of its true value , builders dismantled the piece of furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  It was snapped up for £ 2,200 in 2010 by a bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it online .  TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots .  DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .
A reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma , accidentally shot and killed a man .  He said he meant to use his Taser but drew his handgun instead .  Experts say the gun should be holstered on the dominant side of the officer 's body .  In a 2009 case , a police officer in Oakland , California , drew his gun instead of a Taser and shot a man , killing him .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California on Sunday .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  Bieber missed Drake 's performance , which featured a surprise kiss from Madonna .
Ace and Holly the border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Using a human as their base , the pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The brief clip shows their owner and trainer Dai Aoki lying on the ground with Ace on his lap .
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford in the late afternoon on Sunday .  Police say they have no objections to the 4 pm kick - off time .  Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says it is down to good behaviour from fans .  Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge in February after Everton v Liverpool started at 5.30pm .  The last time United and City met in a late afternoon was in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley in 2011   .
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .  Kamal said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ' unfortunate '   .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught .  Learned form reading recipe books or watching   television shows .  He has four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven   .
Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , but when someone else invited him , she accepted and did everything she could to make sure he had a fantastic night .  On their big night , they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' Real friends do n't count chromosomes '   .  Since the photo was shared on Facebook on March 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked it .
Sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Leaflet threatens both buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .  Comes after one militant compared the brand 's famous ' tick ' logo to a Christian cross .  His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued it was fine to wear Nike because they are ' comfy and good quality '
The 60-year - old Oscar - nominated actress turned down the role of Carmela because she had already played a mobster 's wife in the 1990 Martin Scorsese film Goodfellas .  She accused show creator David Chase of lazy casting and asked to play Dr. Melfi instead .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and is due to complete trip tomorrow .  The 35-year - old has completed one and a quarter marathons a day for the past 19 months .  Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries , across Europe , Australia , New Zealand and North and South America .  He has worn out 16 pairs of shoes and covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps in 621 days .  The barman is just 24 hours away from completing his epic journey in a record time   .
Service is available in the US for $ 14.99 ( £ 9.90 ) a month and includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City .  Users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix .  It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms .
Huma Abedin , 38 , enjoyed lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan at Tortaria in New York on Saturday .  It is the second time this week she has enjoyed a Mexican meal in a fast food joint .  She and Hillary Clinton came under fire for eating at a Chipotle in Iowa but left no tip .  This time , with her boss out of sight , she opted for a more upmarket eatery next door .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 , beating Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident Stevie could be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .  Previous winners Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley have failed to break through in the charts .  Leanne 's debut single failed to rank higher than number 45 , and her album did n't even make the top 100 .  Andrea 's album did make it to number seven in the album charts , but that 's not the same as X Factor success .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain .  Turkish forward 's actions came back to haunt him as his side lost 3 - 2 at home to rivals Dundee .  Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead in the 14th minute before Nadir levelled from the penalty spot .  Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan scored in the second half to seal victory for the Dark Blues .  It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years   .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .  Highlights included couture masterpieces from highlight shows Romance Was Born , Toni Maticevski and Steven Khalil ... and Johanna Johnson 's Hollywood - inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .  Big is better - silhouettes went super - sized at many of the highlight shows .  Skin is definitely in - flimsy , sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk , with breasts , backsides and everything else on display beneath see - through mesh and lace designs .  Make - up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow the designs ... while some were downright bizarre .
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants .  Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for the first time .  Prior 's team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Team Sky .  The former England wicketkeeper is a long - time cycling fan .
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour by England selectors .  The Middlesex bowler says he 's been working on his run - up and watching old clips .  Finn became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets at the age of 21 .  The 26-year - old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season .
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year 's Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia .  This is only the second time in 20 years the designer has not shown at the Sydney event .  The designer says he is enjoying ' taking a breather ' and focusing on his international projects .  Perry says he will miss the excitement of running his own show but looks forward to supporting his favourite designers on the front row this week .
Performers at Westfield High School in Indiana were dancing on - stage for the finale of the musical American Pie on Thursday night when the platform beneath them collapsed , sending students plummeting 10 feet into the orchestra pit below .  One of the students suffered critical head trauma but is now recovering .  The tragedy evoked memories of a stage collapse at an Indiana high school in 2011 that killed seven and injured nearly 100 fans when the roof of the stage collapsed during a performance .
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up for Raheem Sterling .  City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for the Liverpool youngster .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Rodgers says it could take two decades for City to reach the status of Liverpool or Manchester United .  Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Sunday   .
Charity Bite - Back says one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup in the UK .  loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption .  One kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £ 180 through wholesale markets .  More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing strips after they continually arrived late .  The airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  The Australian airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .  Air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai are to blame for the late arrivals .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £ 28,000 over two - and - a - half years .  He invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to property in expenses scam .  But Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ' act of mercy ' in January this year .  He gave Starrs a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years and ordered him to pay a fine .  But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ' unlawful ' and added Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. He had hoped to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  James DeGale is now the most likely opponent for Froch on his return to the ring .  Froch could also face Gennady Golovkin , Anthony Dirrell or Bernard Hopkins .  Carl Frampton - Scott Quigg is dead in the water after his team failed to make an offer to the Northern Irishman .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , Kazakhstan .  Shows 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing .  Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  It has prompted all manner of bizarre explanations for the mysterious phenomenon .  Many are convinced it is definitive proof of extra - terrestrial life .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy .  Astrophysics students bought the drug from an anonymous dealer via the ' dark web ' Torin bought MDMA via website Agora which can not be accessed through regular websites .  The brothers were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton .  They had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .  Coroner Alan Walsh said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the drugs   .
Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter - final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night .  Steven Gerrard will miss the game because of a three - match suspension .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool 's players must not focus on Gerrard .  Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy in the MLS .  Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game , says Fowler .
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill into law that would make it illegal for welfare recipients to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .  Swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks would also be banned .  Recipients would be limited to $ 25 in cash per day and could no longer use debit cards to pay for rent or bail themselves out of jail .  Brownback has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program , known as TANF , since he became governor in 2011 .
Richard Dysart played the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama " L.A. Law " Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller 's Pulitzer Prize - winning " That Championship Season " He limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm " Day One " and in the ABC miniseries " War and Remembrance " He was Henry L. Stimson , the 33rd U.S. president 's Secretary of War , in the 1995 HBO telefilm ' Truman '
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow - walled passageway along the 1000 ft section .  The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year .  An estimated 910,000 flocked to the frozen passage last year - with the number predicted to rise this year with the opening of the Shinkansen line .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was forced to live in a tent after he was evicted from his home last year .  Was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister found his blackened toes   .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated   .  Came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire .
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial .  The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .  It is suspected that the Australian animal was damaged after the severe storm ' Niklas ' battered through Europe .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) He was jailed by Yemeni officials before he was freed by terrorists two days ago .  Pictures posted online show him posing with an AK-47 in the governor 's palace in Mukalla .  He was freed along with 300 other inmates as terrorists stormed the prison he was in .
South Korea 's President Park Geun - hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry " as soon as possible " The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students on their way to a field trip to Jeju island .  The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow .  The emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .  She had Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick and the internet was a mystery .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and he was released last November .  His murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday and he has been released from jail .  Hanline said : ' All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with my wife '   .
A business called Edward ’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House on Google Maps .  The business was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm a night .  Several reviews appeared underneath the listing describing it as a ' great source of classified information ' It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his leaks .  But security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing to show Google Maps flaw .
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .  South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a " cyberarmy " of 6,000 workers .  Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Video filmed by a passer - by shows the young woman dangling off the edge of a 10-storey ledge .  Police had failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment .  Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down .  Video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away .  She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming .
McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .  Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his .  wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .  McDonnell argues that the favors he did for Williams did not amount to ' official acts ' covered by federal bribery law .  Prosecutors argue McDonnell 's behavior was a better fit with bribery laws than that of convicted former congressman William Jefferson , who his $ 100,000 of his bribe cash in his freezer .
Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday , knocked the armed student to the ground and pinned him down until authorities arrived .  No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at the school .  The 16-year - old , who only transferred to the school a month ago , told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone   .
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in profile .  Tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can go to the app to see the full library .  Firm also improved its mutual friends feature - and added more interests to profile .
Brett Robinson , 33 , faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' However at a motion hearing , Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it .  The judge said the defense filing it on April 10 was ' untimely ' and that he didn
Environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship suspected of illegal fishing   .  The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by Sea Shepherd charity for 110 days .  The ship 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled .  The crew were given food and water and were transferred to Sam Simon   .  Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal   .
Guests attending Waterloo 200 service told not to act in a ' triumphalist ' way to avoid upsetting French .  Invitations to service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying victory over Napoleon .  Instead , it will focus on the ' pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  Politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for life - saving surgery .  Jackson Byrnes , 18 , has less than a day to go before he is due to be operated on .  The Casino teenager is just under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .  In nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the Casino teenager 's surgery   .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  He has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The 55-year - old attempted to have the complaints dismissed on account of not being able to defend himself from prison .  The tribunal will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
Daphne , 86 , models for Vans and & Other Stories with 22-year - old Flo Dron .  Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she was still commanding £ 1,000 a day in 2011 .  She has never had any surgery and shies away from botox   .
Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .  People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings .  There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water and no fuel .
Aaron Lennon went to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends to watch singer Trey Songz .  The 28-year - old later went to VIP section where booths cost £ 2,000 to sit in the VIP section .  Waitress claims he grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in VIP suite .  She fled to toilet in tears and told police he had left her with a bruise below her eye   .  The Tottenham winger , who is on loan at Everton , was interviewed under caution   .  Police confirmed no arrests have been made and an investigation is ongoing   .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry 's Light and Laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion .  Clients must sign an eight - page waiver that includes a list of potential side effects , including blistering , crusting , itching , pain , bruising , skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation , burns , infection , scabbing , scarring and swelling .  They must also grant permission for their organs to be donated   .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox in the Scottish Championship on Sunday .  Nicky Clark , Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law all scored for the hosts .  Stuart McCall 's side remain level on 61 points with Hibernian at the top of the table .  Rangers bounced back from their defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday .
Angela Kelly , 67 , had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .  At 5 ft 3 in , Angela had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels .  The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of   shoes a year .
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run at the weekend .  300 runners continued past unmanned marshal point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .  They should have been directed at a junction point but were sent on two - mile detour .  It was reported that some runners were ' in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ' shambolic '
Craft was supposed to be capturing footage of Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  After attack , drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo   .
For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in - person at Price 's Olivette home in Missouri .  When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .  Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents .  The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born .
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen .  Saudi - led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Houthis .  The coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space , according to the UN .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people .  But the Red Cross has pulled out of plans to deliver aid to Yemen yesterday morning .  It is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into the country by plane today .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , allegedly shot dead 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College in North Carolina on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  On Thursday , he was removed from a North Carolina courtroom after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table when he was reminded that he could face the death penalty for the murder of his former boss .  He claimed he shot Lane because he was a ' child molester ' who was trying to molest his brother .  He has said Lane did not touch the boy but intended to .
Tabitha Anne Bennett ' sent a Facebook message to the 14-year - old girl and told her she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl in New Port Richey , Florida on April 12 ' She ' drove to the scene with her daughter and left the car holding a knife ' She allegedly encouraged her daughter , yelling at her , ' Get on top of her ' and ' kick her a * * ' The fight lasted about a minute and was recorded by two bystanders who posted it on social media .  Bennett , who is unemployed , has been charged with child abuse .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of Floyd Mayweather bout .  The 36-year - old also thanks NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .  The pair will go head - to - head in a $ 300million mega - fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he fights .  Click here for all the latest boxing news   .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , last August .  He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  As he was escorted from courtroom , he screamed : ' You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' Judge called brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance '   .  Vuollozzo 's sister , Cathy , 9 , was killed by driver in car crash when he was two years old in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received nine - month sentence
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  Ukip ’s manifesto chief later added to confusion by saying the limit ‘ might change every year ’ .  Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘ making up his policies as he goes along ’   .
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £ 200,000 at auction .  But it sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house - after gathering dust for 15 years .  It was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted purple .  Anonymous British car collector faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory .  But when it is ready , it could be worth more than £ 1million - and a good investment .
Jaysh Al - Islam released video showing 1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces units .  They are part of Army of Islam , which opposes Syrian regime and ISIS in Syria .  Salafist group was formed in 2011 after merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside Syria .  Leader Sheikh Zahran Aloush calls for ' cleansing ' of Alawite and Shiites in rebel - held Damascus .  He tells his troops : ' So take your strength from Allah and wage Jihad in the cause of your Lord '   .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ’s evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  The fossil is known from the well - preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama .  Experts from the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County say the find will help fill in gaps in the evolution .  of cetaceans .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3 lb and says she found it difficult to find clothes to suit her .  The housewife 's diet consisted of chicken kiev , deep - fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .  She has now slimmed down to a slender 9st 10 lb after taking up exercise and eating healthily .
