a woman street cleaner and her three young daughters were killed saturday when a bomb in a metal container exploded in bangladesh , police said .
in the early ####s , the only thing most people knew about llamas was that michael jackson had one .
the un chief of eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , confirmed tuesday that key elections would be held here on april ## as part of local ballots throughout croatia .
the daily charter flights between taiwan and china inaugurated four months ago have attracted severe criticism , with detractors complaining about excessive pricing , but the opening of regular flights , expected later this year , is raising hopes of cheaper fares .
it got so bad for the miami dolphins on sunday that boos were even being directed at their coach , jimmy johnson .
business at taiwan 's theme parks and resorts grew significantly in the first quarter of this year compared to q# last year , the tourism bureau said thursday , attributing the growth to the government 's shopping voucher program and other promotion efforts .
the use of nuclear weapons will grow increasingly likely by #### , us intelligence warned thursday in a report on global trends that forecasts a tense , unstable world shadowed by war .
overcrowding and lack of illumination at exit points at konkola stadium in UNK province of zambia were among the major lapses that led to a stampede resulting in the death of ## soccer fans after an africa cup qualifier between zambia and congo UNK on june # , this year , sports minister gabriel UNK told the parliament thursday .
don hewitt , the cbs newsman who invented the highly popular tv newsmagazine `` ## minutes '' and produced it for ## years , died wednesday .
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on friday that will allow us airlines to carry freight to asian destinations via the territory .
share prices on the london stock exchange closed lower on monday , suffering on fears over banks ' exposure to bad u.s. home loans and the termination of sainsbury 's bid .
the u.s. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in european trading wednesday morning .
spanish conservative leader jose maria aznar will become prime minister no sooner than the beginning of may and not early next week as his party had hoped , sources within a potential coalition partner said friday .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said thursday an upsurge in taliban attacks in afghanistan was aimed at `` testing '' western public opinion and warned the alliance would take tough action against anyone trying to derail afghan reconstruction .
even some of his rivals in the roland garros locker-room are hoping that roger federer can create a bit of tennis history by winning all four grand slams .
state farm mutual automobile insurance co. may need to buy more insurance for itself , to cover such disasters as the one that heavily damaged this illinois-based company last week .
three malaysian and indonesian seamen kidnapped by philippine abu sayyaf kidnap-for-ransom group allegedly had been executed and the skeletons discovered in the southern philippines are believed to be their remains , a local television reported wednesday .
south korea posted a current account surplus of #.# billion dollars in october , the central bank said thursday , a figure that is likely to relieve pressure on the shaky won .
european stock markets struggled to maintain their equilibrium and most asian indexes fell monday following wall street 's plunge at the end of last week on lingering credit concerns that have been roiling markets .
young said he 's inclined to go along with a sentencing agreement proposed by the government and ferber 's attorneys .
several thousand supporters of far-right groups attended rallies on saturday to remember the ##th anniversary of the post-world war i treaty that dismantled the austro-hungarian empire and left millions of hungarians outside the country 's borders .
col. robert e. lee skirted the unleaded gasoline pit , negotiated a thicket of telephone cords stretched as tight as trip wires and took the center of the new york mercantile exchange 's main trading floor just before # p.m. last monday .
prime minister vladimir putin of russia visited venezuela on friday to sign a series of military and oil agreements with president hugo chavez , who is seeking to expand ties with russia as a way of countering the influence of the united states in latin america .
tom kristensen of denmark will drive for a record seventh victory in the ##-hour endurance race at le mans this weekend .
construction spending in the united states rose a healthy #.# percent to a record level in april , as office construction surged and activity in the red-hot housing market hit an all-time high , the government reported wednesday .
chinese lawmakers on thursday adopted a law amendment to better protect the country 's more than ## million disabled , in the run-up to the beijing #### paralympics in september .
future generations of switzerland will have to pay a heavy price for the standard of living currently enjoyed by swiss men and women , swiss radio international -lrb- sri -rrb- reported friday .
the #-year-old should n't be here .
results here on sunday in the paris marathon : - UNK
iraqi oil ministry tuesday gave a two-week extra time for foreign oil firms to send in documentation for the second round of licensing for long-term development contracts .
summaries from the first round of the spanish first-division football league -lrb- home teams listed first -rrb- : UNK
grid positions after the final qualifying session in the indonesian motorcycle grand prix at the sentul circuit , west java , saturday : UNK
iraqi president jalal talabani and high-ranking syrian baath party officials met here thursday and affirmed their joint aim to improve ties between the two countries , official media said .
whether it 's a brilliant smile or tears of joy , helio castroneves lets you know how he feels .
the euro slipped against the dollar on thursday even as u.s. weekly jobless claims rose slightly .
the united states has further restricted iran 's access to the us financial system by banning certain types of fund transfers , the treasury department said thursday .
cox news service atlanta -- the dow jones industrial average , which ended #### slightly in the red , came roaring back monday to close above ##,### for the first time in # #\/# years .
finland scored three goals in a ##-second span of the first period tuesday night for a #-# victory over the czech republic in their world cup of hockey opener .
he 's leader of the world 's most populous nation , but a mystery to most .
european major stocks ended mainly lower for the second session in a row thursday as limp results and outlooks from sector bellwethers such as royal dutch\/shell and stmicroelectronics sent jitters through the market .
second-seeded aranxta sanchez vicario disposed of south african amanda coetzer #-# , #-# thursday in the third-round of the madrid open .
the european commission on wednesday approved a joint venture between french banks credit agricole sa and UNK d'epargne to combine their securities services businesses .
south korea said wednesday it would consider scrapping food aid to impoverished north korea if pyongyang test-fired a missile .
ext goes here .
q. i 've heard that cow manure can be used for energy production , but not human waste .
fourteen men accused of membership of organised crime gangs and involvement in a savage europe-wide vendetta go on trial wednesday at UNK in southern italy .
authorities have freed about two thirds of the ### people arrested during three days of violent protests over increased food prices , security sources said wednesday .
led by a lone ivory coast army pickup truck , french and west african military convoys set off in jeeps and armored vehicles friday on a mission to secure the lawless west after civil war .
in a policy shift , israel arrested more than ## islamic jihad militants in the west bank overnight , following a series of attacks by the group against israeli targets , military sources said .
using certain anti-cancer drugs for years at a time can help keep some types of cancer in remission longer , doctors reported thursday .
egypt and lebanon will hold the fifth session of their joint higher committee on monday to discuss ways of activating a deal on establishing a free trade zone between the two countries .
now that `` buffy the vampire slayer '' is finished , fans might assume that anthony stewart head would be eager to escape his image as giles _ the proper british librarian whose UNK helped conquer evil .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said thursday the killing of al-qaeda 's leader in iraq , abu musab UNK , was a significant victory in the battle against terrorism but not the end of the violence .
germany 's aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy won their first major title when they claimed pairs gold at european figure skating championships here on wednesday .
a foreign trade fair aimed at enhancing economic ties between china 's island province of hainan and vietnam has ended recently , generating a total of one billion yuan-worth of contracts .
group h favorites spain could be given an unexpected boost ahead of their opener against ukraine - if andriy shevchenko decides to sit out wednesday 's afternoon match in leipzig .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma threatened to dissolve parliament friday as deputies continued blocking the passage of the #### budget .
a detained iranian-american academic accused of acting against national security has been released from a tehran prison after a hefty bail was posted , a top judiciary official said tuesday .
hong kong tycoon li ka-shing 's flagship cheung kong -lrb- holdings -rrb- ltd. is expected to report a UNK .# percent rise in #### net profits on wednesday , analysts said .
the us banking industry 's profits slid ## percent in the third quarter from a year ago to #.# billion dollars , reflecting the credit crisis ravaging the sector and overall economy , regulators said tuesday .
the deal between government officials and islamic militants in the scenic swat valley could presage broader accords with militants in the tribal areas bordering afghanistan .
the government has cut a dramatic hike in electricity charges after workers threatened to strike .
chinese carmaker chery automobile has recorded a ##.# percent growth in the number of exported vehicles during the first quarter , the company said on sunday .
strengthened border patrol has led to a ##-percent drop in arrests of undocumented migrants this year at the u.s.-mexico frontier , it was reported on wednesday .
the us space shuttle atlantis separated from the orbiting russian mir space station early saturday , after three days of test runs for life in a future space facility , nasa announced .
the united states claimed credit tuesday for a ceasefire that ended fighting between israel and lebanese guerrillas , and rejected suggestions that it was forced to model the agreement after a french draft .
jean UNK , a prominent chef who opened le cirque , one of new york city 's premier restaurants , with UNK UNK in #### , died UNK his home in west palm beach , fla. .
australia 's news corp announced monday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo televisa and the us tele-communications inc. in a venture to broadcast ### channels via satellite to latin america .
malaysia 's national car maker proton expects to export its cars to russia by early next year to boost its overseas sales , a company official said tuesday .
foreign ministers of the group of eight countries began talks here thursday expected to raise pressure on iran over its nuclear program , as moscow sought to prevent next month 's g# summit becoming a magnet for criticism of russia 's democratic credentials .
german chancellor angela merkel presides monday over a key annual congress of her party -- which has been divided over her response to the financial crisis -- ahead of federal elections in #### .
the political uncertainty in nepal ended wednesday as king birendra finally chose to accept the submission by ## mps to convene a special session of parliament on february ## to discuss their no-confidence motion against the present government .
a french crocodile farm said thursday it had stepped up efforts to breed one of the world 's most endangered species , the indian UNK , with the hope of ultimately returning animals to their habitat in south asia .
friday : munich #### v uerdingen , eintracht frankfurt v hansa rostock , saturday : borussia moenchengladbach v cologne , sankt pauli v werder bremen , stuttgart v bayern munich , freiburg v karlsruhe , kaiserslautern v hamburg , borussia dortmund v schalke ## , sunday : bayer leverkusen v dusseldorf UNK
result in a world cup group g match here on sunday .
leonardo piepoli of italy was the clear winner thursday of the fourth stage of the tour of burgos while frenchman laurent jalabert closed the gap on overall leader abraham olano .
a series of emergency measures have been taken in northeast china 's liaoning province in a massive campaign against drought believed to be the most serious since #### .
iraq 's cabinet is expected to meet in baghdad on tuesday to discuss a military accord that will govern the presence of american troops in iraq beyond #### , a minister said on monday .
the indian elephant will become extinct unless the government launches an all-out war against rampant poaching , wildlife experts say .
UNK lindner watches her boys asleep in a sofa bed .
andre blom and mark UNK scored tries and some tactical kicks in the final ## minutes sent the united states to the rugby world cup with a ##-## victory over uruguay on saturday .
a man has been shot dead in a catholic area of west belfast , police said friday .
latvian president guntis ulmanis on friday expressed condolences to jews for the nazi holocaust and conceded `` with shame and indignation '' that latvians were among their persecutors , a news agency reported .
ten bulgarians involved in trafficking women to france to work as prostitutes have been arrested following a joint operation by bulgarian and french authorities , the national investigation service said friday .
the u.s.-based UNK llc and the i-shou university in southern taiwan signed a memorandum thursday to jointly develop the micro and nano technologies for UNK use .
copenhagen ap -rrb- -- results from the danish first division -lrb- home teams listed first -rrb- : UNK
as family members wept with joy , ## foreign democracy were expelled saturday from myanmar and arrived in bangkok after a week in custody for distributing leaflets opposed to the military government .
jerry york 's office at boston college is tucked away in a corner of conte forum , suitably removed from the traffic flow in a place where conversations inevitably turn to hockey .
remarks by president george w. bush announcing the end of major combat operations in iraq thursday evening from the deck of the aircraft carrier uss abraham lincoln : UNK
a day after a lone gunman fatally shot the chairman of the arkansas democratic party at its headquarters in little rock , investigators found evidence on thursday that the suspect may have been thinking about his victim in advance , although they were unable to determine why .
cherie blair , wife of former british prime minister tony blair , visited bangladesh 's supreme court here on wednesday to observe the appeal proceedings of a graft case against former bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina .
india were ###-# at tea in their second innings on the fifth and final day of the third test against australia at the feroz shah kotla stadium here on sunday .
in their private moments , coaches dream of what it would be like to have the perfect player at every position _ one who meets or exceeds all of the physical and mental standards to excel , without flaw or weakness .
a federal jury ordered ebay inc. to pay $ ## million for violating patents filed by an attorney in a ruling that could change how the online auction house operates .
the somali town of jowhar , the last stronghold of the us-backed warlords , on wednesday girded for new clashes after three powerful militia chiefs fled the township as their enemies were reportedly within striking distance , residents said .
ukraine outclassed saudi arabia in their crunch group h game here monday , firmly setting their stuttering world cup campaign back on track with a convincing #-# win .
with the world 's financial system in turmoil , it makes a certain amount of sense that financial stocks , especially those of banks and brokerage firms , have been pounded .
anna wintour must be pleased .
johnny `` guitar '' watson , one of rhythm and blues ' most influential guitarists , has died of a heart attack after collapsing on stage in japan .
colombian stocks rose for the first time in seven days , led by retailer UNK , amid optimism over the economy for #### .
torino striker david di michele will be allowed to play friendly matches despite being banned for three months for illegal betting .
growing up in the slums of kabul and suffering from a life-threatening heart defect , ##-year-old UNK UNK feared that she may only have a few more years to live .
alexander calder -lrb- ####-#### -rrb- , the son of an artist and a painter , not surprisingly was a multimedia artist .
a japanese man hanged himself in taiwan sunday after the asian champions failed to secure a single victory in the world cup , a report said .
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after he admitted pummelling his baby son to death to silence him while watching television .
beatings and brutality are common at rio 's youth detention centers , but abuses often go unreported because there is no outside monitoring , human rights watch said thursday .
a wealthy dilettante pays a publishing house to issue the novel he has written : a classic example of a vanity project .
south african teenager caster semenya received her gold medal thursday for her ###-meter win at the world championships .
the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .
the supreme court late wednesday granted the bush administration 's request to transfer the terrorism suspect jose padilla from military to civilian custody , ending an odd two-week standoff over where he should be held while the justices decide whether to hear his case .
----- free art ... one b&amp;w photo of clint eastwood and his wife , dina ruiz , can be sent to you by mail or overnight delivery , using your fedex or airborne delivery number .
cuban sports officials and coaches censored the possible elimination of boxers ' protective head gear in the amateur boxing competitions , cuba 's official press `` granma '' said on friday .
southeast asian countries hope to conclude free-trade talks with six major trading partners , including china , japan and australia , by #### but would avoid any new negotiations amid the frenzy of the work ahead , a top official said sunday .
baghdad authorities have reopened the roads leading from the city of kirkuk to the kurdish self-rule area in northern iraq , the official iraqi news agency has reported .
with deadlines for college applications looming and a UNK on procrastination , jacqueline lerner of wayland was getting nervous .
up to ## percent of the four million tourists expected to visit thailand in the first three months of the year may cancel their trips after deadly bombings in bangkok , a leading think-tank said friday .
secretary of state warren christopher widened consultations on an israeli-lebanese ceasefire wednesday by including egypt and saudi arabia in the effort , an official said .
costa rica has ruled out the possibility of opening up its telecommunication sector in spite of pressure exerted by the united states , reports from guatemala city said wednesday .
the stability of hong kong 's stockmarket will continue after july #st , when the territory is handed by to china , central monetary authority president joseph yam said here monday .
when it comes to health care , mitt romney is hoping to have it both ways , even as he accuses the white house of doing the same .
four children were killed and another three wounded thursday when an old mortar fuse exploded as they played with it in afghanistan 's capital , police said .
boeing co. , faced with a record number of commercial aircraft orders , signed an agreement that will give it the help of rival mcdonnell douglas corp. in developing larger jumbo jets .
shivnarine chanderpaul hit a fighting century but could n't stop pakistan winning the second day-night international by ## runs here on friday , securing an unbeatable #-# lead .
united microelectronics corp. -lrb- umc -rrb- , the world 's second largest contract chipmaker , said wednesday it saw a slight drop in sales in november as a result of the new taiwan dollar 's surge against the u.s. dollar .
a u.s. congressman expressed concern wednesday over the health of venezuela 's democracy and condemned pending conspiracy charges against a leading government opponent .
republican presidential candidate mitt romney has stashed ## million dollars in his #### war chest this year , outpacing party front-runner rudolph giuliani in a key early test of the white house race .
three-time world champions germany defeated albania #-# in a world cup european zone qualifying match wednesday night while poland suffered a minor setback in their attempt to take their first world cup berth since #### .
rio ferdinand admits manchester united 's recent defensive problems are causing concern ahead of the crucial , closing stages of the season .
new zealand completed their second grand slam in three years and third overall with a ##-# win over england at twickenham here saturday .
internal documents from bp show that there were serious problems and safety concerns with the deepwater horizon rig far earlier than those the company described to congress last week .
australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states , britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears .
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which crashed tuesday in the north caucasus , killing the ## people on board , the ministry for emergencies said wednesday .
japanese stocks ticked up wednesday afternoon as the u.s. dollar 's rise to a more than eight month high against the yen helped boost export-dependent issues .
the euro drifted lower against the u.s. dollar tuesday after a report showed that german business confidence slipped again , hit by turbulence in global financial markets .
the bush administration raised the u.s. terror alert level to orange tuesday amid fears a wave of terrorist attacks overseas will spread to the united states .
president chen shui-bian said thursday he will attend a summit meeting of heads of state of the republic of china and its central american allies to be held in el salvador later this year if the event can take place as originally scheduled .
another #.# million people fell below the poverty line in argentina in the second half of #### , research by the country 's official statistics agency revealed wednesday .
russia will ease its currency gradually lower against the dollar during the second half of #### but at a rate lower than russian inflation , top officials announced thursday .
two lines of burly riot police linked arms to trap protesters on a street in central moscow on saturday .
the master plan for ground zero is unraveling , which is not necessarily bad news .
at stake for the detroit pistons in game # against the miami heat is so much more than their nba playoff lives .
in september , the u.s. postal service issued two commemorative UNK stamps featuring kirby the puppy and samantha the kitten .
israeli president shimon peres officially entrusted the chairman of the right - wing likud party benjamin netanyahu with the task of building a coalition , ## days after the parliamentary election .
here 's the routine : UNK
a bomb exploded in a crowded cafe thursday afternoon and injured seven people , the government said , in the latest of a wave of attacks on city restaurants .
hours after being lightly wounded by a suicide bomber , a senior saudi prince largely credited with the kingdom 's aggressive anti-terrorism efforts said friday he was more determined than ever to fight militants in the country .
turkey 's telecom authority auctioned three #g mobile phone licences on friday , raising ### million euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- at a time of strain on the national public finances .
vice-premier zou jiahua expressed china 's willingness to further increase technological cooperation with foreign enterprises including the toyota motor corporation of japan on the basis of mutual benefit , in a meeting with okuda hiroshi , president of toyota .
president george w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of the state department 's counterterrorism office , to become civilian administrator in iraq and oversee the country 's transition to democratic rule .
a small arab party headed by an adviser to yasser arafat on tuesday quit the race for israel 's parliament after polls suggested it would fail to win a seat .
government troops has repelled an attack by rebel forces along sudan 's eastern borders , the spokesman of the sudanese armed forces said today .
worried by dozens of abusive telephone threats received by doctors and nurses , police have tightened security at a hospital treating a man accused of murdering ## people in a shooting and arson spree .
newcastle starts its new season in unfamiliar surroundings against very familiar opponents when it takes on west bromwich albion in the league championship on saturday .
leading season scorers in the bundesliga after saturday 's third-round games : UNK
it starts with a few whispered words over tiny cups of bitter black coffee , a narrow UNK glance or two -- and then comes the torrent of talk about betrayal and blood revenge .
while jury deliberations continued in the trial of richard m. scrushy , the former chief executive of healthsouth , a separate healthsouth criminal case came to an end friday morning with the acquittal of two former executives on federal bribery charges .
a public prosecutor on monday asked a judicial council to determine if felony fraud and bribery charges should be brought against representatives of germany 's UNK , greece 's UNK and the state-owned telecommunications monopoly .
a powerful earthquake rocked northeastern japan on monday , knocking out power , causing a landslide and disrupting road and rail traffic .
a senior russian diplomat on thursday accused pakistan of sending its troops and combat aircraft to help the taliban movement crush its opponents in northern afghanistan .
it was a sickening feeling he hoped never to experience again , least of all three months later .
major-league baseball in the ####s came to a fitting end wednesday night , with the rich getting richer and the poor braves showing the form that made them a team of heartbreak in the world series .
south korean stocks continued their winning streak on foreign and program buying , with the main index bouncing back to the ###-point level on tuesday .
gold opened lower here on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
david rikl of the czech republic defeated croatian goran prpic #-# , #-# monday in the opening match of the croatian open .
fall zombies and ghosts UNK
cox news service dayton , ohio -- charlie coles has played in and coached more than #,### basketball games .
in process of divorcing from prince andrew , the cash-hungry duchess of york has clinched a deal with a u.s. publisher to write a new book , according to a news report friday .
there is no `` imminent crisis '' that would require a special legislative session to fix a mistake in a new law that lets residents of any age -- even toddlers -- marry with parental consent , arkansas governor mike beebe said monday .
a washington post article incorrectly said that steve scully , president of the white house correspondents ' association , works for cnn .
italian voters rejected by a wide margin a referendum on constitutional change backed by former prime minister silvio berlusconi , provisional results showed , dealing a further blow to the media mogul more than two months after he lost power .
greece international central defender sotiris kyrgiakos says he intends to join liverpool after receiving an offer from the premier league club .
iran has vowed it would not suspend its nuclear work after the latest report from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- said tehran has slowed its uranium enrichment program , iran 's english-language satellite news channel press tv reported on friday .
defending national basketball association champions miami , who have battled injuries all season , booked their playoff berth thursday with a thrilling overtime victory over cleveland .
phil mickelson 's bid for a third straight major title was still on saturday as the american started the third round of the us open golf championship four shots off the lead .
communist members of the russian parliament have drawn up a draft law that would roll back many of the economic reforms president boris yeltsin launched in #### , the new york times said friday .
several economists say thailand _ an asian economic success story until #### _ could see its first recession in ## years .
the water in the shower went from cold to colder .
scoreboard of the sharjah cup one-day international between india and pakistan here on monday : UNK
israelis and palestinians must take immediate steps to implement an internationally backed `` road map '' to mideast peace because it `` is vital that -lrb- our -rrb- two peoples feel something is changing on the ground , '' palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas said in comments published wednesday .
sri lankans were stocking up on snacks , soft drinks , ice cream and liquor on saturday to watch their home team battle australia at the cricket world cup finals in the caribbean .
montenegro will hold its third presidential election in six months on sunday , with a pro-independence candidate a clear favorite to become the leader of the small republic , part of a union with the much bigger serbia .
president george w. bush 's springer spaniel , spot , was old and ailing .
president clinton plans to round out his selection of a new cabinet on friday with the announcement of his choices for several remaining openings , including that of andrew cuomo , the eldest son of the former new york governor , mario cuomo , as secretary of housing and urban development , administration officials said on thursday .
president chandrika kumaratunga accused her political rival , sri lanka 's prime minister , of `` degrading '' the country 's military and raising the `` false hope '' that a safety net provided by friendly nations would protect against a resurgence of civil war .
a powerful bomb exploded outside a navy base near the sri lankan capital colombo tuesday , seriously wounding at least one person , military officials said .
manager terry collins got angry last week when he thought his angels overlooked the tampa bay devil rays before heading into their series with the texas rangers .
poland 's main opposition party tuesday endorsed president lech walesa in an upcoming presidential run-off election after a reformed communist won the first round of voting .
marshall islands opposition party declared victory thursday night , saying it `` is ready to take over the reins of government after defeating president kessai note , reported pacific magazine , a UNK journal , on friday .
croatia protested tuesday over an attack against a roman catholic church in sarajevo , which came just one month ahead of a scheduled visit by the pope , hina news agency said .
algerian soldiers stepped up their patrols in the capital thursday , a day after a car bomb killed three people and wounded at least ## at an algiers cafe and a policeman was killed in a shootout .
france midfielder emmanuel petit will miss the confederations cup in june because of minor leg injuries , while patrick vieira is an almost certain absentee , france 's coach said .
the upcoming china visit by president ali abdulla saleh of the republic of yemen should further strengthen the friendly relations and cooperation between the two countries .
palestinian security forces on thursday captured two palestinian prisoners , including the killer of an israeli taxi driver , who had escaped the day before , a senior official said .
malaysia beat bangladesh #-# in a world cup asian zone group one qualifying match in jeddah , saudi arabia , on monday .
clouds of dark smoke billowed over the city sunday as #,### liberian refugees stood on the deck of a freighter , sadly singing a patriotic hymn and waving farewell as the ship inched away from the burning capital .
the government and opposition groups have reached agreement on bringing home more than ##,### refugees who fled to northern afghanistan to escape tajikistan 's civil war , an official said friday .
sometimes it seems the only way to keep children safe from household accidents is constant vigilance .
an independent pakistani human rights commission said tuesday that rioting that killed eight christians last week was not spontaneous but was planned by the attackers , some of whom belong to an al-qaida-linked group .
they rose gracefully from a wildflower meadow , two windswept UNK that towered over the spectacular tidal marshes of plum island .
france said on monday it was seeking the release of an UNK solider who was reportedly captured by an armed palestinian group at the weekend , and had made contact with all parties involved .
the ministry of finance on thursday lowered its economic growth estimates for the year , predicting slower growth of the gross national product , and increased unemployment .
global steel giant UNK on monday announced a share buyback program to repurchase up to ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- worth of shares .
this time , there were no gale conditions facing colin montgomerie at the oxfordshire golf club .
the first comic-book version of a defense white paper was introduced by the ministry of national defense -lrb- mnd -rrb- tuesday , with two of the leading characters appearing at a press conference to promote it .
following are the podium finishers in the ####-#### women 's alpine skiing world cup : UNK
hurricane dean plowed into the caribbean coast of mexico on tuesday as a roaring category # hurricane , lashing ancient mayan ruins and heading for the modern oil installations .
the finnish parliament on tuesday elected centre party leader matti vanhanen as prime minister , a post he has held since #### , after his party won legislative elections last month .
for most shoppers , it 's second nature to punch in a personal identification number when using a debit card to pay for a purchase .
british aid worker norman kember has been kidnapped in iraq with three other westerners , the british foreign office said on sunday .
portsmouth striker jermain defoe could be ruled out for several weeks if a specialist decides the england international needs surgery to cure a calf injury .
the archbishop of canterbury believes the church of england should change its teaching on homosexuality to accept gay relationships , his biographer was quoted as saying in a newspaper tuesday .
nick zito , who had three horses finish second during rival trainer d. wayne lukas ' streak of six straight victories in triple crown races , won the preakness on saturday with louis quatorze , who had finished ##th in the kentucky derby .
greek foreign minister theodoros pangalos reopened the greek consulate in the southern city of gjirokaster saturday , on a visit meant to demonstrate that bilateral tensions are a thing of the past .
the chief investigator into the december crash of a silkair passenger plane can not say conclusively that pilot suicide was not the cause , singapore government television reported monday .
japan 's organising committee for the #### world cup soccer finals is counting on the nation 's popular soccer lottery to help finance the extravaganza , an official said .
the world 's biggest miner bhp billiton announced tuesday it was dropping its controversial hostile takeover bid for rival rio tinto due to the state of the global economy .
three egyptian brothers died in the explosion of a leftover land mine they were toying with near egypt 's suez canal , hospital officials said sunday .
software maker sap ag said wednesday it is extending a program aimed at poaching customers from u.s. rival oracle corp. , part of tussle between the two biggest players in the business software market .
fannie mae , the nation 's largest mortgage finance company , offered additional evidence on friday that the housing slump was deepening by reporting a $ #.# billion loss in the second quarter .
nope , it 's just the same old stuff .
the columbus blue jackets re-signed forward david vyborny for next season .
an UNK number of chinese legislators on friday voted against the government 's annual report on efforts to combat crime and corruption .
environmental groups monday called for immediate and decisive action on climate change , amid concern that powerful nations will seek to water down a masterplan aimed at tackling global warming .
what do you think of bernie williams ? is the yankee center fielder underrated ? should he be included on the list of great players who have worn pinstripes ? UNK
the russian cellist mstislav rostropovich , who has died aged ## , was not only a consummate musician but also a great UNK of talent , notably among composers who wrote works both for and with him .
egypt , rich in ancient antiquities , is planning to build the world 's largest museum to house them but has n't yet figured out how to pay for it , the nation 's chief archaeologist said wednesday .
after five months of upheaval and disarray , the dodgers already might have their first disaster for the #### season .
a bomb exploded on a bus bound for kigali , rwanda , killing at least ## passengers , a private radio station said tuesday .
the u.s. coast guard stopped six illegal cuban migrants who tried to enter the florida keys on a small boat thursday , plucking five from the water , one after he treaded water for more than two hours , authorities said .
journalists and legislators in afghanistan have been outraged by the intelligence service 's new media guidelines that bar interviews with taliban leaders and criticism of foreign troops .
egypt trounced ethiopia #-# sunday in a group three qualifying round , earning a coveted spot in the #### african nations cup .
the united states deported to bosnia on friday two bosnian serbs wanted by a local court on charges of genocide committed in the #### srebrenica massacre , an official said .
the raiders were definitely up for dan marino 's first appearance ever at the oakland coliseum sunday .
amid concern that the peace process in angola is unravelling , the security council on wednesday threatened economic sanctions against angolan rebels and accused them of failing to honor agreements to end the ##-year-old civil conflict .
the pentagon 's top medical officer contests the conclusions of a government accountability office report that questioned whether service members returning from iraq and afghanistan are getting appropriate mental health care .
about ### rwandan refugees who have flown in from civil war-torn eastern zaire were stuck thursday at nairobi 's wilson airport , where immigration officials refused to allow them on to kenyan territory .
some nissan cars will soon come with a gas pedal that lifts to warn of possible collisions , while the cars will automatically stop if drivers take their foot off the accelerator in response to the warning .
UNK -lrb- los angeles -rrb- - column on who should win the western conference semifinals between the lakers and san antonio spurs .
he was a jew with missing teeth and flat feet .
a swedish un soldier in bosnia was shot and killed by a stray bullet on tuesday in an incident authorities are calling an accident , military officials in stockholm said tuesday .
as merck &amp; co. defends itself against litigation involving its pain reliever vioxx , the pharmaceutical giant also is fielding the first of what could be another wave of lawsuits involving fosamax , an osteoporosis drug and its second biggest seller .
result of an african champions league third round , second-leg match here on saturday : UNK
a military court heard more medical testimony sunday in the case of a jordanian soldier accused of killing seven israeli schoolgirls .
european stock markets closed sharply higher on the first trading day of the year , with many indices at their highest levels in nearly six years on a wave of positive new year sentiment .
zimbabwe 's ruling zanu-pf has requested the zimbabwe electoral commission -lrb- zec -rrb- to recount and audit all its electoral material relating to last week 's presidential election following revelations of errors and miscalculations in the compilation of the poll result .
in stifling heat shortly after noon , a compact , neatly groomed man in a plaid shirt and slacks plunges down an alley lined with mango sellers and women cooking bread over wood fires .
los angeles galaxy coach frank yallop is not sure when david beckham is coming , but he knows where the former english captain is going .
japan 's opposition swept to a historic victory in elections sunday , crushing the ruling conservative party that has run the country for most of the postwar era and assuming the daunting task of pulling the economy out of its worst slump since world war ii .
chinese shares were up #.## percent by midday thursday after the central bank announced its biggest interest rate cut in a decade to boost weakening economic growth , dealers said .
pope john paul ii had such a passion for skiing that he carried on hitting the slopes -- incognito -- even after becoming pontiff , according to a memoir by his personal secretary stanislaw dziwisz .
all countries that signed the european union 's maastricht treaty have `` exactly the same right '' to join in monetary union at the outset , as long as they meet the convergence criteria , french president jacques chirac said on monday .
at least ## sri lankan soldiers and ### tiger guerrillas were killed in the battle for a key rebel stronghold which fell into government hands friday , the defense ministry said .
a katyusha rocket fired from lebanon on saturday morning hit the western galilee in north israel , causing two lightly hurt , israel radio reported .
two projections offer two contrasting , compelling documents of contemporary urban life .
the body of a ##-year-old woman was found tuesday in western mexico , the last of ## people who were swept away and killed in a fast-moving river .
the heads of five former soviet republics ended their meeting in yalta , southern ukraine , on thursday with the signing of a series of documents , turning the informal guuam group into an international organization .
delegates attending a conference of leading ethnic UNK voted to support the ruling military 's proposed plan to hand power back to civilian leaders , a spokesman said tuesday .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has been re-elected as president of serie a side ac milan , the club confirmed on thursday .
christmas week might not seem the best time to open a movie that celebrates a millionaire pornographer as an american folk hero .
the chairperson of the commission of the african union -lrb- au -rrb- , jean ping , decided on sunday to dispatch cote d'ivoire 's former foreign minister amara essy as an envoy to antananarivo , capital of madagascar .
a delighted president nelson mandela met one of his screen idols friday , american actor sydney poitier .
greece 's equity prices continued its downward trend on tuesday with the general index on the athens stock exchange -lrb- ase -rrb- recording its seventh consecutive record low this year .
onstage , a revered classical actor with a knighthood and two oscar nominations to his name is strutting his stuff in a multicolored UNK , tossing out double UNK with a wink to the crowd .
germany launched celebrations tuesday to mark the centenary of the birth of the country 's world-class playwright , bertolt brecht .
five east timorese youths who scaled the french embassy 's fence here thursday , left the embassy on their way to portugal friday .
as the death toll from hurricane georges 's rampage through the caribbean rose to nearly ### , the storm crossed cuba thursday , turned northward and took aim at southern florida , where ###,### people were advised to evacuate mobile homes and low-lying coastal areas .
home-grown champions have been few and far between at the italian open .
u.s. and russian naval forces practiced rescue techniques wednesday in the event of natural disasters , but the joint exercises in the sea of japan were cut short by an approaching typhoon .
three u.s. warships with some #,### marines on board moved toward liberia 's shores thursday after fierce fighting erupted on a strategic bridge in the capital .
italian tax police on tuesday searched offices of silvio berlusconi 's media company fininvest in connection with a tax evasion investigation of the spanish television network telecinco .
following are the team standings of world cup concacaf zone qualifying tournament after sunday 's match between the united states and mexico -lrb- tabulated under matches played , won , drawn , lost , goals for , against , points -rrb- : UNK
all judicial files concerning intellectual property rights , from all three levels of beijing 's courthouses , will be available on UNK , the official website of beijing supreme court , from nov. # , announced an official friday .
european finance ministers kicked off two days of talks monday dominated by concern over lethargic growth , swelling budget deficits and a euro rising close to record highs against the dollar .
president ma ying-jeou declared thursday that his administration will form a special panel to seek investment from around the world now that taiwan has struck a landmark trade deal with china .
world oil prices rebounded on tuesday after plunging a day earlier on profit - taking , as key crude producer iran again tested western nerves , analysts said .
the lebanese government rescinded two decisions wednesday that had targeted hezbollah and ignited the worst internal fighting since the end of the ##-year civil war , underlining the group 's sense of victory in a battle that has recalibrated lebanese politics .
chinese vice-premier zeng peiyan urged china 's major coal-producing province of shanxi to turn its economy to a sustainable development track .
team new zealand , out to avenge the humbling #-# capitulation of their america 's cup crown to alinghi four years ago , and the other ## challengers to the swiss team 's crown were left frustrated by the elements on the opening day of the louis vuitton cup here monday .
the hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- government would implement additional precautionary measures to prepare for a possible influenza pandemic caused by avian influenza , a spokesman for the health , welfare and food bureau said on wednesday .
armando reyes climbed over the border fence and prepared for the dash into san diego .
the sudden political disappearance of prime minister ariel sharon , struggling for life after a massive stroke , has thrown the future of any peace process with the palestinians into question .
deepening economic woes and diplomatic stalemates may force north korean leader kim jong il to delay plans to assume full power , a south korean government report said monday .
french presidential frontrunner nicolas sarkozy on tuesday brushed off remarks from far-right rival jean-marie le pen who said sarkozy 's immigrant roots should be a factor for voters who head to the polls in less than two weeks .
french champions lyon knocked fiorentina out of the champions UNK with a #-# victory here on tuesday as they ensured their own place in the knock-out stages .
russian authorities want a european body to investigate the deaths of ### seals in the caspian sea , environmental officials said wednesday .
china is willing to make joint efforts with malta to further promote their traditional friendly relations , visiting chinese vice president xi jinping said here on saturday .
as the indonesian people 's consultative assembly -lrb- mpr -rrb- finished drafting decrees relating to president abdurrahman wahid 's accountability , some large political parties in the country would hold meeting to narrow possible differences on the agenda of the special mpr session scheduled for august # .
investors punished brazilian stocks thursday for the fourth day in a row amid continuing fallout from allegations that president luiz inacio lula da silva 's workers party paid bribes to buy votes in congress .
new zealand women are having more children and the country 's birth rate reached its highest level in ## years , statistics new zealand said on wednesday .
vietnamese prime minister nguyen tan dung has asked localities , relevant agencies and people to focus on monitoring food safety , ensuring environmental hygiene , preparing enough pharmaceuticals , and intensifying awareness work , to stamp out acute diarrhea .
iraqi authorities clamped a three-day driving ban on the capital and erected new checkpoints , while thousands of shiite pilgrims began their annual trek toward a mosque in northern baghdad to mark the anniversary of the death of one of shiite islam 's key saints .
in a broad preview of his second-term plans , president clinton promised wednesday to govern with the same centrist themes he used to win re-election .
jing zhiyuan , commander of the second artillery force of the chinese people 's liberation army -lrb- pla -rrb- , wrapped up his official visit to sweden wednesday .
the international fund for agriculture development -lrb- ifad -rrb- will assist china to push ahead with the UNK project it finances , in an effort to help more poor chinese farmers get rid of poverty .
european stock markets advanced strongly thursday on some bargain-hunting and gains by wall street and japanese shares ahead of an expected hike in us interest rates , dealers said .
ten civilians , including a nine - year-old boy , have been wounded in mortar attacks staged by islamic militants holding three aid workers of the international committee of the red cross monday night in the southern philippine island of sulu , police said .
south africa rode on andrew hall 's maiden five-wicket burst to storm into the world cup semi-finals with an emphatic nine-wicket win which humiliated england here on tuesday .
this is the time of year when people often take golf lessons .
a senior official of russia 's central bank has forecast a #.#-percent annual growth of the gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- in #### , interfax news agency reported on tuesday .
the victorious socialists consulted on tuesday with their political allies over the makeup of a new government and ways to end months of chaos and violence .
